IM BCC CAPITAL 1

FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN
PROSPECTUS
CLASS NOTES | AMOUNT COUPON Fitch DBRS
A £602,700,000 | Fixed 0.312% | AAA (EXP)sf | AA(sf)
B €226,400,000 | Fixed0.70% | BBB+(EXPIsf | BBB (sf)
c € 64,300,000 | Fixed 2.10% | BB+ (EXP)sf BB (sf)
D €59,600,000 | Fixed 7.49% | CCC(EXP)sf | Nonrated
E € 19,100,000 | Fixed 12.00% | Nonrated | Nonrated

Backed by credit rights deriving from Loans granted to small and medium sized
businesses and self-employed individuals by

CAJAMAR CAJA RURAL, SOCIEDAD COOPERATIVA DE CREDITO

) cajamar

CAJA RURAL

Lead Manager and Arranger
BANCO SANTANDER, SA,

Paying Agent
BANCO SANTANDER, SA.
Subscribers
CALAMAR
and
INSTITUTO DE CRÉDITO OFICIAL EP.

Fund sponsored and managed by:
E intermoney
[titulización

Prospectus recorded inthe Regístes of CNMV on the 131 of December 2018.



cajamar

IMPORTANT NOTICE - PROSPECTUS

IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the
Prospectusfolowing tis page and you ae therefore ackised to read this careful before reading,
accessing or making any other use ofthe Prospectus. In accessng the Prospectus, ou agree o be.
bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifcationsthereto,

NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR A
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE NOTES DESCRIBED IN THE PROSPECTUS IN ANY
JURISOICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR
REPRODUCTION OF THE PROSPECTOS IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISE.

FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURMIES ACT
OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS.

THE NOTES ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO AND!
SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN
THE EEA, FOR THESE PURPOSES, A RETAIL INVESTOR MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR MORE)
OF: (1) A RETAIL CUENTAS DEFINED IN POINT 12 OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF DIRECTIVE 2004/39/EC
(MIFID) OR (FROM THE DATE OF ITS IMPLEMENTATION INTO APPLICABLE LAW) POINT (13) OF.
ARTICLE 4(1) OF DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU (MIFID 1); OR (1) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF
DIRECTIVE 2002/92/EC (INSURANCE MEDIATION DIRECTIVE), WHERE THAT CUSTOMER WOULD
NOT QUALIPY AS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (21) OF ARTICLE 4(A) OF MIFI.
OR (FROM THE DATE OF ITS IMPLEMENTATION INTO APPLICABLE LAW) POINT (10) OF ARTICLE
(1) OF MIFID IL. CONSEQUENTLY NO KEY INFORMATION DOCUMENT REQUIRED BY REGULATION
(EU) NO 1286/2014 (THE PRIPS REGULATION) FOR OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR.
OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EEA HAS BEEN PREPARED.
AND THEREFORE OFFERING OR SELLING THE NOTES OR OTHERWISE MAKING THEM AVAILABLE
TO ANY RETAIL INVESTOR IN THE EEA MAY BE UNLAWFUL UNDER THE PRIPS REGULATION.

The Notes have not been and wil not be registered under the United States Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or th securitis laws o any state of the United State or
other relevant jursdiction. The Notes may not at any time be ofered, sold or delmered within the.
United States r to, or for the account or benefit o, any person who is (2) a US. Person (as
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation 5") by any person referrd to in
Rule S03(b)(2Ji) of Regulation S, (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (4) otherwise until
40 calendar days after the completion of the distribution of the securitis as determined and
centiied by the Lead Manager, in either case except in accordance with Regulation S. In aitio,
the Notes may not at any time be ofered, sold or delivered within the United States orto, or for
the account or benefit of, any person who s a U.S. person (as deined in the credit risk retention
regulations issued under Section 156 (the "US, Risk Retentian Rules") of the US. Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act”). Prospectve invesors should note that
the definition of US. person in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is substantaly similar to, but not
identical to, the definition of USS. person under Regulation 5. For a description of certain
restrictions on offers and sales af Notes and on distribution of this Prospectus in the United
States, see "US, SelingRestrcions" and "Risk Factors US, Risk Retention”

IN ORDER TO BE ELIGIBLE TO READ THE PROSPECTUS OR MAKE AN INVESTMENT DECISION WITH.
RESPECT TO THE NOTES DESCRIBED THEREIN, YOU MUST NOT 8E A "US. PERSON” AS DEFINED IN
REGULATION 5 (A “US. PERSON”) OR A US. PERSON AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. RISK RETENTION.
RULES (A "RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSON"

By accessing the Prospectus or acquiring any Notes or a beneficial interest therein, you shall
be deomed to have confirmed and represented to the Issuer, the Originato, the Management



cajamar

Company, the Arranger and the Lead Manager (each as defined below) and on which each of
such persons will rely without any investigation, that () you have understood the agreed
in relation

terms set out here; ) you are not U.S. Person, a Risk Retention U.S. Person or
to the offer, sale or delivery of the Notes, acting for the account or benefit of any such US.
Person or Risk Retention U.S. Person; () you will not acquire Notes or a beneficial interest

therein with a view to distribution; (l) you will not acquire Notes or a benefical interest
therein as part of a scheme to evade the requirements of the US. Risk Retention Rules.
(including acquiring such Note through a non-Risk Retention U.S. Person, rather than a Risk
Retention US. Person, as part of scheme to evade the 10 per cen, Ask Retention U.S Person.
limitation in the exemption provided for in Section 20 f the US, Risk Retemtion Rules described
hereln); and (u) you consent to delivery of the Prospactus by electronic transmission.

THIS PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND.
MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER AND, IN PARTICULAR, MAY NOT
BE FORWARDED TO ANY US. PERSON, RISE RETENTION US, PERSON OR TO ANY US.
ADDRESS. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN
WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY
RESULT IN_A VIOLATION OF THE SECURMIES ACT OR THE APLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER.
JURISOICTIONS.

The transaction wil not involve th retention by a securitizer f a least 5 per cent. of the credit
risk of the Issuer for the purposes of the US. Risk Retention Rules, but rather will be made in
reliance on a safe harbour provided for in Section 20 of the US. Risk Retemtion Rules regarding,
non-U.S. transaction. No other steps have been taken by the Issuer, the Orginator, the
"Management Company, the Arranger or the Lead Manager or any of their afltes or any other
party to othernise comply with the US. Risk Retention Rule, See "Certain Regulatory And!
IndlstryDislosures”.

You are reminded that the Prospectus has been delvered to you on the bass that you are a
person into whose possession the Prospectus may be lawfuly delivered in accordance with th
laws of the juisciction in which you are located and you may nat, nor are you authorised to,
dellverthe Prospectus to any other person.

he materials elatng to the ofering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with,
an offer or solication in any place where offers or oliciations are not permitted by law. If
Jrisdction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or desler and the lead
manager or any afíate of the lead manager ls licensed broker or dealer in tha jusdition, th
offering shall be deemed to be made by the lead manager or such afite on behalf of the Issuer
insuch juisdction.

The Prospectus has been sent to you in electronic format. You are reminded that documents
transmited via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic
transmission and consequenty neither the Management Company nor Banco Santander, SA. (the
Lead Manager") nor any person who controls the Management Company nor the Lead Manager
or any director, ofier, employee, agent or afíiate of any such person nor the Issuer nor the.
Originator accepls any abity or responsibty whatsoever in respect of any diference between
the Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format hereuith and the hard copy version
available to you on request from the Management Company and/or the Lead Manager,

None of the Lead Manager or the Arranger makes any representation, recommendation or
warranty, express or implis, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness
of the information contained herein or ín any further information, notice or other document.
which may at any time be supelied by the Issue in connection with the Notes and accordingy,
one of the Lead Manager or the Arranger accepts any responsibliy or liabiity therefore or any


iii) cajamar

responsibility or labity aising out of or in connection with any act or omission of the Issuer or

any third party

"None ofthe Lead Manager or the Arranger underakes to review the financial condition o affairs
of the Issuer nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information
coming to the attention of any oh Lead Manager or the Arranger,

"None of the Lead Manager or the Arranger or the Management Company or any person who,
controls any of them or any director, officer, employee, agent or afíllate of any of the Lead
Manager or the Arranger or the Management Company shall have any responsibiity for
determining the proper characteisation of potential investors in relation to any estriction under
the US, Risk Retention Rules or for determining the availabity of he safe harbour provided for in
Section 20 of the US. Risk Retention Rules, and none of the Lead Manager or Arranger or the.
Management Company or any person who controls any of them or any director, ofier,
employee, agent or affiliate of any of the Lead Manager or the Arranger or the Management.
Company accepts any liabity or responsiblity whatsoever for any such determination
Furthermore, none ofthe Lead Manager or Arranger or the Management Company or any person.
ho controls any of them or any directo, officer, employee, agent or afíiate of any of the Lead
Manager or Arranger or the Management Company provides any assurance that the safe harbour
provided forin Section 20 the U.S. Rsk Retention Rules wil be available

Nether the Arranger, the Lead Manager, the Management Company nor any of their respective
affilates accepts any responsbiity whatsoever for the contents of this document or for any
statement made or purported to be made by any of hem, or on any of their behalf, in connection
it the Issue or any offer of the securites described in the document. The Arranger, the Lead
"Manager, the Management Company and their respective affiates accordingly dsclaim all and!
any labilty whether rising in tor, contract, or otherwise which they might otherwise have in
respect of such document or any such statement. No representation or warranty express or
impliee, is made by any of the Arranger, the Lead Manager or their respectivo affiates as to the
accuracy, completeness,verification or sufficieney of the information set out in this document,


IMPORTANT NOTICE: MIFID 1! PRODUCT GOVERNANCE
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET.

Solely or the purposes of each manufacturers product approval process, the target market
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: () the positive target market
for the Notes s eliisle counterpartis and professional cients only, each as defined in MIFID
and () ll channels for distribution of the Notes to elgible counterpartis and professional cents
are appropriate. Therefore, the negative target market for the Notes are those investors which do
ot fall under the positive target market description, Any person subsequentiy offering, selling or
recommending the Notes should take into consideration the manufacturer” target market
assessment; however, a distibutor subject to MIFID lis responsible for undertaking ts own
target market ascesement in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the
manufacturers target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels


cajamar

RISK FACTORS. 2
1. RISKFACTORS SPECIFIC TO THE SECURITIES 2
HL RISKFACTORS RELATING TO ThE RECEWABLES BACKING THE ISSUE 1
HI. RISKFACTORS RELATING TO THE FUNO. 3
REGISTRATION DOCUMENT FOR SECURINES. 2
1. PERSONS RESPONSIBLE. 28
12. Persons esponsile fr the Information oppeoring ln the Registration Document 28
12. Declaration by those responsible jo he Registration Document 28
2. STATUTORY AUDITORS OF THEFUNO. 28
21. Name and address ofhe Fund's audios together with their membership n ny elevont
professional body 28
22. Financial ers, accounting principles and statutoryfling of omnual accounts 28
3. RISKFACTORS. 2
4. INFORMATION ABOUT THEISSUER. 2
42. Stotement that the Issur has been reoted os  securitiation fund. 2
42. Legaland commercial nome ofthe Fund. 2
43. Registration of ssuer 2
44. Date ofIncorporation and period of acti ofthe Fund. 2
45. Domicie and legal form of the Issue: law applicable thereo. as
48. Desceirionofthe amount of the Fund' authorised and Issue copita. 7
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW. 27
51. Descejtion ofthe Issues principal actviis 7
52 Globalovenewofthe partes o the securisoion program 7
6. ADMINISTRATIVE; MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES OF THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY .40
6x1. Corporate bodles of the Management Company. 40
7. PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS OF THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY 46
8.7 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILTIES, FINANCIAL POSIMON
AND PROSITS 8 LOSSES, as
81 Historico! financiol Information. 46
1.2.bis his paragraph moy be used only Jr Isues of assetsbocked securies havia a denomination per
"unit o a last 100,000. 46
82. Legalandarbitration proceesings 46
83. Mterial adverse change in the Issues financial posan 46
3.7 THIRDPARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENT BY EXPERTS AND STATEMENTS OF ANWY INTEREST ..46
91. Srotement or report attribute to a person o on expert 46
92. Information sourced from a third par. 46
10, DOCUMENTSON DISPLAY. 47
SECURITIES NOTE (ANEX XII OF REGULATION CE 809/2004) as
1. PERSONS RESPONSIBLE as
1... Persons responsible or the Information oppearing in the Securities Note and in the Additional
Bulldng Block .s


cajamar

12. Declaration by those responsible or the Securities Note and the Addltional Bullding lock.....48

2. RISKFACIORS. ae
3. KEYINFORMATION. 8
32. Interestof natural and legal persons involved in the Isue .s
32. Description any iteret, including confcts that moy be important to theIsue and detals of
the individuals involved and nature of such interest .
4. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING 0
Ax. Totalamount of the secure .
42, Description of type and loss of secure sl
43. Law under which the secuiis have been create, sl
44. Representation the securtes sl
45, Cumencyoftheisue. 52
45. Ranking. 52
47. Descrfption of the rights ottached o the secuiies and procedure for exercise of sldrigts....54
4, Nominal interest rate and proviionsrelating to interest poyable ss
42, Redemption of the secuniies 57
4.0. Indication of nvestor yeld and coculaion method se
411. Representation o he security holders. 6
4.12. Resolutlons, uthorisations and approvals by vrtue o which the securils are Issue 58
413. sue date. 59
414. Restrcions on free transferabllty of the secuiis 20
5. ADMISSION TO LISTING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS. 20
51. Indication of the market where the secure wil be sted aná traded. 20
52. Paying Agent and Depositoy Agents a
6. EXPENSES OF ADMISSION TO LISTING ANO TRADING. n
7. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. n
72. Persons nd enties advsing th issue. 2
72. Information inthe Securities Note reviewed by auditors 2
73. Statement or report atributed1o a person as an expert 2
74. Information sourcedfrom thld paris. 2
75. Ratings glven by rating agency 7

ADDITIONAL BUILDING BLOCK TO THE SECURITIES NOTE [ANNEX VII OF REGULATION (EC) NO 809/2004) ..74

11 Amountofthe issue 2
12. Confirmation that the Information relatin o on undertoking/debtor not involved in the issue has
Been reproduced, 2
2. THE UNDERLVING RECEIVABLES, 2
2. Confirmation that the Recelvable have the copaciy to produce Junds to service payments on the
secure 2
22. Recelvables hacking the sue. 2
23. Actively managed assets hacking the sue 05

24. Where an Isuerproposes to ssueJurher securtles backed by the some Recelvables, a prominent
statement to that effect nd description of how the holders o hat clss will be informed. 05


cajamar

3.7 STRUCTURE AND CASH FLOW. 105
31. Description] the structure of the transaction, ncluding  necessory, a diogram. 105
3.1.1. Diagram of the operation 105
32. Description o] the entiis pacipating in the issue aná description other Juneions...108
33. Description oJ the method and o the date of sae, transfer, novtion or assignment o he Assets
108

34. Explanation of the fund lows. 23
35... Name, address and significant business actvtles of the Originaor 128
35, Returnon and/or repayment o the security nked to others which oe not Recelvable o the.

32. Loan Servcer,colulation agent or equivalent 22
35... Name and address and brief description of any swap counterpartes and any providers of other

material forms o credi/Iquiity enhancement or accounts 109
4. POSTASSUANCE REPORTING. 09
4 Notficaion o/ the principal ond interest amounts due to the Noteholders 149
42 Pertodicollnformation 149
43. Oblgations to glve notice o ignfiant events 150
44 Reporting to the CNMV. 151
45 Reporting to the Rating Agencies 151
45. Notfication procedure. 151
47. Public information pursuantto Regulation EU 2017/2402. 151

DESINITIONS, 152


This document is he information memorandum (the "Prospectus") for IM BCC CAPITAL 1, FONDO
DE TITULIZACIÓN (the “Fund”) approved by and registered with the Comisión Nacional del
"Mercado de Valores (Spanish Securities Market Commission, “CNMUV”) on 13 December 2038, in
accordance with the provisions of Commision Regulation (EC) No 803/2004 of 28 Apr 2004, as
amended (“Regulation 809/2004"), which includes the following:

1. A description of the man risk factors relating to the issue, to the securitis and to the
ssets backing the issue (the “Risk Factors):

2. A registration document for the securitis, prepared in accordance with Annex VII of
Regulation 809/2008 (the “Registration Document”);

3. A securities note prepared in accordance with Annex XII f Regulation 809/2004 (the
Securities Note");

4. An additional module to the Securities Note prepared in accordance with the module
provided forin Annex VI of Regulation 809/2004 (the “Additional Building Block) and

5. Aglossaryofdefiitons (the “Definitions used in this Prospectus,


cajamar

IM BCC CAPITAL 1, FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN
RISK FACTORS

THE PURCHASE OF NOTES MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS AND BE SUITABLE ONLY FOR INVESTORS
WHO HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS MATTERS NECESSARY TO
ENABLE THEM TO EVALUATE THE RISKS ANO THE MERITS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES. PRIOR TO
MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER CAREFULLY AND IN.
LIGHT OF THEIR OWN FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBIECTIVES ALL THE
INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THIS PROSPECTUS AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET
FORTH BELOW.

PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD (A) MAKE SUCH INQUIRIES AND INVESTIGATIONS AS THEY DEEM.
APPROPRIATE AND NECESSARY AND (8) REACH THEIR OWN VIEWS PRIOR TO MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT DECISIONS WITHOUT RELYING ON THE ISSUER OR ANY OF THE ARRANGER OR ANY OF THE
LEAD MANAGER OR ANY OTHER PARTY REFERRED TO HEREIN.

IT SHOULD BE REMEMBERED THAT THE PRICE OF SECURINIES AND THE INCOME DERIVING FROM THEM.
MAY INCREASE AS WELL AS DECREASE.

THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT INTENDED TO FURNISH LEGAL, REGULATORY, TAX, ACCOUNTING,
INVESTMENT OR OTHER ADVICE TO ANY PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER OF THE NOTES.

THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY OF CERTAIN FACTORS WHICH PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD
CONSIDER BEFORE DECIDING TO PURCHASE ANY NOTES. THE FOLLOWING STATEMENTS ARE NOT
EXHAUSTIVE; PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE REQUESTED TO CONSIDER ALL THE INFORMATION IN THIS
PROSPECTUS, MAKE SUCH OTHER ENQUIRIES AND INVESTIGATIONS AS THEY CONSIDER APPROPRIATE.
AND REACH THEIR OWN VIEWS PRIOR TO MAKING ANY INVESTMENT DECISIONS. THESE FACTORS ARE
CONTINGENCIES WHICH MAY OR MAY NOT OCCUR, AND THE ISSUER IS NOT IN A POSITION TO EXPRESS
A VIEW ON THE LIKELIHOOD OF ANY SUCH CONTINGENCY OCCURRING.

l-— RISKFACTORS SPECIFIC TO THE SECURMIES
(0 Originators Call Options

The Originator wil have the option to repurchase at its own disretion all outstanding.
Recelvables and hence instruct the Management Company to carry out an Early
Redemption for the entire isue of the Notes in whole (but not in part) fa Clean-up Call
event, Regulatory Change Event or Tax Change Event occur subject to certain conditions
assetforthin section 4.4.2 of the Registration Document,

Any repurchases by the Originator under the Call Options will cause the Issuer to make.
payments of pricipal on each Class of Notes earlier than expected and will shorten the.
maturity of such Class. Y principal is repaid on any o Class o Notes earlier than expected,
Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the principal in 3 comparable security with an
effective interest rate equivalent to the interes ate on the relevant Clas of Notes.

li) vieldand duration

The cakulation of the average life, ield and duration of the Notes set forth in section
20 of the Securities Note is subject to, inter al, estimates of Receivables prepayment
rates that may nat materilis, as well as future market interest rates, gen the variable
mature of nominal interest rates, defaults and recoveries. The loan prepayment rate is
also influenced by a variety of economic and social actors such as market interest rates,


0)

iii) cajamar

default rates redemption rates the economic situation and social factors of the Debtors
andthe overal level of economic activity, which makes forecating impossible.

No guarantee can be given as to the level of prepayments (in part or in ful) that the
Receivables may experience,

Faster than expected prepayment rates on the Loans will cause the Issuer to make
payments of principal on the Notes earlier than expected and wil shorten the maturity of
such Notes.

If principal of the Notes is repaid earlier than expected, Noteholders may not be able to
reinuestthe principal in a comparable security with an ofectve interest rate equivalent
to the interest rate on the Notes, Simlaly, if principal repaid on the Notes later than
expected due to lower rates of principal repayments and/or prepayments than expected
on certain Recelvables, Notoholders may lose reinvestment opportunities. Noteholders
il bear all reinvestment risk resulting from receiving payments of pricipal on the Notes
earlier or late than expected,

Absence of or limite liquidity and market value of Notes

Although application wil be made for the Notes to be admite to the AAF Fised Income
Market [AIAF Mercado de Renta Fo, SA.) ("AIAF") and trading on its regulated market,
liquidity o a secondary market for the Notes could be limited or absent and there is mo
guarantee that the Notes will be traded on the market with 3 minimum frequency or
volume.

There is no commitment by any entity to engage in secondary trading to provide lquiity
tothe Notes,

Moreover, there can be no assurance that there wil be bids and offers for the Notes and
that a liquid secondary market for each and all Classes of the Notes or, ¡ft develops, that
it provides sufiientliqidity to absorb any bid, or that it wi continue for the whole life
ofthe Notes.

Limited iquiity in the secondary market for asset-backed securitis such as the Notes
has had a serious adverse effect on the market value of asset:backed secuitie. Limited
liquiity in the secondary market may continue to have a serious adverse effect on the
market value ofasset- backed securtis such as the Notes, especialy hos secuits that
are more sensitive to prepayment, credit o interest rate risk and those securtis that
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of
investors

In addition, prospective investors should be aware of the prevailng and widely reported
global credit market conditions (uhich continue at the date hereo)the market values of
the Notes may fluctute depending on changes in market conditions. Any such fuctuation
may be significant and could result in significant losses to investors in the Notes
¡Consequentiy, any sale of Notes by Noteholders in any secondary market transaction may
be at a discount to the original purchase price of such Notes. Accordingly, Investors
should be prepared to remain invested in the Notes until the Legal Maturity Date of the
Fund

Default interest

Deferred payments of principal or interest wi not accrue default interest in favor of the
Noteholders nor imply capitlization of the deb


(0

ta

iii) cajamar

Subordination of the Notes

On any Payment Date before a Subordination Event ocurs, the Class A Notes, the Class
Notes, the Class C Notes and Class D Notes will amortisepro.rata according to Priority of
Payments established in section 3.453. of the Additional Buiding Block

Upon occurrence of Subordination Event:

- Class B8 Notes, Class C Notes, Class Notes and Class E Notes wil be subordinated to
Class A Notes, Therefore, the eimbursement of principal for Class 8 Notes, Class C
Notes, Class D Notes and Class E Notes will be subordinated to those for Class A
Notes.

- Class C Notes, Class D Notes and Class E Notes will be subordinated to Cass A Notes
and Class B Notes, Therefore, he relmbursement of principal for Class C Notes, Cass
D Notes and Clase E Notes wil be subordinated to those for Class Notes and Class
Notes.

- Class D Notes and Class E Notes wil be subordinated to Class A Notes, Clas 8 Notes
“and Class C Notes. Therefore, the reimbursement of principal for Clas D Notes and!
Class E Notes will be subordinated to those for Class C Notes, Class B Notes and Class
ANotes.

- Class E Notes wil be subordinated to Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Cass C Notes and
Class D Notes. Therefore, the reimbursement of principal for Cass E Notes will be.
subordinated to those for Class D Notes, Class C Notes, Cass B Notes and Class A
Notes.

"Notwithstanding the above, ts expected that Class E Notes is amortsedlinearly in eight
(8) equal principal instalments according to the Class E Redemption Amount

Adiitionally, (1) the payment of Interest of Class B Notes, Class € Notes, Class D Notes and
Class E Notes issubordinated to the payment of interest of las A Notes; the payment
af interest of Class C Notes, Class D Notes and Class E Notes is subordinated to the
payment of interests of Clas A Notes and Class 8 Notes; (ii) the payment of interest of
Class D Notes and Cass E Notes issubordinated to the payment of interests of Clas A
Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes; (1) the payment of interest o Clas E Notes is
subordinated to the payment of interests of lass A Notes, Cass B Notes, Cass € Notes
and Class D Notes.

The subordination rules among the different Classes are established in the Priority of
Payments and in the Liquidation Priority of Payments in accordance with section 3.4.6 of
the Additional Builéing Block

Exercise ofthe Regulstory Change Call Option or the Tax Change Call Option
Throughout the le of the Notes, the Origintor with respect to a Regulatory Change
Event may be at iskfrom a change of law or regulation which has a material aduerse on

the rate of return on capitl of the Originator or materially reducos the benefít to the
riginatorofthetransactions contemplated under this Prospectus.

Furthermore, the Issuer with respect to a Tax Change Event may be at risk from a change
flaw or regulation which materaly increases the cost or impose withhoing obligations
on the lesuer

In any of the three possible situations regulated in section 4.4.2 of the Registration
Document (including a Regulatory Change Event or a Tax Change Event) the Originator
may offer to repurchase all of the outstanding Recelvables in accordance with the
referred section of the Registration Document. the conditions for the Originator to
repurchase the Recelvables are met, the Issuer shall, upon due exercise by the Originator


(0)

0)

iii) cajamar

of any relevant Cal Option, redeem the Notes in full in accordance with section 4.4.3.2 of
the Registration Document, subject to there being suficient proceede from the Buybacl:
Value together with the est of Available Funds to redeem Class A Notes, Class 8 Notes,
Class € Notes and Class D Notes in full and to pay all amounts ranking prior thereto in
accordance with the Liquidation Priority of Payments.

The Notes may not be a suitable investment for allinuestors

"he issue ls addressed solely to qualiedinvestors as defined in Article 39 of Royal Decres.

1310/2005.

The Notes are complex securities and investors should possess, or seek the advice of

advisers with, the expertise necessary to evaluate the information contained in this

Prospectus in the context of such Investors individual financial ciumstances and!

tolerance for risk. An investor should not purchase Notes unless it understands the

principal repayment, credit, liqidty, market and other risks associated with the Notes.

In particular, each potential inuestor should:

(0 havesuffiient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the
Notes, the merit and risks of investing in the Notes and the information
contained in this Prospectus;

(1) have accessto, and knowledge ol, approprite analytical tools to evaluate, in the

context ofits particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes andthe
impact the Notes vil have on its overall investment portfolio;

(Vi) have sufiient financial resources and liqidity to bear al ofthe risks of an
investmentin the Notes;

(1) understand thoroughl the terms of he Notes and be familiar with the
behaviours of any relevant indices and financial markets; and

lv) beableto evaluate (eitheralone or with the help of financial adviser) possible
scenarios for economie, interest ate and other factor that may afectits
investment and ts ability to bearthe applicable rs

The Notes are lmited recourse instruments and there can be no assurance that the
Noteholders wil receive the full amounts payable at any time by the Fund under the
Notes or that they wi receive any return on their investment in the Notes. Additional e
should be noted that the price of the Notes and the income derving from them may
increase as well as decrease.

either the Issuer nor the Management Company nor the Lead Manager or the Arranger
is acting as an investment advisr, or assumes any fiduiaryobligation, to any investor in
the Notes and investors may not rely on any such entity.

Nelther the Arranger nor the Lead Manager have undertaken to review the financial
condition or affairs o the Fund during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this
Prospectus, orto advise any investor or potential invstor in the Notes of any information
thats not included in this Prospectus that comes to the attention ofthe Lead Manager or
the Arranger.

Rating ofthe Notes.

The credit risk ofthe Class A Notes, Class Notes and Class C Notes has been assessed by
the rating agencies Fitch and DBRS (the “Rating Agencies). Fitch has also ssessed the.
creci riscof Class D Notes,


0)

0)

il) cajamar

The Rating Agencies may revise, suspend or withdraw the final ratings assigned to the
Notes at anytime, based on any information that may come to their attention

Therefore, these ratings are not and camot be construed in any way as an invitation,
recommendation or encouragement to investrs to proceed to engage in any transaction
whatsoever in the Notes and, in particular, to acquire, keep, encumber or sell those.
Notes.

In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using credit ratings for
regulatory purposes under Regulation 1060/2009, unless such ratings are issued by a
credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under Regulation 1050/2009
(and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspendec). Such general restrition
also applies in the case o credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the
relevant non:£U rating agency is certified in accordance with Regulation 2060/2009 (and
such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or
suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European.
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA) on its website in accordance with Regulation
1060/2009 is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included
in such ls, as there may be delays between certain superdisory measures being taken
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of he updated ESMA list. Cetain
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings s set out ín this
Prospecta.

In addition to the foregoing, unsolicited ratings could be published in respect of the
Notes. If such unsolicited ratings are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to the.
Notes by the Rating Agencies, those unsoliited ratings could have an adverse effect on
the value ofthe Notes.

"Non contirmation ofthe provisional ratings ofthe Notes.

Should the provisional rating of the Class A Notes and/or Clas B Notes and/or Class C
Notes and/or Class D Notes nat be confirmed as final prior to or on the Disbursement.
Date the Notes wi not be disbursed, and the Fund as well as the contrats executed by
the Management Company on behalf of the Fund shall be terminated, on the terms set
forthin Section 4.45 ofthe Registration Document.

FEurosystem elgbiity

he Class A Notes are intended to be held in a manner that wil allow for their elgibiity
within the Eurosystem. This means that lt ls intended for the Class A Notes to be
deposited with one of Ibercear, Euraclear ar Clearstream upon the isuance thereof and
does not necessarly mean that the Class A Notes wil be recognised by the Eurosystem as
elgible colateral for Eurospstem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations
('Eurosystem Eliible Collateal” either upon isue or at any or all times during its term.
Such recognition wil, inter aia, depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem elgbiity
eriteria set out in the Guideline of the European Central Bank (the “ECB") of 20
September 2011 on monetary policy instruments and procedures of the Eurosystem
(recast) (EC8/2011/14) as amended and applicable at any particular time (the
“Guideline"). In addition, for as long as the Class A Notes are intended to be held in a
manner alowíng for Eurosystem eligiblity, the Loan Servicer will make loan-level data
available in the manner required by the ECB to comply with the Eurosystem eligbiity
eriteia, subject to aplicable data protection rule,

(On 15 December 2010 the Governing Council ofthe ECB decided to establish oan-by-10an
information requirements for assetbacked securties in the Eurosystem colateral

6


0)

if) cajamar

lfthe Clas A Notes do not satisy the criteria specified by the ECS, ori the Management
¡Company fil to submi: he required loan leve dat, the Class A Notes wi not be eigible
collterl for the Eurosystem. Each of the Issuer, the Management Company, the Lead
Manager and the Arranger gives no representation, warranty, confirmation or guarantee
to any investorin the Class A Notes that the Clas A Notes wi, either upon issue or at any
rat alltimes during ts term, saisfy all or any requirements for Eurosystem eigiblity and
be recognised as Eurosystem Elige Colateral. Any potential investor in the Class A
Notes should make its own conclusions and seek its own advice with respect to whether
or otthe Class A Notes constitute Eurosystem Eligble Collteral.

Brexit

The United Kingdom held a referendum on 23 June 2016 in which a majority voted to exit
the European Union ("Brexit') and on 29 March 2017 the United Kingdom gave formal
notice under Artie 50 of the Treaty on European Union of its intention to leave the
European Union. The timing of the UK'S exi from the EU remains subject to some
uncertainty, but ts unlkel o be before March of2015. The effects of Brexi il depend
on any agreements the United Kingdom makes to retain access to European Union
markets either during a trnsitional period or more permanenth. Brexi may adversely
affect European or worldwide economic or market conditions and may contribute to
instabilty in global financial and foreign exchange markets. In addition, Brexit may lead to
legal uncertainty and potentialy divergent national laws and regulations as the United
Kingdom determines which European Union laws to replace or replcate. As such, no
assurance can be given that Brexi wil not adversey affect the market value of the Notes
and/or the ablity ote Isuer to satiiy ts obligations under the Notes

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE RECEIVABLES BACKING THE ISSUE

0

Risk of non-payment of the Receivables

The Noteholders will assume the risk of non-payment of the Recelvables assigned to the
Fund. Noither the Orignator nor the Isuer guarantees or warrants the full and timely
Payment by the Debtors of any sums payable under the Loans. The ability of any Debtor
to make timely payments of amounts due under the relevant Loan will mainly depend on
its, his or her assets and labiities as well as their ablty to generate sufficient income to
make the required payments. The Debtors" abit to generate income may be adversely
affected by a large number of factors. However, credit enhancement measures have been
implemented as described in section 3.42 0fthe Additional Building Block.

The Orignatorassumes no ability for non-payment of the Debtors, whether for principal,
interest, or any other amount they may due under the Recevables, According to atile


) cajamar

348 of the Spanish Commercial Code (Código de Comercio), the Oriinator wil ony be
liabe vis vis the Fund for the existence and legitimacy o the Receivable at the time of
the assignment and under the terms and conditions stated in this Prospectus and in the
Deedof Incorporatio, as well as for the legal status pursuant to which the assgnment is
made.

Lkewise, the Originator will not grant colateral or bank guarantees, whether pursuant to
the Deed of Incorporation or this Prospectus or any other agreement to secure the
Payments by the Debtors under the Recelvables,

The Originator declars and warrants o the Fund some conditions and characteristics of
the Loans, as indicated in section 22.8 of the Additional Bulling Black. Likewise, the
riginator assumes the commitments provided under sections 22.9, 335 and 372 of
the Additional Bullding Black related to the substtution of the Receivables which do not
onform to the conditions and characteristics contained in section 22. of the Additional
Buslding Black at the Date of Incorporation, as well as to the responsbiity of the
assignment. Additionally, as counterparty to other agreements, it will assume the
commitments related to the credit enhancement measures described in section 3.42 of
the Additional Building Black and, and its oblígations s Loan Servcer.

The detal related to the deliquency in the Originator credit portfolio ae included in
the folowing table and in section 3.5 of the Adcitional Building Block. The information
related to the delinquency in repayment of the Recevables shall be taken ino
consideraton when analysing the transaction

JLT AND INDIVIDUAL HED'

eta BA 17%
Provsion for delinquentoblorinsolvency 1009552 — 1284173 1485307
Simple defautheaging" 03688 paz 03827
Hedginginluing ral guaratees"» 09m 197 108

Total hesgingarnged (Akin tt
Total Megan aranges (Rin def wi el usrnte/ Ain detal

definition l Deaul inde in the glossary ol deiiions o tisProspecus Fortis purgoses default refers

The information included in this table has been obtained from the audited Annual
Accounts of Cajamar Caja Rural, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito ("Cajamar")
corresponding to the financial years ending in 2017 and 2016,

Riskcof prepayment of the Recelvables

The Loans pooled ito the Fund are subject to prepaymentifthe Debtors make an eary
repayment upon the terms set forth in each of the Loan from which the Recelvables
derive.


7)

Mm

iii) cajamar

"Loans" means each of the loans included in the Preliminary Portfolio that Cajamar has
granted to small and medium size businesses located in Spsin and to self-employed
individual, in order to finance their business activities and from which the Recelvables
assigned or susceptible of being assigned to the Fund originate,

The prepaid amounts will be transferred quarterly, on each Payment Date, to the

Noteholders through the amortisation of the Notes, in accordance with the rules
established in section 4.9 of he Securities Note for the distribution of Available Funds. In
this sense, the Notes wil be fuly redeemed on dates it is not possible to foresee as,
among other factors, these depend on the prepayments of the Loans, Section 4.10 of the
Securities Note includes diferent scenarios for the amortiation of the Notes, calculated
on the basis of diferent prepayment rate hypotheses.

Limited protection

An investment in Notes may be affected by, inter alía, a deterioration in general
economic conditions having an adverse effect on the payments under the Loans backing
the issue o the Notes by the Fund, In he event that payment defaults should reach gh
level, they could reduce, or even eliminato, the protection against losses in the Loan
Portfolio enoyed by the Notes asa result the credit entancements described in section
3412 of the Additional Building Block. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the risk of the
Noteholders is mitigated by the Priority of Payments described in secton 34.63 of the
AdgitionalBuliding Block

Fixed and floating interest rates

Fiued interest rate Loans (including, for the avcidance of doubt, fixed revisable Loans)
represent a total of 15,920 Loans which represent 31,55% of the Outstanding Balance of
the Preliminary Portfolio, with an Outstanding Balance of the Receivables of
354,233,325.74 Euros. Floating interest rate Loans represent a total of 5,944 Loans which
represent 30% of the Outstanding Balance of the Preliminary Portfolio, with an
Outstanding Balance of the Receivables of 345,388,688.60 Euros and with reset periode
ranging between 3 months and 1 year. Finaly, 5,411 Loans with an Outstanding Balance
of 423,003,407.35 Euros, representing 37.67% of the total Outstanding Balance of the
Preliminary Portfolio, ae ficed and floating Loans, that have an initial ise interest rate
period ranging between 1 and 5 years, after which their interest rate wil reset in periods
ranging between 3 months and 1 year (except one loan with an Outstanding Balance of
8,692.51 Euros where its reset period is3 years)

Although the Fund wil not enter into interest swap transactions, the potential risk
described above wil be mitigated by the credit enhancement measures described in
section 3.42 ofthe Additional Building Block and in particular, with the Reserve Fund.

Minimum interest rates (foors)

As detailed in section 2.22 of the Additional Building Block, in relation to the interest
rates applicable to the Loans, a total of 16,621 Loans with an Outstanding Balance of
502,387.407.52 Euros, representing 44.75% of the total Outstanding Balance of the
Preliminary Portfolio, are Loans with a foor interest rat.

The average rate of Loans in the Preiminary Portfolio, in the event that all minimum
interest rates are achieved, is 2.67%, Some recent judicial rulings (such s the ruin of the
European Court of Justice of 21 December 2016, which considered abusive and invalid
certain floor clases used in financing agreements and declared the fall retroactviy of
such invaidity) could have set the basis for the non-appliction f the floor interest rates
th effect from the date of execution of the relevant Loan. Taking into consideration the.


(

0)

(in

iii) cajamar

recent tendency of the Spanish courts in considering abusive certain causes, some
ciauses of the Loans may be considered abusive in the future, this having 3 potential
impact ( on the recovery of the amounts due in accordance with the relevant Loan or (1)
on the execution of the said Loa.

16, as a consequence of the above, an Early Liquidation of the Fund is trggered in
accordance with section 44.3 of the Registration Document, the Liquidation Priority of
Payments described in section 3.5.4 of the Additional Builéing Black il apply.

In this regard, the Deed of Incorporation wil envisage certain provisions in order to
mitigate the effects of a potential invalidtion or cancellaion of the flor clases under
the Loans, More specifically, the Deed of Incorporation wil provide that any invalidation
or cancellation of the floor interest rates under any of the Loans wil only affect the Fund
from the date on which such cancellation or invalidity is decreed by judgment, with the
Originator assuming any compensation that might correspond to the Debtor of the
relevant Loan.

Discounts on interest rate

In accordance with the information detailed in section 222 of the Additional Building
Block, 87.45% of the Outstanding Balance of the Preliminary Portfolio includes the
possibility of interes rate discounts being applied to the Loans, subject to the level of
cross selling activity of Cajamar with the Debtor. Such circumstance afects both fixed and
foating interest rate Loans, Therefore, there is a rsk that n the future interest rates
applicable to Loans affected by those discounts may fall below their curent levels, The
information detailed in section 22.2 of the Additional Building Block, related to current
rates and margins, has been included applying current discounts. Lkewise, the
information includes the weighted average maximum discount for each discount tranche
as a measure of such risk, The average rate of floating interest rate Loans in the
Preliminary Portfolio, in the event that al discounts are applied and guaranteed minimum
rates are achieved, is 2.36%. The average rate of mixed rate Loans in the Preliminary
Portfli, in the event that all discounts are applied and guaranteed minimurn rates are
achieved, ls 2.16%. The average interest rate of the ficed interest rate loans in the
Preliminary Portfolio, inthe event that al discounts are applied and guaranteed minimum
rates are achieued, ls 2.14%. The average rate of both (fixed, mixed and floating interest
rate loans) in the Preliminary Portfolio, in the event that all discounts are applied and
guaranteed minimum rates are achieved, is 2.53%,

Guarantees securing the Loans

As of 11 November 2018, 71.52% of the Outstanding Balance of the Preliminary Portfolio
amounting 802,854,835.27 Euros correspondsto Loans secured by personal guaranteos or
in-rem security interests other than mortgage, of which this Prospectus does not include
detailed information. Such additional guarantees, other than the personal guarantee of
the relevant Debtor and the in rem right of mortgage (in case of Mortgage Loans), can be
personal, guarantees granted by third parties, or ín rem security, and may not be
recordable in any public registry.

Lkewise, 28.48% of the Outstanding Balance of Recelvables amounting 319,770,585.42
Euros are related to Loans secured by a mortgage. This information s included in section
22.2 0fthe Additional Building Block.

LIV Ratio

As specified in section 22.2 of the Adeáional Building Block in relation to the Mortgage.
Loans, the weighted average LTV Ratio ofthe Preliminary Portfolio s 53.66%,


(0

e

ca

il) cajamar

In order to calculate the weighted average LTV of the Preliminary Portfolio only the
properties appralsed by appraisers authorised and approved by Bank of Spain have been
considered. In addition, Mortgage Loans with an LTV above 100% or an appraial value
lower or equal to the outstanding balance of previous encumbrances have been excluded
from the calculation. Section 2.2.7 of the Additional Building Block detal the granting
policia of the Loans, incluing securitiesconsideratins

“The apgraisal values used o calculate the LTV Ratio are the most updated ones available,
in accordance with section 2.2.6 of the Additional Building Block.

Sector concentration

“The most relevant sectors of activity of the Debtors included in the Preliminary Portfolio
on 11 November 2018, are the “Agriculture crop and animal production, hunting and
related service activities" sector, representing a 47.75% ofthe Outstanding Balance of the
Preliminary Portfolio (9,050 Loans with an Outstanding Balance of 536,092,044.39) and
the “Wholesale trade, except of motor vehicles and motoreyces” sector, with 7.69% of
the Outstanding Balance of the Preliminary Portfolio (1,665 Loans with an Outstanding
Balance of 86.367.470,04), according to the information included in section 2.2.2 of the
Adéitional Buiding Block. These two sectors joitly represent 55.45% of the Preliminary
Portfolio.

Given these levels of sectorial concentration, also described in section 222 of the
Adéitional Building Block, any negative event affecting these sectors could negativey
impactthe payments of he Receivables backing the issued Notes.

Year of origination concentration

On 11 November 2018, 16.26% of the Outstanding Balance of the Preliminary Portfolio
amounting €182,520,648.40 correspond to Loans granted in 2015, 22.10% of the
Outstanding Balance of the Reccivables amounting €248,048,13275 correspond to Loans
granted in 2016 and 35.98% of the Outstanding Balance of the Preliminary Portfolio
amounting £403,923,509.63 correspond to Loans granted in 2017. Joint, these three
years represent 74.33% ofthe Outstanding Balance of the Preliminary Portfolio,

"his information is provided in section 22.2 of the Additional Building Bloc.
¡Geographical concentration of the Debtors

As specified in section 2.2.2 of the Additional Bullding Block, the geographical regions that
show a greater concentration f the Outstanding Balance of the Preliminary Portfolio are
the following: Andalusia: 38.82%, Valencian Community: 18.56% and Murcia: 17.42%,
representing a total of 74.81%

In relation to the Mortgage Loans, the relevant autonomous regulation shall be
considered, including the following:

Murcia

Regional Law 6/2015, o 24 March, on Housing inthe Region of Murcia (Ley 6/2015, de 24
dle marzo, dela Vivienda de la Región de Murcia) (the "Regional Law 6/2015"), amended
by regional Law 10/2016, etabliehs in ts Articles 59 and ss. a set of measures to prevent
evitions that may result in homelessness. More specifically rior to the acquistion of the
property by means of compensation agreements (acuerdos de compensación), in lev of
payment agreements [acuerdos de dación en pago) of loans or credits secured by a
mortgage over a primary residence, or, pror to the execution af the sale and purchase
agreement of a property mortgaged, the lender is obliged to offer the borrowers a
subsidized lease agreement over a house with a duration of at least three years, when


iii) cajamar

such borrowers do not have an alternative residence and are at risk of homelessess.
Once the offer has been made, on in the event of rejetion of such proposal the lender
may foreclose the mortgage. in this sense, the oblgation to propose a subsidied lease
and ts acceptance by the debtor could delay the Fund's collections resulting from the sale
of the foreclosed properties, and it could even reduce the final amounts received under
this concep.

Valencian Community

Regional Law 2/2017, of3 February, for the social function ofthe housing of th Valencian
Community ("Ley 2/2027, de 3 de febrero, por la función social de la vivienda de la
Comunitat Valenciana”) (the "Regional Law 2/2017") enacts the creation of a new
obligtion for any acquier of a residential property from the forectosure of a mortgage
afterthe resolution fa loan agreement granted to finance the purchase ofhat property,
due to a breach by the borrower, when the property is hi primary and only residence,
and that obligor is considered to he in special social emergency circumstances (in
accordance with the criteria established by such Regional Law 2/2017, among which is
that the loan was issued to effect the obligors right to a residential home). Such new
obligtion binds the acquirerto enter with the obligor, if the latter decides o do so, in 3
subsidiaed renting agreement with a purchase option according to conditions set out in
Regional Law 2/2017, withthe objective to avoid eiction

Given the levels of concentration, any negative event affecing these geographical regions
could negatively impact the Loans from which the Receivable derive.

Impact of Law 1/2013

The current text of Law 1/2013, 0/14 May, on measures to trengthen the protections for
mortgage debtors, debtrestructuring and ocial rent ("Law 1/2013"), as amendid by Law
25/2015, of 28 July, on the second-chance mechanism, reduction of financial burden and
other social measures ("Law 25/2015) as amendied by Royal Decree 5/2017 of 17 March,
consists of four Sections that introduce a set of measures that could afectthe Mortgage
Loans.

As a result of the foregoing, the Fund, as the holder of Receivables derived from the
Mortgage Loans, may be affected by, among other things, () a delay in delivery of
possession of the common property awarded due to the interuption, for up to seven (7)
years, of the relocatio of the occupants thereof in situations of special vulnerabiity, (1)
delay in collection ofthe Receivabls transorred, with a possble prolonged period for the
foreclosure proceedings, whether in court or outofcour, and (ii) obtaining amounte
resulting from sueh foreclosure processes lower than could have been obtained until now
ue to, among other things, the limit on the applicable maximum default interest rate,
that shall not be greater than three times the legal interest rate nd shall only be accrued
ver the outstanding balance of the loan,
In connection with Setion IV of Law 1/2013, t should be noted that Cajamar has adhered
to the amendments to the Code of Good Practice endorsed by the aforementioned Law
1/2013 on 21 October 2014. The Code of Good Practice contains a set of measures that
may affect the recovery of the unpaid Mortgage Loans and, therefore, may affect the
Fund, in particular
The restruturing of the debt foreseen in the Cade of Good Practice could delay the
repayment o the debt fa grace period in the repayment of the principal is granted
and there ls a deferral on the repayment calendar. Likewise, if he interest rate is
reduced during the grace period this would reduce the due amounts claimable by the.
Fan,

2


il) cajamar

The writeoff in the outstanding balance, in accordance with the Code of Good
Practice, would reduce the due amounts claimableby the Fund,

The payment in kind as an alternative measure of the foreclosure proceedings, in
accordance with the Code of Good Practice, would entala total cancelation of the
mortgaged debt and the related personal liablty of the debtor and third parts.

The right of the debtor under the mortgage o request the creditor the rental of th
housing for a period of one year including the option to extend the rental up to five
(5) years with a maximum annual rent of 3% of the value of the house at the time of
the approvalofthe adjusication of the asset.

As a result, to the extent that the Management Company acknowledges and agrees that
Cajamar has adhered to the amendments to the Code of Good Practice, the Fund may be
affected by the measures set out therein (uhich are applicable 10 the entire portfolio of
loans, including the Mortgage Loans), and which may entll an extension of the period for
foreciosureproceedings and cause a loss in the value of the Mortgage Loans.

In addition, it should be noted that there is draft law on real estate credit contracts
(Anteproyecto de Ley de Contratos de Crédito Inmobiliario) which would amend the
Spanish Mortgage Law the “Draft Real Estate Credit Contract Law”) which s expected to
be enacted in a near date, The Draft Real Estate Credit Contract Law is expected to,
“amongst others, regulate the default interest to be charged on loans secured with real
estate mortgages granted to individuals (uhether acting as consumer or not). According
to the current drating of this Draft Real Estate Credit Contract Law, default interest shall
be equalto three (3) imes the legal interest apgliable.

"Note that this would app to any mortgage loan secured with mortgages over residential
real estate properties, no matter ft qualiie as main residence ofthe Debtor.

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE FUND

0

Absence oflegal status of the Fund. Limitation of legal actions against the Management
Company

The Fund constitute a separate estate of asset and lbiitis, latin lega status, which
is managed by the Management Company in accordance with Law 5/2015. The Fund's
liabilty for ts obligations vis ¿vis its creditorswil be limited in recourse to the extent of
Hasta,

The Noteholders and the Other Crediors of the Fund may only bring an action against the
Fund's Management Company in the case of a breach o ts duties or fllue to observe
the provisions o the Deed of Incorporation or this Prospectus.

The Noteholders and the Other Creditos of the Fund will not have any rights f action
either against the Fund or against the Management Company in the event of payment
default of the amounts due from the Fund ariing out of (the existence of delinquency
in repayment or payment default under the Loans, () the failure to comply with their
duties by the Oriinato, the Servicer or by any other counterparty to the transactions
entered into with the Fund, or () the insufiiency of the credit enhancement derived
fromthestructure implemented according to this Prospectus

Mandatory replacement of the Management Company

fte Management Company is declared insolvent or its authorisation to operate as 2
management company of securtisation funds is revoked, without prejudice to the effects
of such insolvency as described below, the Management Company shall find a substitute
management company. four (4) months have elapsed from the occurrence of the event


0)

iii) cajamar

requiring the substituion and a new management company that is prepared to take over
the management of the Fund has not been found, an Early Liquidatio of the Fund will e.
triggered and the Liquidation Priority of Payments wilapaly

Applicablity of the Insolvency Act
Originator

Pursuant to the provisions of the Second Adkítional Provision of Law 22/2003 of 9 July
(the “Insolvency Act”) the insolvency provsions of Law 5/2015 wl apply.

Therefore, the assignment of the Receivables to the Fund may be subject to rescission
pursuant to the provisons of the Insolvency Act and special regulations applicable to
securitiation funde,

By vitue of Article 16 of Law 5/2015 (by reference to the 4" additional provision of Law
5/2015 and Articles 10 and 15 of Law 2/1981), the assignment of the Recelvables
transferred to the Fund may only be rescinded or chalenged under Article 71 of the
Insolvency Act by the insolvency administration and in so challenging, the insolvency
administration will have to prove the existence of fraud in the assgament.

In addition in the event of the insolveney of the Origintor, all Fund assets held by the
Originator, except for cash due to the fungble nature thereol, wil become the property
af the Fund and must be made avalable under the terms of Articles 80 and 81 of the
Insolvency Act

Notwithstanding the above, this Prospectus and the Deed of Incorporation envisage
certain mechanisms almed at mitigatng the aforementioned effets in relation to cash
dueto ts fungiole nature

According to the interpretation of a majority o legal scholar regarding Artiles 80 and 81
of the Insolveney Act f the Orginator is decared insolvent, monies received and held
hereby an behalí of the Fund in lts capacity as counterpanty to certain agreement
entered into before the date of decaration of insolvency may be affected by the resulte
fthe insolvency.

Management Compony:

In the event of insolvency of the Management Company, it must be replaced by another
management company in accordance with the provisions o Article 33 of Law 5/2015.

In the event of the insolvency of the Management Company, as applicable, any asets of
the Fund that are n the possession of the Management Company, and with respect to
which the later has no right of use, surety or retention (except for cash due to fs
fungible nature) and that form part of the latte' ssets wil be construed as belonging to
the Fund, and the insolvency admvinistrators must deller them to the Fund. In practice,
dueto the cash flow arrangeents in this transaction, and except in the event of breach
by the Management Company of the terms of the relevant agreements, no cash amounts
will become part of the assets of the Management Company given tha, as provided in
the terms set forth ín the Deed of Incorporation and in this Prospectus, amounts which
constitute income of the Fund must be deposited into accounts opened on behalf of the
Fund by the Management Company (which is involved in opening and operating such
accounts not only as the agent of the Fund, but as its legal representative). Therefore, the
Fund would be entitled to absolute separation of those assets from the Management
Company in this respect, upon the terms set forth in Artiles 80 and EL of the Insolvency
act



7)

(

il) cajamar

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the insolvency of any of the Parties (uhether the
Originator or any other counterparty of the Fund) could affect their contractual
relationships with the Fund,

Breach of agreements by third parties

The Fund has entered into agreements with certain third parties for the provision of
certain service in relationto the operation ofthe Fund and in relation to the Notes,

The Noteholders may be adversely affected if any of the parties thereto breach the
bligations assumed under any of the aforesaid agreements. Nevertheless, certain
mechanisms are contemplated in the relevant agreements to mibgate such possible
breaches, such as the options to be pursued in the event of a decrease in ratings of
certain counterparties These mechanisms are described in this Prospectus,

Economic conditions in the Eurozone:

Existing concerns reating to credit risks (including those relating to sovercign securities
and enttis exposed to sovercign securiie) may til intensity over the coming months.
In particular, concerns have been raised with respec to current economic, monetary and
political conditions in the Eurozone. If such concerns persist and/or such conditions
further deteriorate (including, inter ala, by actions o relevant credit rating agency, any
default or restructurng o indebtedness by one or more governments or institutions, any
changes to the Eurezone, including any cisruptions thereto), such matters may cause
further severe stress in the financial system generally and/or may adversely afect one or
more of the parties to the transaction documents (including the Originator and/or the
Loan Service)

Given the current uncertaities and the range of possible outcomes, no assurance can be.
given as to the impact of any of the matters described above and, in particular, no
assurance can be given that such matters would not adverselyaffet the rights of the
Noteholders the market value o the Notes and/or the ablity of the Issuer to satisfy its
bligations under the Notes.

Regulatoryintiatives may resultin increased regulatory capital requirements and/or
'decreased liquidity in respect ofthe Notes.

There is increased political and regulatoryscrutiny o the asset backed secuitis industry
in Europe, the United States and elsewhere, Tis has resulted in draft and regulatory
measures or increased regulation that are currenty at various stages of implementation.
Among those regulatory measures, are two European regulations on the prudentil
treatment of securitisations recently approved by the European Parlament and the
¡Council of the European Union which apply from 1 January 2013, namely () Regulation
(EU) 2017/2402 ('STS Regulation”) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12
December 2037 laying down a general framework for securitisation and creating a specific
framework for simple, transparent and standardised securtiation, and amending
irectives 2009/65/EC, 2009/138/£€ and 2011/61/EU and Regulations (EC) No 1060/2008
“and (EU) No 648/2012; and (il Regulation (EU) 2037/2401 of the European Parliament
and of the Council amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 on prudential requirements
for credit institutions and investment firms. These regulations may have an adverse
impact on the regulatory capital charge to certain investors in securtisaton exposures
and/or the incentivs for certain Investors to hold asset backed securitis, and may
hereby affect the liquidity of such securiis.

Investors in the Notes are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and
none of the Isuer, the Management Company, he Arranger, the Lead Manager or the


0)

il) cajamar

Originator makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the
Notes regarding the regulatory capital treatment of their investment on the Date of
Incorporation or at any time in the future

In particular, investors should be aware of the EU risk retention and due dilgence
requirements which currently apply (Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parlament
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions aná
investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012), or are expected to apply
in the future (including but not límite to the STS Regulation), n respect of various types
of EU regulated inuestors including credit institutions, authorised alternative investment
fund managers, investment firms, insurance and reinsurance undertakings and UCITS
funde. Among other things, such requirements resrict a relevant invesor from investing
in assetbacked securities unless (1) that Investor is able to demonstrate that t has
úundertaken certain due digence in respect of various matters including ts note position,
the underiying assets and (in the case of certain types of Investors) the relevant sponsor
or orginator, and (1) the originator, sponsor or original lender in respect of the relevant
securiisation has explictly disclosed to the investor that it wilretan, on an on-going
basis, a net economic interest o not less than 5 per cent in respect of cerain specified
credit risk anchos or asset exposures. Falure to comply with one or more of the
requirements may result ín various penahties including, in the case of those inuestors
subject toregulatory capita requirements, the imposition o a penal capital charge on the

notes acquired by the relevant investor.

Aspects of the requirements and what is or wil be required to demonstrate compliance
to national regulators remain unclar.

"he rskretention and dus dligence requirements described above apply, o are expected
to apply, in respect of the Notes. Investors should therefore make themselves aware of
such requirements and any corresponding implementing rules of their regulatos), where
applicable to them, in addition to any other regulatory requirements applicable to them
with respect to their investment in the Notes. With respect to the commitment of the
Originator to retain a material net economic interest in the securtisation and with
respect to the information to be made available by the Issuer or another relevant party,
please see the statements set out in the section 2.2.8 of the Additional Building Block
Relevant inuestors are required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of
the information described above for the purposes of complying with any relevant
requirements and none of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Lead Manager makes any
representation that the information described above s suíficiet in llircumstances for
such purposes.

The EU risk retention and due diigence requirements described above and any other
changes to the regulation or regulatory treatment of the Notes for some or all investors
may negatively impact the regulatory position of individual Investors and, in addition,
have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.
Implementation o, and/or changes to, the prudentialregulatory framework applicable
o certain financial institutions may afectthe capial requirements and/or the liquidity
associated with a holding ofthe Notes for certain investors

The Basel Committee on Barking Supervision (the “Basel Committee") approved!
significant changes to the international prudentil regulatory framework for banks such
changes being commonly referred to as “Basel MI". in particular, Basel! provides for 3
substantial strengthening of existing prudentil rules, including new requirements
intended to reinforce capital standards (with heightened requirements for global
systemically important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio “backstop", There is

15


(in

iii) cajamar

provision for phased implementation of the capital standards, meaning that these.
requirements wil not apply in full untl January 2019, with some minor transtional
provision alowing phasexin until 2024.

The EU has implemented Basel by means of the CAR (Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of
the European Parliament and of the Counci) which became directy aplicable in ll EU.
Member States from 1 January 2014, and the Capital Requirements Directive (Directivo
2023/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, which required
implementation into national law by Member States (together with CRA, “CRD IV"). CRD.
IN, which apples to banks and certain investment firms, was published in the Official
Journal on 27 June 2013 and came into effect on 1 January 2014, with particular
requirements to be effective by 2019. CRD IV, which applies to banks and certain
investment firms, substantaly reflete the Basel capital and liqicity standards and
faitates the applicable implementation imeframes

Basel Il also provides for certain minimum liquidity standard, referred to s the Liquidiy
Coverage Ratio and the Nat Stable Funding Ratio. Under a Delegated Regulation made.
under the CRR, the Lquidiy Coverage Ratio is being phased in over four years, since 1
October 2015.

In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Bankúng Superviion approved a reform o the.
Basel standards, labeled in the market as “Basel IV”. Such reform is focused on the.
calcuation of risk welghted assets (RWA), Le,, the credit institution" assets and off-
balance=sheet exposures weighted according to their risk profile which are used for
etermining the credit institutions capital requirements. Under these new standards,
credit institutions may be forced to adjust their balance sheets to comply with the now
requirements. The Basel IV standards ll apply from 1 January 2022 and wil be phased!
until 2027. They will also haveto be implemented in the relevant EU and local regulations
Since 1 January 2016, a new prudential regulatory regime has applied to insurers and!
reinsurers in the EU, as a result of the implementation of the Solvency Il Directivo
(Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council. Under the now
regime, such firms wil be required to meet new capital requirements, consisting of 3
minimum capital requireriet (MICA) and a solvency capital requirement (SCR). The
calculation of the SCA requires the aplcation of various adjustments to take account of a
frm's risk profile, including stress testing of the fm's assts to determine the level of
capital charge applicable to particular asset types. As 2 resul, certain asset types will
attracta hghor capital charge than others.

Implementation of the Basel IV and/or Solvency Il framework to the extent not already
implemented in the relevant jurisections) and/or any further changes put forward by th
Basel Committee, European or national regulator in relation to such framework may
have an impact on incentives to hol the Notes for investors that are subject to
requirements that follow such framework and, as resul, they may afect the liquidty
andfor value ofthe Notes.

In general, investors should consult their own advisers as to the regulatory capital
requirements in respect of the Notes and as to the consequences for and effect on them.
of any changes to the Basel INJIV and/or Solvency II framework and the relevant
implementing measures. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such.
matters on anyinvestor or otherwise,

No Representation as to compliance with liquidity coverage ratio or Solvency Il
requirements

Inuestors should conduct their own due diligence and analysis to determine:


(0

il) cajamar

(2) — whether ornotthe Notes may qual a high quality liquid assets for the purposes of
the liqicity coverage rati introduced by the CAR, as implemented by the LCR
Delegated Act and national implementation measures and, iso, whother they may.
ul as Level 2A or Level 28 assets as described in the Commission Delegated
Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 0 October 2014, as amended to supplement CRR (the

"CR Delegated Regulation”) and

(6) — whether ornotthe Notes may qual as an investment ina Type Lor Type 2
securisation as described in Article 254(2) o the Commission Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2015/35 af 10 October 2014, as amended, supplementing Directe.
2009/138/Ec of the European Parliament and ofthe Council on the taking-up and
parsuit of the business af Insurance and Reinsurance [Solvency 1) (the “Solveney
Delegated Act)

None of the Issuer, the Management Company, the Arranger, the Lead Manager or the
Originator makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the.
Notes sto these matters on the Disbursement Date or at any time in he future.

Disclosure requirements CRA Regulation (Regulation on Credit Rating Agencies)

The Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31
May 2013 amending Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (“CRA3")
became effective on 20 June 2013. CRA3 provides for certain additional disclosure
requirements which are applicable in relation to structured finance transaction. Such
disclosures wil need to be made via a website to be set up by ESMA, The information to
be published pursuant to the CRAS disclosure requirements, ls update frequency and the.
standardised disclosure template are subject to regulatory technical standards to be
prepared by ESMA.

he precise scope and manner of such disclosure wil be subject to regulatory technical
standards (for the purposes of this section, "CRA RTS”) prepared by ESMA. On 30
September 201, the European Commission adopted tree CRAZ RTS to implement.
provision ofthe CRAS. The CRAS RTS specify (the information that the issue, originator
and sponsor of a structured finance instrument established in the European Union must
oimty disclose on the ESMA website, () the frequency with which this information s o
be updated and (ii) the presentation of this information by means of standardised
disclosure templates.

On 27 April 2016, ESMA published a press release in which it acknowledged that it would
not be ín a position to set up the abovementioned website or receve the information
related to the structured finance instruments. In its press release, ESMA stated that lt
expected that the proposed new securtisaton legsttion wil provide laityonthe future
bligation regarding reporting on strutured finance instruments. Investors should consult
their legal acvisor as to the applicabiity of the CRAS RTS and any consequences of non-
compliance in respect of their investment in the Notes

On the Date of Incorporation, there remains uncertainty as to what the consequences.
would be for the Isuer, related third parties and investors resulting from any potential
on-compliance by the Issuer with the CRA Regulation upon application of the reporting
bligations

Additional, CRAS has introduced a requirement that where an Isuer or related third
parties (uhich term includes sponsors and originators) intends to solicita credit rating of a
tructured finance instrument it wil appoint at least two credit rating agencies and should
consider appointing at least one rating agency having not more than a 10 per cent total
market share (as measured in accordance with Article 8d(3) of he CRA (as amended by

1


e

ca

if) cajamar

Rists resulting from Data Protection Rules

On 24 May 2016 the Regulation (EU) 2016/673 of the European Parliament and the
Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the
processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing
irective 95/46/EC (the "General Data Protection Regulation") entered into force. Its
belleved that the transaction as structured will comply with General Data Protection
Regulation. However, absent any relevant oficial guidance its ultimate impact on the.
transaction is dificltto predit

Volcker Rule

"Under section 619 of the U.S. Dodd-Frank Act aná the corresponding implementing rules
(ive *Volcker Rule"), US. banks, nonUS, banks with US. branches or agencies,
companies that control US. banks, and their afílistes(olletively, the "Relevant Banlóng.
Entiias" as defined under the Volcker Rule) are prohibited from, among other things,
acquiring or retaiing any owners interest in, or acting as sponsor in respect of, cetain
investment entities referred to in the Volcker Rule as covered funds, except as may be.
permitted by an applicable exclusion or exception from the Volcker Ru, In adgitin, in
certain circumstances, the Volcker Rule restrcts Relevant Banking Entities from entering
into certain credit exposure related transations with covered funds. Full conformance.
with Volcker Rule has been required since 21 July 2015.

Key terms are broadiy defined under the Volcker Rule, including “banking entity"
“ownership Interes”, "sponsor" and "covered fund”. In particular, "banking entiy
defined to include certain non-US. affates of US. banking entities. A "covered fund" is
defined to include an issue that would e an investment company under the Investment.
¡Company Act 1940 but is exempt from registration solely in reliance on section 3(c1) or
3(cI7) of the Investment Company Act, subjec o certain exclusions found in the Volcker
Rule's implementing regulations. An “ounership interest” is defined to include, among.
other things, interests rising rough a holders exposure to profits and losses ín the
covered fund, as well as rough any right of the holder to participate in th selection or
removal of an investment advisor, manager, or general partner, trustes, or member of the.
board of director of the covered fund,

The Issue is not required to register, and will not be registered as a result ofthe offer and!
sale ofthe Notes, as an “investment company? a such term is defined in the Investment.
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act”), under the
Investment Company Act. Additional, he Isuer is not now, and wil not be immediately
following the isuance of the Notes, a "covered fund" for purposes of Section 619 of the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or the final regulations

issued on 10 December 2013 by the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance.
Corporation, the Office of the Comptraller of the Currency, the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commision (commonty referred o
as the Voleker Rule), This conclusion is based primarily on the Issuer' status as a non-U.,
entity that vil be owned by non-U.S. persons and the loan secuitizaion exclusion under
the Voleker Rule.

w


il) cajamar

lftheIssuer ls considered a "covered fund”, the liquidity of the market fo the Notes may
be material and adversely affected, since Relevant Banking Entities could be prohibited
from, or face restrictions in investing in the Notes. The Volcker Rule and any similar
measures introduced in another relevant jurisdction may, in addition, have a negative
impact on the price and liqidity of the Notes in the secondary market

There is limited interpretive guidance regarding the Volcker Rule, and implementation of
the regulatory framework for the Volcker Rule is stil evolving. The Volcker Rules
prohibitions and lack of interpretive guidance could negativly impact the liqieity and!
value of the Notes. Any entity that is a "Relevant Banking Entity" and is considering an.
investment in the Notes should consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in
respect of such investment and on its portfolio generally. Each purchaser must determine.
for itself whether tl a Relevant Banking Entity. Neither the Issuer nor the Arranger or
the Management Company or any of the Lead Manager makes any representation
regarding the ability o any purchaser to acquie or hol the Notes, now or at anytime in
the future.

Us. Foreign Account Tax Compliance withholding may affect payments on the Notes.
Common Standard on Reporting and Due Diligence for Financial Account Information
(CRS) no withiholding obligation:

On 18 March 2010 the United States enacted provsions commonly referred to as the
Foreign Account Tax Complance Act (“FATCA”), which introduce reporting requirements
for foreign financial institutions (Fis) with respect to certain accounts.

Sections 1471 to 1474 of FATCA impose new reporting rules and, potential, 3 0 percent.
ithholding taxon () certain payments from sources within the United States, (i) “foreign
pass-through payments” made to certain non-U.S. financial institutions (any such non-U.,
financial institution, an “FF”) that do not comply with the new reporting rules, and (ii)
Payments to certain investors that do not provide identification information with respect
to interests issued by a participating FFI[coletiwely, "Withholdable Payments. For so
long as the Notes are hld within the clearing systems, itis not expected that FATCA will
affect he amount of any payment recelved by the cearing systems in any but the most
remote circumstances, However, FATCA may affect payments made to custodians or
intermediares in the subsequent payment chain leading to the ultimate investor if any
such custodian or intermediary ¡s generally unable to receive payments free of FATCA
vwitiholding. lt also may affect payment to any Ultimate investor that is a financial
institution thats not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an
ultimate investor that falsa provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from.
which itrecelves payment with any information, forms, other documentation or consents
that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA witholding. Investors
should choose the custodians o intermediaries with care (to ensure ch s compliant
with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA) and provide each custodian or
intermediary with any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be.
mecessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a payment free Of FATCA
witholding, The Issuer' obligations under the Notes are discharged once it has paid the
learing Systems, and the Issuer therefore has no responsibility for any amount thereafter
transmitted through the Claring Systems and custodians or intermediaies

The United States and the Govemment of the Kingdom of Spain have entered into an
intergovernmental agreement to factate the implementation of FATCA (the “IGA”). An
FL such as the Issue) that complies with he terms of the IGA as well as applicable loca
law requirements will not be subject to witholding under FATCA with respect to
VWitiholdable Payments that it recewes, Further, an FI that comples with the terms of


7)

iii) cajamar

the 1GA will not be required to withhold under FATCA on payments lt makes to
accountolders of such FFI (unless it has agreed to do so under the US, “qualled
intermediary” “withholding foreign partnership or “uithholding foreign trust" regimes)
Pursuant to the IGA, an Fl s required to report certan information in respect of certain
f ts account holders to its home government, whereupon such information wil e
provided to the US. Interal Revenue Service, The Issuer will undertake to comply with
the IGA and any local implementing legisatio, but there is no assurance that it will e.

ableto doso.
An FF hat fil o comply with the terms of the IGA may become subject to the FATCA.
withholding described above, Additionaly, a falure to comply with future local
Implementing lgislation may result in negative consequences to an FI The imposiion of
FRTCA wthholding on payments made to the Issuer would reduce proftabity, and thus
the cash available to make payments on the Notes. Prospective investors shoulB consult
their advisors about the potential application of FATCA,

The FATCA Status of the Issuer within the scope ofIGA is, a ofthe date of registration of
this Prospectus, a Sponsored Forelgn Financial Institution (FI) with Global Intermediary
Identification Number (GUN), registered on the U.S. Internal Revenue Service portal.

Common Standard on Reporting and Due Diligence for Financial Account
Information (CAS)

Based on the application of FATCA, the http/fwww.oecd.org/ctp/exchange-oftax
information/standard for automatic-exchange- of fnancia-accoynt information +ortax:
maters-9789264216525-en.htm, approved by the OECD Council on 15 July 2014, call on
urscctions to obtain information from their financial institutions and automatically
exchange that information with other jurisdctions on an annual basis. Unlike FATCA, ts

based upon tax residence as opgosed to citzenshp and there is no withholding obligation
under CAS.

Sosin has transposed the EU legisative amendments into it legal system by modiying its
General Tax Act, modiying the General Regulations on Tax Inspection and Management.
Procedures, and incorporating Royal Decree 1021/2015 of 13 November. Penalty for non-
compliance is regulated under Spanish law.

The CR Status ofthe Issues, as of the date of registration of this Prospectus, a Financial
Institution (FI) but there 1 no requirement to register and receive a unique identier of
compliance under CAS,

“he proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FT)
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commissio's
Proposal" fora Diretive for common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain,
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States”
However, Estonia has since stated that twil not participate.

“The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and coula, introduced, apply to certain
¿ialing inthe Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.
The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt.

Under the Commissions Proposal, FIT could apply in certain circumstances to persons
both within and outside of the participating Member States. General, it would apply to
certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is financial institution, and at least
ne party is established in participating Member State. A financial inttution may be, or
be deemed to be, "establshed* in a participating Member State in a broad range of
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating


0)

il) cajamar

Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealngs is
issued ina participating Member State.

Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT should be payable to the tax administration by
esch financial institution and, where the FTT had not been duly paid, each party to the
transaction, including persons other than financial insttutions, should be jointiy and
severalyliable for the payment of the FTT. Therefore, the FTT might increase the cost of
the transactions for holders and beneficia owners of the Notes,

On October 28, 2016, the Council of the European Union published document No.
13608/16 conceming the status of the FIT at trat time, according to which a certain
“egreo of progress in the FIT negotiaions have been observed, However, further work at
the Council and its preparatory bodies wil be required before a final agreement can be
reached among the participating Member States that respect the competences, rights
and obligations of the Member States not participating in the FT.

However, he FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member
States. may therefore be atered prior to any implementation, the timing of which
remains unclea. Adgitional EU Member States may decide to participate.

Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in
relation to the FTT.

No assurance s given that the transaction will be designated s a simple, transparent
securitisation

The STS Regulation sims to creste common foundation criteria for identifing “SIS
secuntiations”. There are material diferences between the regulations adopted and the.
current requirements (including with respect to application o etention requirements and!
the orginator entities eiísle to retain the required interest). Is not clear yet whether,
andin what form, any corresponding technical standards will be adopted. In addition, the
compliance position under the adopted revised requirements of transactions entered!
into, and of activities undertaken by a party (including an investo), prior to adoption s
uncertain. No assurance can be given that the transaction wil be desígnated as an “STS
securiisation” under the STS Regulation at any point in the future

prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the changes and
requirements described above (and any corresponding implementing rules). The matters
described above and any other changes to the regulation or regulstory treatment of the.
Notes for some oral nvestors may negativly impact the regulatory position of individual
investors and, in adsiton, have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes.
inthe secondary market,

a


il) cajamar

CERTAIN REGULATORY AND INDUSTRY DISCLOSURES

. COMPLIANCE WITH EU RISK RETENTION REQUIREMENTS.

The Originator, a an originato for the purposes of the CAR, the Regulation (£U) No. 231/2013 of
the EU Directve 2011/61/£U on Altemative Investment Fund Managers (the AIFMA) and the
Solvency Il Regulation, wil retan, on an ongoing basis, a material net economic interest of not
less than five per cent in the securtisation contemplated by the Transaction Documents in
accordance with article 405 of the CAR (Article 405), article 51 of the AIFMA (Article 52) and!
article 254 of the Solvency Il Regulation (Article 254) (which, in each cas, ls interpreted and!
applied on the Disbursement Date and does not take into account any corresponding national
measures) (he Retention)

The Retention wil comprise the Originator holding randomly selected exposures, equivalent to no
less than 5% of the nominal value of the securtised exposures, where such exposures woulá
otherwise have been securitised in the securitistion, provided that the number of potentialy
securited exposures is no less than 100 at originaion, as required by the text of each of
paragraph (c) of Article 405(1) of the CAR, paragraph (e of Artie 51(1) of the AIFMR and
paragraph (e) of Artic 254(2) of the Solvency I Regulation. Any change to the manner in which
such interests held il be notified to Noteholcers.

This Retention option and the methodology used to calculate the net economic interest wil not
change, unless such change ls required due to exceptional circumstances in which case such
change wil be appropriately disclosed to Noteholders and published on the following website:
(uwew imttulizacion.com). in compliance with article 409 of CAR, the Originator must ensure that
all investors can easily access all necessary data regarding credit quality and the evolution of
underlying positions and treasury flows backing the securitiation exposures, together with any
information necessary to carry out detaled and documented stress tests of the cash fows.
backing the undering exposures.

As to the information made available to prospective investos by the Fund, reference is made to
the information set out herein and forming part of this Prospectus and to any other information
provided separately (which information shall not form part of this Prospectus)to the Investor
Reports provided to the Noteholders and publshed on the following website
(uruacimtiulizacion.com).

The Originator will undertake to (1) the Arranger and th Lead Manager or underwriters and (1)
the Fund in each case, for o long as any Notes remain outstanding, that it wil:

(2) — on the fist Disbursement Date hold, and thereafter t will retain, on an ongoing bass, 2
material net economic interest of not less than five per cent in the securitisation
contemplated by the Transaction Documents in accordance with Artie 405(2Jc) of the
CAR, Article SI(1)() of the AIFMI taking nto account Artie 56 of the AIFMA and Artie
254(2)c) of Solvency I Regulation which, in each case, is interpreted and applied on the
Disbursement Date and does not take into account any corresponding national measures;
this retention option and the methodology used to calulate the net economic interest
will not change, unless such change ls required due to exceptionalcircumstances and on
to the extent permitted and in compliance with the requirements set cut ín CRR, the
AFMA and the Solvency Il Regulation;

(6) — comply with the disclosure obligations imposed on originator credit institutions under the.
CAR, the AIFMR and the Solvency Il Regulation, including, but not limited o, by disclasing
when any breach af the Retention commitment occur or when the performance o the

securiisation or underiying exposures materialy change or following a breach of the
agreements and documentation related o the Fund subject always to any requirement of


iii) cajamar

law provided that the Originator wilnot be in breach of such undertaking fit falso so
comply dueto events, actions or circumstances beyond the Originator control; and

(e) mot sell hedge or otherwise mitigate lts credit risk under its material net economic
interest in the securiisation as provided, except to the extent permitted by the CAR, the
AFMA and the Solvency Il Regulation,

Each prospective invetor s required to independenty assess and determine the suffiiency of
the information described above and in the Prospectus generally for the purposes of complying
with each of Part Five of the CAR (including Article 405), Section Five of Chapter II f the AIFMA.
(including Article 51) and Chapter VII of Tit of the Solvency Il Regulation incluging Article 254)
and any corresponding national measures which may be relevant and none of the Fund, the
Management Company, the Originator, any global coordinator, lead manager (inlucing the Lead!
Manager), bookrunner or underwrite, the Arranger, or any other party o the transaction makes.

any regresentation that the information described above or in the Prospectus is sufficient in all
«ircumstances for such purposes. Investors who are uncertain as to the requirements which apply
to them in respect of their relevant jurisectio, should seek guidance from their reguator.

In relation to the retention covenant to be given by the Originator to the Fund in the Deed of
Incorporation in accordance with the CAR, the AIFMA and the Solvency ll Regulation regarding
the materia net economic interest to be retained, on an ongoing basis, by the Originator in
the securtisation and (in respect of CAR only) certain requirements as to providing investor
information in connection therewith, the Management Company, the Arranger, any global
caordinator, lead manager (including the Lead Manager), bookrunner or underuriter will not
be under any obligation to monitor the compliance by the Originator with such covenant and
il not be under any obligation to take any action in relation to non-compliance with such
covenant

US. RISK RETENTION

“The Credit Risk Retention regulations implemented by the SEC pursuant to the US Risk Retentian
Rules came into effect with respect to certain securitas on 24 December 2015 and generally
require the "securitzer” of a "securiiation transaction” to retsin at least S per cent. of the
"credit risk" of "securiied assets", as such terms are defined for purposes of that statute, and!
generally prohibit a securitier from directiy or indirect clíminating or reducing lts credit
exposure by hedging or otherwise transerrng the credit risk that the securtizer ls required o,
retan. The US. Risk Retention Rules also provide for certain exemprions from the risk retention
obligation that they generally impose.

For purposes of this transaction, the “securitizer” sha be the Oriinator, the "securitize assets”|
shall be the Recelvables and the sponsor hall lso be the Originato.

“The transaction wil not involve the retention by a securitizer of at least 5 per cent of the credit
risk of the Isuer or the purposes of the US. Risk Retention Rules, but rather will be made in
reliance on a safe harbour provided for in Section 20 of the US. Risk Retention Rules regarding,
non-Us. transactions. Such non: transactions must meet certain requirements, including all of
the following ones, that (1) the transaction ls not required to be and is not registered under th
Securities Act (2) no more than 10 per cent. of the dollar value (or equivalent amount in the
currency in which the ABS interests (as defined in Rule 2 of the US. Risk Retention Rules) are
issued) of al lasses of ABS interests (as defined in Rule 2. the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) issued!
in the securitation transaction are sold or transferred to US. persons (in each cae, a defined in
the US, Risk Retention Rule) o for the account or benefit of US, persons (as defined in the US,
Risk Retention Rules and referred to in this Prospectus as "Risk Retention U.S Persons") (3)
neither the sponsor nor the issuer of the securiiation transaction ls organised under U.S. law or
is a branch located in the United States o non-U.S, entity; and (4) no more than 25 percent. of


cajamar

the underlying colateral was acquired from a majoriy-owned affiliate o branch ofthe sponsor or
issuer organised or located in the United States.

Prospectve investors should note that the definition of US. person in the US. Risk Retention
Rulesis substantal similar to, but not identica to, the definition of U.S. person under Regulation
5. Under the US. Risk Retention Rules, and subject to limited exceptions "U.S. person" ("Risk
Retention U.S. Person, as defined in this Prospectus) means any of th folowing:

(0 Any natural person residentin the United Stats;
(6). Any partnership, corporation, limite liabty company, or other organisation or entity
organised or incorporated under the laws of any State or of the United States;

(si) Any estate of which any executor or administrator is U.S. person (as defined under

“any other cause of this defiiion);

(1) Any trust of which any trustee is U.S. person (as defined under any other cause of
bis definition);

(4). Any agencyor branch of foreign entity located in the United States;

(Any non-discetionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held
by a dealer or other fduciary for the benefit or account of US. person (as defined
under any other cause ofthis definition);

(vil Any disereionary account or similar account other than an estate or trust) held by a
dealer or other fiduciary organised, Incorporated, or (1 an individual) resident in the
United States; and!

(vii) Any partnership, corporation, limite lisbity company, or other organisation or entity
de

3) Organised or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdction; and

b) Formed by a US. person (as defined under any other cause of this definition)
principaly or the purpose of investing in securies not registered under the
Securities Acti2

“The material diference between such defiitions is that (1) a "US. person" under Regulation $
includes any partnership o corporation that is organised or incorporated under the laws of any
foreign juisticion formed by one or more "U.S persons" as defined in Regulation $) princpally
for the purpose of investing in securtis that are otherwise offered within the United States
pursuamt to an applicable exemplion under the Securities Act unless lt is organised or
incorporated and owned by accredited investors as defined in Rule SO1(a) of Regulation D under
the Securities Ac) who are not natural persons, estates or trust, while (2) any organisation or
entity described in (1) ls treated as a "U.S. person" under the U.S. Risk Retention Rule, rgardiess
of whether it ls so organised and owned by accredited invetors (as deined in Rule 501(a) of
Regulation D under the Securities Ac) who are not natural persons, estates or trusts

Although the offer and sale of Notes to, or for the account or benefit of, Risk Retention US.
Persons is prohibited, there can be no assurance that the safe harbour provided for in Section 20
of the US. Rsk Retention Rules regarding non-U'S. transaction wil be available. No assurance.
can be given as to whether filue of the transaction to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules
(regardless of the reason for such failure to comply) may gve rise t regulatory action which may
adversely afect the Notes or their market value, Furthermore, the impact of the US, Risk
Retention Rules on the securitisaion market general is uncertain, and  falue by a transaction

* The comparable provision from Regulation  s"() any parneship r corporation organisd or incospoeaedundor
laws of he Unite

* Te comparable provision fio Regulation  "(VIX)fomned by 4 US. peson principal ore purpose o
investing securiic not registered under he Secures Act, unless is orpaised or ncorpoated, ad owned, by
acorde veses (as did in 17 CFR $230.501(0) ho a not natural persons, estes si

as


iii) cajamar

to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could therefore negatively affect the market value
and secondary market liquicity of the Notes.

None of the Issuer, the Oriinator, the Management Company, the Arranger the Lead Manager,
or any person who controls any of them or any of their respective director, officer, employees,
agents or aflltes makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the.
Notes as to whether the transaction described in this Prospectus compl as matter of fact wit
the US. fsk Retention Rules on the Issue Date or at any time in the futur. Investors should
consult their own adviers as to the US. Risk Retention Rules. No predictions can be made as to
the precise effects of such matters on any investor or othenvis.

In addition, the SEC has indicated in contexts separate from the US, Risk Retention Rule that an
"offer" or a "sale" of securitis may arise when amendments to securities are so material as to
require holders to make an "investment decision” with respect to such amendment. Furthermore,
any additional issuance of Notes by the Issuer would be considered a new transaction for
purposes of the US, Rsk Retention Rules. No assurances can be given as to the identity of the.
Noteholders, the applicabilty of the US. Risk Retention Rules or the avallabilty of any safe
harbour atthe time of any such potential amendment or additional Issuance.Inthe event the U.S
Risk Retention Rules apply and no safe harbour is avalabe, the Issuer or its afiates may be.
unable or unwlin to acquire Notes to satisy the U.S Rsk Retention Rules, and consequently,
may not proceed wlth such amendment or issuance. As a result, the US. Risk Retention Rules
could have a material adverse effect onthe Isuer and the liquiity and market value of the Notes.

None ofthe Management Company, Arranger or Lead Manager or any person who controls any of
them or any of their respective director, officer, employees, agents or afíates shall have any
responsibility for determining the characterisaton of potential investor as a non Risk Retention
US. Person in relation to any rstrction under the US. Rsk Retention Rules the Isuer and the:
Lead Manager will rely on the deemed representaion from the investors that thoy are not a Risk
Retention U.S. Person) or for determining the avallabity of the safe harbour provided for in
Section 20 of the US. fis Retention Rules, and none of the Management Company, Arranger or
Lead Manager or any person who controls any of them or any of their respective director,
offices, employees, agents or afiates accepts any libility o responsibilty whatsoever for any
such determination. Furthermore, none of the Management Company, Arranger or Lead Manager.
or any person who controls any of them or any of their respective director, officer, employees,
agents or afílates provides any assurance that the safe harbour provided for in Section 20 the.
US. sk Retention Rules wil be available.

2


) cajamar

U.S. SELLING RESTRICTIONS

The Notes have not been and wil not be registered under the Securities Act or the securitis laws or “blue
sl” laws of any state of the United States or other relevant juisiction and therefore may not be
offered, sol or delivered within the United States orto, or for the account or benefit f, any person who
isa US. Person (as defined in Regulation ), except pursuant to an exemplion from, o in a transaction not
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Ac.

The Issuer and the Lead Manager each represents that lt wil not at any time offer, sel or deliver Notes (1)
as part of ts distribution at any time or ) otherwise unti forty (40) days after the completion of the
«istribuion, as determined and certified by the Lead Manager, fal Notes within the United States orto,
or for te account or benefit o, US. persons. The Lead Manager further agreed that it wil ave sent to
¡each dealer to which t ells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States orto, or for
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation $), Terms used in this paragraph and not
otherwise defined have the meanings given o them by Regulation S.

In adsitio, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering and the date of isuance of the Notes,

an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (uhether or not participating in the
offering) may vilatethe registration requirements o the Securities Act

»


12.

12

24.

22.

j cajamar

IM BCC CAPITAL 1, FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT FOR SECURITIES
[(ANNEX VIL OF THE CE 809/2004 REGULATION)

PERSONS RESPONSIBLE

Persons responsible for the information appearing in the Registration Document.
III <<! Valle, acting in the mame and on behalf of the Management
Company, INTERMONEY TIULIZACIÓN, 5.G.£T, S.,, with ts registered offices at Cale Principe

de Vergara 131, Madrid assumes responsibility for th information contained in his Registration
Document.

INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN, SG.FT, SA. wil incorporate IM ECC CAPITAL 1, FONDO DE
TITULIZACIÓN and vall be in charge of ts legal administration and representation.
III | all cts in his capacity o Chairman of INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN,
SG£T, SA, and pursuant to hs appointment by the Board of Directors meeting held on 16
etober 2003, and the powers that were conferred to him by the Board of Director at its meeting.
held on the 27 September 2018.

DeclaratllllMMlose responsible for the Registration Document
EN «+! Vte having taken al

case, declres that the information given in this Registration Document is, to the best of his
Knowledge, in accordance with the fate and does not omit anything likely to afect its import

ressonable care to ensure that such is the

STATUTORY AUDITORS OF THE FUND

Name and address of the Fund's auditors (together with their membership in any relevant
professional body).

In accordance with the provisions of section 4. of tis Registration Document, the Fund is newly
incorporated and therefore lacks historical financial information

"Throughout the duration o the Fund, the annual accounts wil e subject to audit by the aucitors
man annual basis. Such audit reports wil be fl with the CNMV.

“The Board of Directors of the Management Company, a its meeting held on 27 September 2018,
appointed PricewoterhouseCoopers Auditores S.L, with a registered address in Paseo de la
Castellana 259 E, 28046, Madri, with Tax Identification Number 879031230, registered with the.
Official Registry of Auditor (Registro oficial de auditores de cuentas, ROAC) with number 50242
and registered with the Commercial Register of Madri, in Volume 9.267, Section 3,054, Sheet 75,
Page 1M-57,250, Entry, as autors of the Fund,

Financial years, accounting principle and statutory fin of annual accounts.

The Funds income and expenses will be reported in accordance with the accounting principles in
force pursuant to CNMV Circular 2/2016 of 20 April, on accounting standards, annual accounts,
Public accounts and confidential statistical information statements of securiisation funds, as
amended (“Circular 2/2016") or with the regulations applicable at any given time,

2


42.

42

43.

44.

The financial year of the Fund wil coincide with a calendar year. However, as an exception, the
fist financial year wi start on the Date of Incorporation of the Fund, and the last financial year
vil end on the date on which the Fund is scheduled to expire.

The Fund's annual accounts and corresponding auditors' report will not be filed with the
Commercial Registry (Registro Mercantil.

In accordance with article 35 of Law 5/2015, the Management Company will submit the annual
accounts of the Fund to the CNMI, together with the auditor report on these accounts, within
four (4) months of the close of the Fune's financial year (e, before 30 April each year] in oder to
file it with the corresponding registry. In addition, quarteriy reports wi be filed with the CNMV
within tuo (2) months from the end of each quarter.

RISKFACTORS.
The specific risk factors of the Fund are those described in section 1 of the document included at
the beginning o this Prospectus, called “ISK FACTORS”.

INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER

Statement that the Issuer has been created as a securitisation fund.

The Issueris a securitistion fund established in accordance wit Law 5/2015 for the purpose of
li acquiring the Recelvable assigned to the Fund by Cajamar ané () issuing the Notes.

Legal and commercial name of the Fund.
The Fund will e incorporated with the name “IM ECC CAPITAL 1, FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN” The
Fund wilalso be referred to as "IM BCC CAPITAL” or “IM BCC CAPITAL , FT”.

Registration ofIssuer.
The incorporation of the Fund and the issuance of the Notes must be registered with the official
resgsters of the CNMV in Spain.

This Prospectus was registered with the CNMV on 13 December 2018,

The incorporation of the Fund will not be filed with the Commercial Registry, pursuant to Article
22.5 of Law 5/2015. This s without prejudiceto the registration of the Prospectus with the CNMV.

Date of Incorporation and period of activity of the Fund.
441. DateofIncorporation.
Its expected that the execution of the Deed of Incorporatin, and thus the Funds Date
af Incorporation, will be 14 December 2038. The Deed of Incorporation wil be drafted in
Spanish,
The Deed of Incorporation may be amended on the terms set out in Artic 24 of Law
5/2015, e. the Management Company has the consent of (all Noteholders and the
Other Creditors(excluding non-financialcrediors), r ) the Meeting of Credtor. The
foregoing requirements wil not be necessary if the CNMV is of the opinion that the
amendment is of minor relevance, which the Management Company will e responsible
tor documentin.
Once CNV verfis the compliance of the legal requirements for the amendment. of the
Deed of Incorporation, the Management Company wil execute the relevant deed of
amendment and lle an authorised copy with CNMV for incorporation into the public
register. The amendment of the Deed of Incorporation wil be communicated by the

Management Company to the Rating Agencies and published by the Management.

2»


442

443

iii) cajamar

The Deedof Incorporation may also he amended at the request of the CNV.
The Management Company warrants that tre text of the Deed of Incorporation will not
contract that of the Prospectus and that the Deed of Incorporationwll coincide with the

draft deed that has been submitted to the CNMY as a result of the registration af this
Prospecta.

In case of any discrepancy or inconsistency between this Prospectus and the Deed of
Incorporation, the Prospectus shall prevai,

Period of activity of the Fund.

Its expected that the Fund wil do business from the Date of Incorporation until the Legal
Maturity Date, e, until 22 April 2037 or, f such date is not a Business Day, the following
Business Day, unless the Fund is early liquidated or cancelld in accordance with the
provisions of sections 4.43 and 4.1 below.

Early liquidation of the Fund.

4.43.. Mandatory liquidation of the Fund

The Management Company shall carry out an Early Liquidation of the Fund and
thereupon an Early Redemption for the whole (but not part) of the Notes upon the terms
setforth below, in any of the following instance:

1. If as stated in Article 33 of Law 5/2015, four (4) months have elapsed since the
¡ccurrence of an event giving rise to the mandatory replacement of the Management.
¡Company due to a declaration of insolvencythereof, or in the event of revacation o
the authorsation thereoÍ, in either case without a new management company
having been found thats prepared to take over management of the Fund and that is
appointed pursuant to section 27.1 0fthe AdsitionalBuiiging Block; or

2. fthe Meeting of Creditors approves the Early Liquidation wit the relevant majority.

3. When its or wil become untawdul fo the Fund to perform or comply with any of its
bligations under orin respect of the Notes.

4. When the replacement process of the Loan Sevicer takes longer than nine (9)
months to conclude, in accordance with section 3.722 of the Additional Buiding
Block.

5. Inthe event of default inthe payment of interest due and payable under the Class A
Notes, and such default has not been remedied within 5 Business Days from the
relevant Payment Date.

Far the avoidance of doubt, under no circumstances, wil the Originator have an
bligation to repurchase any of the Recelvables in any o the above events.

In order forthe Management Company to carry out any Early iquidation of the Fund and
therefore the Early Redemption of the Nates in those cases described in paragraphs (1)
and (2) above, the Management Company shall sel the Receivables. For such purpose,
the Management Company shal request legally binding bid rom at least fie (5) entities
tits sole discreion amons those active in the purchase and sale f similar assets

The Originator shall have a pre-emptiv right to acquire such Recelvables at the time of
the liquidation, such that it will have priority over third parties in acquiring the
Recelvabls. In order to exercise the pre-emptiv right, the Originator wil have th term


il) cajamar

ot five 5) Business Days from the date on which the Management Company gves notice
thereto of the relevant terms (price, form of payment, etc.) on which the disposal of the
Receivabls wil occur. The offer f the Orginator must at east equal the best of the bids
made by third parties and be completed within fífteen (15) days of acceptance by the
Management Company.

If the Originator does not exercise lts pre-emptive right, the Management Company shall
accept the best bid received for the Receivables. The Management Company may obtain
any appraisl report it deems necessary from third party entities in order to assess the
market value.

The Management Company shall be entitled to sell the Recelvables even if the
Noteholderssuffe loss

Under no cicumstances wil the Originators pre-emptive rights ental an undertaking or
impose an obligation to repurchase the Receivables on the part of the Originator.

Notice o the liuidation of the Fund will be provided to the CNMV by publishing the
appropriate material event (hecho relevante) and thereafter to the Noteholders in the
manner established in section 4 of the Additional Building Block, at least thirty (20)
Búsiness Days in advance of the date on which the Early Redemption sto take place.

4.432. Liquidation of the Fund at the Originator's initiative
Furthermore, the Orignator vil have the option (but not the obligation) to repurchase at
its own discreion all outstanding Receivables and hence instruct the Management

Company to carry out an Eary Liquidation and an Early Redemption of the Notes in whole
(but notin part) in any of the following instances

2. At any time, 1 the aggregste Outstanding Balance of the Receivables less
Non principal colletions applied to reduce outstanding principal balance,
falls below 10% of he ageregate Outstanding Balance of the Receivables an
the Date ofncorporation (the “Clean-up Call Option"

"Non principal collections applied to reduce principal balance” means any
collections arsing from the Loans other than principal repayments of the
Loans, 2, collections from interest and any return on the Treasury Account,
used to cover any negative defiieney on each Payment Date between ()
principal collections and () the amount of the Notes to be redeem on such
Payment Date.

2. If a Regulatory Change Event occur (the “Regulatory Change Call Option")
and

3. If Tax Change Event occurs (the “Tax Change Call Option”);

In order for the Originator to exercise any of the options mentioned in paragraph (1) to
(8) above (cin, the "Cal Options” and each ofthem, a “Call Option")

i. The Orignator shall alculate the Buyback Value, which will constitute the
strike price ofthe relevant Call Option;

lL. Provided that the Buyback Value together with he rest of Available Funds are
suffcent to repay Class A Notas, Class 8 Notes, Class C Notes and Class D
Notes at par, together with al accrued and unpaid interest thereon taking
into account the Liquidation Priority of Payments contemplated in section
3,464 of the Additional Building Block, the Originator shall provide written
notice to the Management Company acting on behalf f the Isuer (the

'Originator' Notice”) expressy declring the occurrence of the relevant Call


il) cajamar

Option event and its intention to exercise the relevant Cal Option at least
forty (40) Business Days prior to the date designated by the Originator to
exercise the relevant Cal Option (the "Eary Redemption Date”); and

ii. The Management Company shall then inform the Noteholders by publishing.
the appropriate material euent (hecho relevante) with CINIMV the "Early
Redemption Notice” at least thirty (30) Business Days in advance of the Early
Redemption Date, specifing the Buyback Value.

iv. The Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, and the Orginaor shall
execute a repurchase agreement by virue of which the Management.
Company wil sell the Recetables and their Ancilary Rights to the Orignator,
which in turn wil pay the Buyback Value to the Fund,

fte Buyback Value together with the rest of Available Funds taking into account the.
Liquidatio Priority of Payments contemplated in section 346.4 the Additional Building,
Block are not suficient o redeem at leas Cass Notes, Cass B Notes, Class C Notes and!
Class D Notes at par together with accrued and unpaid interest, the Orginator sha not be.
able to exercise any of the Cal Options.

Forthe purposes ofthis section:

“Buyback Value", means at any time ( for any Receivables that are Performing
Recelvables, par value, and (1) for any Non Performing Recelvables, par value less the
value ofthe specific provisios of these Loans on the balance sheet of the Originator at
thattime (as confirmed by the Orignatorto the Management Company)

“Regulatory Change Event" means (a) any enactment or implementation, addendum or
amendment, or change in law, reguatio, regultory technical standar, rule, poliy or
guideline of any competent national, European or international body (including the
European Central Bank, the Bank of Spain, or any other competent national, European or
intemational supervsory or reguatory body), or the application or official interpretation
of, or the point of view expressed by the competent body in relation to said law,
regulation, rul, policy or guidelne, with efect from or after the Date of Incorporation,
or (b) notification or communication f any other type from the competent regulatory
or supervisor authority to the Originator in relation 10 the transaction described in the
Transaction Documents, on or after the Date of Incorporation, in relation to such law,
“egulation, regulatory technical standar ule, policy or guidelinein force on the Date of
Incorporation o that will come into force on or ater such dato, tha, in any of the above
cases, and inthe reasonable opinion of the Originator, may have a material adverse effect
on the rate of return on the Originator capital, or materily increases the cost or
materialy decreases the prof of the Originator ín the transactions described in the
Transaction Documents.

Far explanatory purposes, the declaraion of a Regulatory Change Event shall not be
excluded due to the fact that prior to the Date of Incorporation: (a) the Regulatory
Change Event is: () announced or contained in any proposal (both draft and final version)
for a change in laws, regulations, regulatory technical standard, policies, applicable
regulations or guidelines (including, without límiation, any agreement, procedure, or
recommendation of the Basel Commitee on Banking Supervision), as offcialy
interprete, implemented or applied by the Kingdom of Span or the European Union; (1)
included in any law or regulation adopted and/or published but whose offetiveness or
application is postponed, in whole or in part, beyond the Date of Incorporation; ori)
expressed in any statement of a competent authority in experts* meetings or other
discussions in relation to such Regulatory Change Event; or (b) the competent authority

ES


iii) cajamar

has issued any notice, any decision, or expressed any opinion in relation to any individual
transaction, other than this transaction. In this Sense, such proposals, statements,
notifications or opinions shall not be taken into consideration in evaluatng the rate ol
retu on the capita of the Originator or increase in cost or reduction in prof for the
Orignator of the transaction referred to in the Transaction Documents immediately after
the Date ofIncorporation.

“Tax Change Event" means any event whereby the Fund, at anytime, s required by law
to make withholdings or deductions on payments to be caried out under the Notes; as
walls any present or future taxes, withholdings or charges, whatever their nature, that
are determined by any applicable legal system or any country with competen juisicton
or by or on behalf a subdiviion polítial or government agency with authority o establish

4.44. Cancellation of the Fund.
Cancellation ofthe Fund shal take place:
(0 uponfullrepayment of the Recelvables pooled theren;

(6). upon full repayment of all the obligaions of the Fund towards te
crediors;

(i)_ as a consequence of the completion of the Early Liquidation process
established in section 4.43 above;

()  uponreachingthe Legal Maturity Date;

(Y) 1£ICO does not subscribe TWO HUNDRED EIGHTY THREE MILLION FOUR
HUNDREO THOUSAND EUROS (€283,400,000) of the Cass A Notes, and/or
if Cajamar does not subscribe () THREE HUNDRED NINETEEN MILLION
THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (£319,300,000) of Clas A Notes; (1)
the total amount of Cass B Notes and Class C Notes and (i) the Class D
Notes and Class E Notes not placed among qualífied investors by the Lead
Manager in accordance with the Management, Placement and
Subscription Agreement

(vi In the event that ) the provisional ratings of he Class A Notes, Clas B
Notes, Class C Notes and Class D Notes are not confirmed as final prior to
¿ron the Disbursement Date (for clarification purposes, the Notes wil not
be disbursed until the confirmation of the provisional ratings of the Class
A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes and Class D Notes); or (1) the
Management, Placement and Subscription Agreement is fulyterminated
in accordance with the proviions o section 4.1.0) of the Securities Note.
In this event the Management Company shall cancel the incorporation of
the Fund, the assignment to the Fund of the Recelvables and the isuance
ofthe Notes.

"Upon the occurrence of any of the situations described above, the Management
Company shall inform the CNMV as established in section 4 of the Additional
Building Block, and shall commence the relevant steps for cancelltion of the
Fan,

445 Actions fortheliquidation and cancelation of the Fund.

In addition, in those scenarios described in sections 4:43 and 4:44 () to (v)
above, the Management Company shall take any or alo the following actions

Cancel those contracts that are not necessary for liquidation of the Fund.


iii) cajamar

Apply all amounts obtained from the disposal of the Recelvables and any
other sets ofthe Fund towards payment of the various obligations, in the
form, amount and order of priority established in the Liqudation Priority of
Payments described in section 34.6. of the Additional Building Black

The Early Redemption of all the Notes pursuant to section 44.3 above shall
be caried out for all outstanding amounts of the Notes on the date in
question, plus accrued and unpaid interest from the last Payment Date to
the date of Eariy Redemption, less any tax witholdings and free of
expenses for the holder of the Notes. Al such amounis wl, foral! legal
purposes, be deemed liquid, due and payable on the Early Redemption
date

In any caso, the Management Company, acting on behalf of the Fund, shall
ot cancel the Fund until it has lquidated the Recelvables and any other
remaining Fund' astets and distributed the Fund's liquid assets, following
the Liquidation Priority of Payments provided for in section 34.64 of the
Adiéitional Building Black.

"Within the calendar year in which the Receivables and any other remaining.
assets ofthe Fund are liquidated and the Available Funds are distribute, or
if considered appropriate by the Management Company in the fist three
months of the allowing calendar year, and in any case no later than the
Legal Maturty Date, the Management Company wil grant a deed (acta)
before a notary publi declaring: (a) canceition of the Fund as well as the
rounds contemplated in this Registration Document giving ise to such
Cancellation, (b) the means for notiying the Noteholders and the CNMV,
and (c) the terms of distribution of the Available Funds from the Fund
following the Liquidation Priority of Payments provided for in section
34.64 of the Additional Bullding Block. In addition, the Fund will comply
with any such further administrative steps as may be applicable at that
time. The Management Company will send such deed (acta) to the CNMV.

Upon the occurrence of the early cancellation event set forth in section 44.44)
above prior to the Disbursement Date (Le, 1) the provisional ratings for the
Class A Notes and/or Class B Notes and/or Class C Notes and/or Class D Notes.
have not been confirmed as final prior to or on the Disbursement Date; or 1f(1)
the Management, Placement and Subscription Agreement is fully terminated in
accordance with the provisios of section 4.) o the Securities Nate), the Fund!
as well as the issuance of the Notes and the contracte executed by the
Management Company on behalf of the Fund shall be terminated, and the
úriginator shall bear the incorporation and issue expenses incured by the Fund,
In the event of cancellaion of the incorporation of the Fund, and thus the
assignment of the Recelvables, (the obligation of the Fund to pay the price for
the acquisition of the Recelvables will be extinguishe, (1) the Management
Company will be oblged to relmburse Cajamar as regards any rights that may
have accrued to the Fund due to the assigament of the Recelvables, and (i)
Cajamar will cancel the relevant mortgage transfer certificates ("MCs"). Such
cancellaton shall be immediately reported o the CNMV, and upon the expiry of
one (1) month from the occurence of the early Cancellation event, the
Management Company will execute before a notary public  deed (acta) which t
will send to the CNMV, Iberclear, AIAF and the Rating Agencies, deciaring the:
ancellation ote Fund and the rounds therefor.



5.

il) cajamar

Domicile and legal form of the Isser: law applicable thereto.

a

br

E)

a

úDomicile of the Fund.
The Fund has no registered address as it has no legal status. The address of he Fund for
all purposes will be considered to be that of the Management Company, which ls the
following:

INTERMONEY TIULZACIÓN, SG.£.T, SA.
Calle Principe de Vergara 132

28002 Madrid

The LEl Code ofthe Fund is 95980ORUBPOSZUS38CIA

Legal status of the Fund.

According to Article 20 of Law 5/2015, the Fund will constitute a separate set of assets
and labios, lacking legal status, with closedeend assets and labiltis, and the
Management Company wil be responsible for the incorporation, management and legal
representation of the Fund, and in ts capacity as manager of a third party transactions,

it wil represent and defend the interests of the Noteholders and the financers of the
Fan

Applicable law and country of incorporation.

The Fund will be incorporated and the Notes issued in accordance with the laws of Spain,
and specifialy in accordance with the legal rules set forth in (1) Law 5/2015 and
implementing provisions (í) Royal Decree-Law 4/2015 of 23 October apgroving the.
consolidated text of the Securities Market Act (the “Securities Market Act”) () Royal
Decree 878/2015 of 2 October on the registration, clearing and setlement of negotiable
les represented by book entries representations, on the legal regime of the
es central deposiories and the central counterparties and the transparency
requirements for security issuers admited to trading on an oficial secondary market (as
amended by Royal Decree 827/2017); (n) Royal Decree 1310/2005; (y) Order of the
Ministry of Economy and Finance 3537/2005, and (v) other legal and regulatory
provision in force and applicable from time to time.

This Prospectus has been prepared following the forms established in Regulation
809/2004 implementing Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the
Council s regards information contained in the prospectuses, as well as the format,
incorporation by reference, and publication of such prospectuses and dissemination ol
advertisements, as amended by Commision Delegated Regulation (EC) No 486/2012 of
30 March 2012 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EC) No 862/2032 of 4 June 2012.
Taxrules applicable the Fund.
The tax rules apglicable to the Securiization Funds is the genera system contained in (1
Law 27/2014 of November 27 on Corporate Income Tax Law and its Implementing
regulations, subjet to the specific peculíarities of Law 5/2015; (1) Consolidated Text of
the Law on Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty aporoved by Royal Legilative Decree 1/1993 of
September 24”, (li) Law 37/1992 of December 28, on Value-Added Tax; l) Law 3/1994,
as per the wording given by Final Provsion One of Law 41/2007. In Sum, these legal
provisions define the following fundamental principles
(0 The Fundisexempt from the concept of “Corporate Transactions" ("Operaciones
Societaras") under Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty (ati 45.18.20. the Revised
Text ofthe Law on Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty)


q

0)

0)

0)

0)

iii) cajamar

In accordance with article 7.16) of Law 27/2014 on Corporate Income Tax, the
Fund is subject to corporate income tax. The amount subject to this tax is
calculated in accordance with the provisions of Section IV of sad law at th rat in
force at each moment, which at presents twenty-fve per cent (25%)

In this regard, Rule 13 of Circular 2/2016 of the CNY, sets forth the standards
pursuant to which securtisation funds must just valuations dueto impairment
fte value of the financial assets Article 13.1 0f Law 27/2014, applicable to tax
periods beginning from 1 January 2015 onwards, states that the Corporate
Income Tax Regulation wil apply to those circumstances determining the
eductibliy of value adjustments made on account oflosses in the value of debr
securies valued at amortied cost and included in mortgage-backed securities
funds and asset backed securitis funds (Chapter Three of Title One ofthe Royal
Decree 634/2015)

Notwithstanding, upon the amendment intraduced by Royal Decree 683/2017
June 30, in article 9 of the Corporate Income Tax Regulation, the 7th Transitory
Prevision has been incorporated. According to this Transtory Provision, to the
extent the wording of the Circular 2/2016 of the CNMV is not amended in respect
of the impairment of the value of debt securties valued at amortised cost
included in the securitizaion funds referred to in Law 5/2015, the tax
deductibiliy of said impairment provisions wil be determined according to the
wording of article 9 of the Corporate Income Tax Regulation as drafted in
December 31, 2035.

Futhermore, n accordance with Article 16.5 of Law 27/2014, the límitation on
deductislty of financial costs for the tax will not apply t the Fund.

The investment yield of the Fund is subject to the general system of corporate
income tax withholdings. Pursuant to article 61.K) of the Corporate Income Tax
Regulations, as enacted by Royal Decree 634/2015, of July 10, the returns on
Mortgage Transfer Certífcats (Certificados de Transmisión de Hipoteca] (MTCS)
or other credit rights that constitute income of the Fund wi not be subject to any
vwitholding tax.

The management services rendered by the Lead Manager to the Fund shall he
exempt from Value Added Tax (article 20.0n0.18 n) of the Law on Value-Added
Tax,

The posting and assignment of security ls subject to the general corporate income
tax system, with no exceptions made for Securitization Funds.

The issuance, subscription, transfer, redemplion and repayment of the Notes,
depending on whether the investor s a corporation for the purposes of Value.
Acided tax, will be “not subject” or “exempt”, according to each case, from Value-
Added Tax (atide 20.0n018 of the Law 37/1992 of Value Added Tax) and
Transfer Tax/Stamp Duty (article 45..8.15 of the revised text of the Law on
Transfer Taxand Stamp Duty).

The transfer to the Fund of the MTCS, of the credit rights derived from the Non-
Mortgage Loans is subject to and exempt from Value-Added Tax (artide
20.0ne.18 of the Law 37/1992 of Value Added Tax)

The transfer to the Fund of MTCS, of the credit rights arsing from Non- Mortgage.
Loans wilnot be subject to “Property Transfer Tax” under the Law on Transfer Tax

36


54.

52.

and Stamp Duty in accordance with that set forth in article 7.5 of the revised text
fthe Lawoon Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty.

The transfer to the Fund of MTCs wil be exempt from “Stamp Duty" on notary
documents under the Transfer Tax/Stamp Duty pursuant to the terms of Law
2/1981 of March 25 and associated regulations and the revsed text of the Law on
Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty and associated regulations.

The transfer to the Fund of the credit rights aising from the Non-Mortgage Loans.
sil not be subject to “Stamp Duty”, with regard to notary documents under
Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, insofar as the requirements set forth in article 31.2
oftherevised text of the Law on Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty were not met

(li) The Fund wal comply vath general reporting obigatons, as well as those foreseen.
in the Adsitianal Proviion One of Law 10/2014 of 26 June on the organisation,
supervision and solvency o credit insttutions and those stipulated in Articles 42,
43 and 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 2 July approving the General
Regulations on tex management and inspection procedures, and on the
development of common rules for taxation procedares.

Description of the amount of the Fund's authorised and issued capita.

Not applicable.

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

Description of the Issuers principal activities.

The Issueris a secuitiation fund and, s suc lt main activity consists of acquiring from Cajamar
the Recetvables derived from the Loans and the issuance of Note,

“The proceds from interes [ordinary and default) and principal repayments under the Loans
received by the Fund are alacated quartely, on each Payment Date, to the payment of interest
and repayment of pricipal of the Notes in accordance with the Priority of Payments set fort in
section 3:4.5ofthe Additional Building Block.

In addition, the Fund, represented by the Management Company, will agree to a number of
financial transactions and the provision of services in oder to strengthen the financial structure
af the Fund, to increase the security and regularty of the payment of the Notes, to cover the
temporary mismatches in the schedule for flows of principal and interest on the Receivabls and!
on the Notes or, ín genera, enable the financial transformation which takes place in the Fund!
between the financia characteristics o the Loans andthe financial characteistics of the Notes.

¡Global overview. the parties to the secuitisation program.
3) INTERMONEY TITUUIZACIÓN, $.G.£.T, S.A. partiipates as Management Company of the
Fund, as coordinating entty of the Rating Agencies and of the relationship with the

supervsory authorities and market operators, as lega and financial advisor in respect of the
structure ofthe transaction.

INTERMONEY TITUUZACIÓN, S:G.T, S.A. is a Securiiation Funds management company
with a registered office at Cale Principe de Vergara 131, 28002 Madrid (Spain) and Tax
Identification Code no. A83774835 a brief description of this company and of ls dutis is
provided in section 6 ofthe Registration Document and section 2.7 of the AdáitionalBulding
Block.


»

el

cajamar

It is registered in the Commercial Register of Madrid, at Volume 19277, book 0, sheet 127,
section 8, Page M-337707, Entry 1, on 21 October 2003. It is also registered at the Special
Registry ofte CNMV wlth number 10.

The LElcode of the Management Company is 9S9800WRONTAKQPULAS8,

CAJAMAR CAJA RURAL, SOCIEDAD COOPERATIVA DE CRÉDITO ('Cajamar”) participates as
the Originator of the Loans, issuer of the MTCS, subscriber of (1) THREE MUNDRED NINETEEN
MILLION THREE HUNDAEO THOUSAND EUROS (€519,300,000) of Class A Notes; (1) the total
amount of Clas B Notes and Class € Notes and (the Class D Notes and Class E Notes not

placed among qualfied investors by the Lead Manager; Loan Servicer, and counterparty ol
the Fund in the Subordinated Loan Agreement fr Initial Expenses, the Subordinated Loan or

the Comminging Reserve, the Loan Servicing Agreement and the Back.Up Servicing
Agreement. Addiionaly, in the event that Cajamar [or eventually Banco de Crédito Social
Cooperativo, SA. ("BCC")) Cajamar meets the Fitch and DBRS criteia described in section
34.41 the Additional Building Block for eventually CC), could alo actas Treasury Account
provider (the "Treasury Account") replaing Banco Santander, S.A. in such condition,
CAJAMAR CAJA RURAL, SOCIEDAD COOPERATIVA DE CRÉDITO isa Spanish financial insituion
with an address in Plaza de Barcelona S, Almera (Spain), and there isa brief description of
thisinsttution in section 2.5 of the Additional Building Block.

CAJAMAR CAJA RURAL, SOCIEDAD COOPERATIVA DE CRÉDITO is registered in the Commercial
Register of Almería at Volume 1526, Sheet 1, Section 8 number AL-40338 and registered in
National Registry for Cooperativos of the Ministry of Economy and its code at the Bank of
Spainis 3058.

The LEI code of Cajamar ls 63S4DOCESMHFBSSPEYA3,

The unsubordinated and unsecured short and long term debt ratings assigned by the ESMA-
registered Rating Agencies ar:

Fit Ratings España (SA)
Longer se
Short Term. ,
outook. En
Fating Watch
Date Last Revision ETT

Banco de Crédito Social Cooperativo, S.A. (BCC), in case Fitch and DBRS criteria are met,
might act as Treasury Account provider for the Fund, pursuant to section 3.4.4.1 of the
Additional Buling Block. CC ls financial entity Incorporated in Span and registered in the
"Madrid Commercial Registry in Volume 31884, Folio 131, Sheet M-573805, Inscription, and
its cade at the Bank of Spain ls 0240, It was Incorporated in January 2014 by Cajamar and
another 13 rural savings banks. Grupo Cooperativo Cajamar ¡sa consolidated group of credit
entities that currently includes 20 entities (BCC and 19 rural savings banks) authorised and
ualiying as an institutional protection scheme (SIP in the Spanish original) by the Bank of
Spain. BCC is the head of the group. On the date of this Prospectus, Cajamar ls ACCS main
shareholder

Registered address: Paseo de la Castellana 87, Madrid (Spain)

se


) cajamar

The unsubordinated and unsecured short and long:erm debt ratings assigned by the ESMA-
registered Credit Rating Agencies ae:

Fit Ratings España (SA)
Longer se

Short Term .

uook Sable

Fating Watch

Date Last Revision EETATO

dá) BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. ("Santander") participates as Arranger, as Lead Manager, a Paying
Agent and as provider of the Treasury Account, as counterpartyofthe Fund under the Agency
“and Financial Services Agreement and asa depositary of the Multiple Title.
In ts capacity as Arranger, and upon the terms set forth in Article 35. of Royal Decree
1310/2005 lt recelves the mandate of the Management Company in order to direct
operations concerning the design of the temporary and commercial inancil conditions of the
issue, as wellas the coordination with subscriers

In ts capacity as Lead Manager, Santander has agreed on a best efforts basis and upon the
satisfaction of cetain conditions precedent to procure subscription for and/or placement of
the Class D Notes and Class E Notes during the Subscription Peri,

BANCO SANTANDER, SA is 2 Spanish credit institution with a registered office in Santander,
at Paseo de Pereda 9-12, 39004 and whose operating headquarters are in Ciudad Grupo
Santander, at Avenida de Cantabria sin número, 28660 Boadilla del Monte (Madrid), Tax
Identification Cade A-39000013 and National Economic Activity Code (CN-A.£.) number 651.

The LEl code of Santanderis 5483006QMFDDMYWIAMI3,

The unsubordinated and unsecured short and long:erm debt ratings assigned by the ESMA-
registered Rating Agencies are:

Moodys | sar Fue 3
Long Term 2 A A Ani
Short Term Pa mM E2 | ra tmiáde)
uti stable | Stable | Seble | Stable

Rating eat -

Pate Last Revision | 15/20/2018 | 06/00/2018 | 26/07/2018 | 12/04/2018

e) FINSOLUTIA SPAIN, 5... ("Finsolutia”) partiiates as Bak Up Serdicer of the Loans and as
countergarty af the Fund under the Back-Up Servicng Agreement,
Finsolutia s a Spanish loan and real estate management company, rated “Above Average” by
582, with a registered office in C/ Antonio Gonzalez Echarte 1, planta 1, 28029 Madrid, Tax

Identification Code ESB87103883 and National Economic Activity Code (CNAE) number
6612,

3


64.

cajamar

INSTITUTO DE CRÉDITO OFICIAL (“1CO") EP.E, particiates as Subscrber for TWO HUNORED.
EIGHTY THREE MILLION FOUR HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€283,400,000) of the Class A
Notes.

ICO is a corporate State-owned entity with registered office in Paseo del Prado 4, 28014
Madrid and Tax Identfication Number Q-2876002.C.

"The LEl code of ICO is PIQDPSI1DSI2Q.1M3G17.

El FITCH RATINGS ESPAÑA, S.A.U. ("FITCH") partcipates as a credit rating agency rating the.
Class A Notes, the Clas Botes the Class Notes and the Class D Notes,
FTTCHIs credit rating agency with registered oie at Paseo de Gracia 85, 08008 Barcelona
(Spai)

h) DBRS RATINGS LIMITED ("DBRS") participates as a credit rating agency rating the Class A
Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes.
BAS is a credit rating agency with 3 registered office at 20 Fenchurch Street 315t Floor,
London EC3M 38%, United Kingaom.

“he above rating agencies were registered and authorised by the European Securities a Markets

Authority ("ESMA') on 31 October 2011 as credit rating agencias in the European Union pursuant

to the terms of the Regulation (EC) no 1060/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council

of 16 September 2009, on Credit Rating Agencies,

Í), CUATRECASAS GONCALVES PEREIRA, S.L. ("Cuatrecasas") participate as the legal visor
af the Lead Manager and Arranger and on the structure of the operation and has reviewed

the legal and tax matters applicable to the Fund as set forth in section 4.5.) of the
Registration Document

CUATRECASAS is a limite aby company organised in Spain, with Tax Identification Code
Number 8:59942110, registered office at Paseo de Gracia, 111, 08008 Barcelona, registered
viththe Commercial Registry of Barcelona, at Volume 37673, Folio 30, Section 8, Page 23850.

1) ALLEN 8, OVERY participates as legal advisor of Cajamar and has reviewed the Prospectus and
the structure ofthe transaction for the benefit of Cajamar.

ALLEN £ OVERY has lts registered oficeat Calle Serrano, 73, 28006, Madrid and Spanish Tax
Identification Number N-0067503-C

K)_ PRICEWATERMOUSECOOPERS AUDITORES, S1. (*PWC")participates as auditor of the Fund!

and as independent company for the verfiation of a seres of attibutes of the assignable
portfolio of Loans of the Fund for the purposes of complying with the provsions of Law
5/2015,
PUC is an audit im with registered ofic in Torre PWIC, Paseo de la Castellana 259 for
41 28046 Madrid (Spain), holder of Tax Identfcatiom Code Number 8-78031290 and
registered with the Official Registry of Certified Public Accountants (Registro Oficial de
Auditores de Cuentas: R.O.A.C.) under number $0242,

ADMINISTRATIVE; MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES OF THE MANAGEMENT
COMPANY.

Corporate bodies ofthe Management Company.
Pursuant to the provsions of Law 5/2015,securiisation funds are not separate legal etis, and!
securitsation fund management companies are entrusted with the incorporation, management.
and legal representation of these funds, as well the representation and defence of the interests of


cal r

the holders of the securitiesisued on the basis of the funde they administerand of the financiers
thereof.

By virtue of the foregoing, this section presents information regarding INTERMONEY.
TITULIZACIÓN, SG.F.7., S.A. in ts capacity as Management Company creating, administerng and!
representing IM BCC CAPITAL 1, FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN.

3) Namecand registered office.
+ Registered name: INTERMONEY TIULIZACIÓN,5.G.FT, SA.
+ Registered office: Cale Príncipe de Vergara 131, 28002 Madri.
+ Tax identification Code: A-83774885
+ National Economic Activiy Code (CNA.E No, 8189
+ LEInumber: 959800WRDNTXKQPULASS.

b) Incorporation and registration with the Commercial Register, as well as information relating
tothe administrative authorisations and registration with the CNMV.

INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN, S.G.FT, SA, was organised by means of a public instrument
authorised on 16 October 2003, before the Notary of Madrid, Mr. Antonio Huerta Tróez, and!
recorded in his notarial book of records under number 2,572, with the prior authorisation of
the Ministry of Economy and Treasury provided on 6 October 2003. t is registered in the
Commercial Registry of Madrid, in Volume 19,277, Book 0, Sheet 127, Section 8, Page M-
337707, Entry Lon 21 October 2003. Its also registered in the Special Registry of the CNMV,
under number 10.

“he duration of the Management Company is indefínie, in the absence of grounds for the
disolution thereof under law or the by.lavs

e) Brief description of the Management Company's principal actvitis.
As required by law, Artide 2 of the Management Companys Bylaws states that: “the
Company shall have as lts exclusre purpose the organisation, management and legal
representation of Asset Securitisation Funds, Mortgage Securiisation Funds and Banking,
Assets Funds (FAB]”. As a manager of third party businesses, it is responsible for the
representation and defense of the interests of the holders of the securitis issued based on
the funds itadministers and the other unsecured credito.

On the date of registration of this Prospectus, INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN has Incorporated!
the following secuitisation funds:

Trial Note
FONDO DE TITUUIZACIÓN Incorporaton issue
gus)
Apra, FA cospz0s 1000.00.00,70
IMpsora, FA aosfaos, 100000000070
WIN MASTER CREDT CABOS, FT_4% emisión 0 250:00.00,0
E WANNA 3 misión Sos oros 1300000,0
CARR ME 2,7 ssp 1000.0000070
Aca Er pane 2000.0000070


aia Fr

ENDE Cae PACA, E
a

IMC Camae
MENORES, Er

MCG AMS, FA
Cas Grupo Barco Popular, TA

co Peal Lessing 2, ETA

a

copan
span
poor
sor
oro
205507
sor
sopor
ono
osospaor7
ajo
oras
spore
aos
os
o/o
raros
oros.
mos
28s/oss.
ass.
uooss
sofa
sopor
copo
ojo
copan.
s9/apor
panas
apo
oo
o
000
jano
aan
ano
epa
apor
Pao
aso
ono
910501
oso
uo
paro
apar



MCG AMES, FTA

IM Cajamar Empresas 2 FTE, TA
Cácuas rap Baco Popular, TA
IMC 12,514

Cua Grupo Saco Popular, TA

IM Gap Banco Popala Empresa, FT.

co Peal Lessing, ATA

co Popol Empresas, TA

Cáduas rupo Baco Popular 2, TA

a

ajon/aoo
0/0/2010
0)0/200
oros
0Jos/2000
26/2000
2uos/200
ajo/20
spas
spare
supra
pane
csjo/z0o
260/2008
a/a.
20/20.
19/06/200
cosas.
osos.
/os/a0s.
aspas.
5/02/5208.
osoz/a0s.
29/1907
28/1900
16/1900
ano
nooo
nono
21092007
25/0700
2000
22105007
aos/aco7
0jo2/2007
ups
aspas
8/0/2006
0/06
9/0/2006
29/06/2006
ososfac0s
cs/os/a006
nosraco
ajoa/206.
carac



iii) cajamar

INTERMONEY MASTER CÉDULA, FTA/ IM Cáslos M asparos. 105500000000
IM Teresa FTGENCAT, TA paros. 2000000070
IA Cares 2 Cajamar, TA aspas. 00.00.0070
IM Cesa, FTA 10/055005 12500000000
Cesa, ETA 8/03/7205 20750000070
IM Barco Popular FTOYAE ETA anos 2000.00.00.0

9/20 000000000
MCs 3, ETA 0/70 1050.00.00.70
IMcsamara, FA aora. 700000000
Iced 2, ETA rosa. 1:5:0000070
Aces 3 Caja, TA uosfacs 505000000
IM Céduas  Grupo Banco Papua, TA sjofac 2000.0000070
Tora 11 270.03320687

d) Share Capital.

“he share capital of the Management Company at the time of regsterng this Prospectus ls €
1,705,000, ful subscribe and pad up.

AI the shares issued by the Management Company untl the date of registration of this
Prospectus (100,000 shares with a nominal value of EUR 17.05 each one) are ordinary shares.
aná offer identcal voting, financial and non-inancial rights. All the shares are nominative, of
the same class and series

“The Management Company's equity, as at 31 December 2014, 31 December 2015, 31
December 2016 and 31 December 2017 extracted from te aucited financial statements is the.

following:
Share Capra! 2705 | 1705 | 100
¡tner resources 2501 | 1666 0
Legal Reserve 2 200 200
Voluntary Reserve 1005 | sae | 120
Undistributed results RetainedEsrnings | — 924 a 269
TOTAL (in thousands o Euros) som | sos | 26

“he 32 December 2017 information has been audited without exceptions on the date of
registration of this Prospectus

e), Shareholdingin other companies
"There are no shareholdings o the Management Company in any other compas,
1 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies.
“The Management Company s an entity registered with and supendsed by CNMV.

“he governance and management of the Management Company are entrusted by the Bylaws
to the shareholders acting ata General Shareholders' Meeting and o the Board of Directors,


ió cajamar

The powers of such bodies are those corresponding thereto under the provsions of the
Capital Companies Act (Ley de Sociedades de Capita) and Law S/2015, as regards the
corporate purpose.

1) Board of Directors

The Board of Directors is made up of the following persons

Chairman: II IE IE

Directors: rre]
A
rr]
a]

Non-DirectorSecretar MA
"The professional address of al the members of the Board of Director is Príncipe de
Vergara 131, 37d Floor, Madrid

(li) CEO and Managing Director

“The CEO and Managing Director of the Management Company ¡MI
e

(ió) Main activities of the persons referred to in paragraph (1) above which are
performed outside of the Management Company if such activities are significant in
relation to the Fund!

Position in other companies

E | P=+S9* o! Cortas e información Monetaria y

de Divisas, S.A

ea | E O coraje eiformación

Monetaria y de Divisas, SA.

E)  Entiies from which the Management Company has borrowed more than 10%.

The Management Company has not received any loan or credit facility from any person or
entity.

h) Significantitigation o dispute.

On the date of erification of this Prospectus, the Management Company ls not involved in
any situation of insolvency and there s n significant Iitigation or dispute that may affect its
financialeconomic situation or hereafter affect ls ablity to cam out the duties of
management and administration of the Fund.

Annual Reports.

The annual accounts of INTERMONEY TITULZACIÓN for the years ended 31 December 2015,
31 December 2016 and 31 December 2017 have been ausited by PriceWaterhouse Coopers
SL, with address in Madrid, inscribed in the ROAC (Offidal Register of Auditors) with the
number 0242.

he annual reports for the years 2015, 2016 and 2017 do not present qualication.


7

sa

22bi

82

sa.

92.

92.

cajamar

PRINCIPAL SHAREMOLDERS OF THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY

3) The ownership of the shares of the Management Company ls distributed among the
companies listed below, with statement of the percentage interest in the share capital of
the Management Company belongingto each of them

Correejee Información Monetaria yde Divisas, SA. | 69998% 59,908
Interioney SA. 001% 1
"Manager and employees of the Company 30001% E

b)_ Description of the nature of such control and measures in place to ensure that such control
is notabused.

Forthe purposes of Article 5 of the Restated Text of the Securities Market At, approved by
Royal Decree Law 4/2015, INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN, S.GF.T, SA. is part of the group.
“Coretaje e Información Monetaria y de Divisas, SA”

Corretaje e Información Monetaria y de Divisa, 54, in order to comply with the rules of
conduct ofthe secuities market and in oder to contribute to the transparency and efficient
operation of the markets, has developed an Internal Code of Conduct that afects all the
companies of the group and that was presented to the CNIMV on 2 February 2006 and!
updated in May 2010.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL.
POSITION AND PROFITS e LOSSES

The Management Company declares that on the date of verfication of this Registration
Document, the Fund was not yet incorporated and, therefore, had not commenced operation,
or had any accounts been prepared regarding such operations

Historical financial information.

Not applicable.

“This paragraph may be used only for issues of aset-backed securities having a denomination
per unit o a least €100,000.
Not applicable.

Legal and arbitration proceedings.
Not applicable.

Material adverse change in the Issuer' financial position.
Not applicable.

THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENT BY EXPERTS AND STATEMENTS OF ANY INTEREST
Statement or report attrbuted to 3 person as an expert.
Not applicable.

Information sourced from a third party.
Not applicable.

as


) cajamar

10. — DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY

The following documents [or copies thereof) wil be availble to the public during the effective
period ofthis Registration Document:

1. The current Bylaws and deed of incorporation of the Management Company.
lo ThisProspectus.
The Deed ofIncorporation ofthe Fund.

lu The agreements to be executed by the Management Company in the name and on
behalf ofthe Fund.

v- Special Securtisation Report on the Loan Portfolio from which the Receivables
transferred to the Fund will be taken, as issued by PWWC upon the terms set forth in
Articles 22.1. c) and 35 of Law 5/2015,

vi... Certificate of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Management Company, at
¡ts meeting held on 27 September 2018, whereat it was resolve, among other things, to
incorporate the Fund, to subscribe the MTCS and assets assigned by Cajamar and to
issue the Notes.

vii Certificate of the resolution of the Executive Commission of Cajamar Govering.
¡Council (Consejo Rector de Cajamar), t its meeting held on 15 October 2018, whereat
was resolved the assignment to the Fund of the Loans owned by the Originator.

vil... Letters disclosing provisional ratings and leters diciosing final ratings by Fitch and!
BAS,

ha Annual Accounts and auditors' report of the Management Company.

A copy of all of the above documents may be inspected at the registered office ol the
Management Compay.

In adsition, a copy o al documents mentioned above other than those set fort in) v and vii)
may be inspected at the CNMV at Calle Edison , Madrid and at Paseo de Gracia 19,42 planta,
Barcelona,

A copy of the Prospectus will be available to the public on the websites of the CNMV
(wemucomves) and AJAF (wvnwaiates). Adgitionally, the annual and quarteiy information
required under Artie 35 of Law 5/2015 will be avale on the website of the CNV.

The Deedof Incorporation vil be available to the public within Ierclea.

Furthermore, this Prospectus, the Deed of ncorporation and the annual and quartely reports
referred to above may be viewed on the website of the Management Company
bt: /Juruimtiulizacion.com).


12.

12

34.

a

0

cajamar

SECURITIES NOTE (ANNEX XIII OF REGULATION CE 809/2004)

PERSONS RESPONSIBLE
Persons responsible for the information appearing in the Securities Note and in the Adéitional
Building Block.

II IE IE << 05 ir tb ome and on behalf of the Management
Company, INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN, S.G.FT, SA, with registered office at Calle Príncipe de

Vergara 131, Madrid, assumes responsibility for the information contained in this Securities Note
and inthe Additional Buiding Block

INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN, SG.FT., SA. will incorporate IM BCC CAPITAL 1, FONDO DE
TITUZACIÓN and will be in charge of ts legal administration and representaton,

III EII EII «+ > +5 copcity of Chairman of INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN,
SGFT, SA, and pursuant to his appointment by the Board of Directors meeting held on 16
October 2003, and the powers that were conferred to him by the Board of Director at its meeting.
held on the 27 September 2018.

Dectaration by those responsible for the Securities Note and the Additional Building Block.

IEEE TEO IE + vi taken al! reasonable care to ensure that such is the
case, decares that the information contained in the Securities Note and the Additional Building.
Blocks, to the best o hs knowledge, in accordance with the fact and contains no omission likely
to affetts import,

ISK FACTORS

“The specific risk factors regarding the Notes and the Receivables backing the isue are those
described respectively in setions land If the document Incorporated at the beginning of this
Prospectus under the heading “RISK FACTORS",

KEY INFORMATION
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in he issue

“The identity of the legal persons participating in the offer and the direct or indirect participation
held by them are described in section 52 of the Registration Document. The interest of such
persons as participants inthe offer o the issue of Notes is as follows:

INTERMONEY TITUUIZACIÓN, S.G.F.T, S.A. participates as the Management Company of the
Fund, as coordinator of the Rating Agencies and of the relationship with the supervisory
authorities and market operators, as legal and financial advisor on the structure of the
transaction

CAJAMAR CAJA RURAL, SOCIEDAD COOPERATIVA DE CRÉDITO participate as the Originatar of
the Loans, issuer of the MICS, subscriber of () THREE HUNDRED NINETEEN MILLION THREE.
HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€319,300,000) of Class A Notes (the total amount of Class
Notes and Class C Notes and (li) the Class D Notes and Class E Notes not placed among qualied
Investors by the Lead Manager, Loan Servicer pursuant to Aticle 262 of Royal Decree 716/2008,
and counterparty of the Fund in the Subordinated Loan Agreement for Initial Expenses, the
Subordinated Loan Agreement for the Commingling Reserve, the Loan Servicing Agreement, the
Back Up Servicing Agreement and it may also act as Treasury Account provider as provided in
accordance inthis Prospectus.

«e


a

E)

e

0

”

32

42.

cajamar

BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. partiipates as Arranger, as Lead Manager, as Paying Agent and as
provider of the Treasury Account, as counterpanty of the Fund under the Agency and Financial
Services Agreement and as a depositary of the Multiple Tie.

Finsolutia Spain, SLU ('Finsolutia”), participates as Back Up Servicer of the Loans and as
counterparty ofthe Fund under the Back. Up Servicing Agreement,

INSTITUTO DE CRÉDITO OFICIAL EP.£., pariipates as Subscriber for TWO HUNDRED EIGHTY
THREE MILLION FOUR HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€283,400,000) he Class A Mates

FITCH RATINGS ESPAÑA, S.A. particiates asa credit rating agency rating the Class ANotes, the.
las 8 Notes, the Class CNotes and the Class D Note.

DBRS RATINGS LIMITED participates as a credit rating agency rating the Class A Notes, the Class
Notes, he Class Cotes.

CUATRECASAS participats as the legal acvisor of the Lead Manager and Arranger and on the
structure of the transaction and has reviewed the legal and tax matters applicable to the Fund as
described in section 45.) of the Registration Document,

ALLEN 8 OVERY particpates as legal acvisor of Cajamar and has reviewed the Prospectus and the.
tructue ofthe transaction for the benefit of Cajamar.

PRICEWATERMOUSECOOPERS AUDITORES, S.L. participates as auditor of the Fund and as
independent company for the verification af series of atributes of the asignable portal of
Loans ofthe Fund for the purposes of complying with the provisons of Law 5/2015
Description of any interest, including conflcts that may be important to the isue and details of
the individuals involved and nature of such interest.

“The Management Company ¡s not aware of any relationship or economic interests between the
experts who have taken part in tho Note Issue except, as describe, the strictly professional one.
detailed in section 2. above and section 5.2 of the Registration Document

INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING
Total amount of the securities
Total issue amount

“The total ofthe Notes issued amounts to NINE HUNDRED SEVENTY TWO MILLION ONE HUNDRED

THOUSAND EUROS (€972,100,000), represented by NINE THOUSAND SEVEN HUNDRED ANO

TWENTYONE (9,721) Notes each with 2 nominal value of ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS

(£100,000) distributed in fie (5) classes of Notes (Clas A; Clas 8; las C; Class D and Clas EJ

each ofthem with the following nominal amount:

+ Class Az in the total nominal amount of SIX HUNDRED TWO MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED.
THOUSAND EUROS (€502,700,000), represented by SIX THOUSAND TWENTY SEVEN (6,027)
Notes each with nominal value of ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (E100,000) and ISI
code ESO205386007.

+ Class 8: in the total nominal amount of TWO HUNDRED TWENTY SIX MILLON FOUR.
HUNORED THOUSAND EUROS (€226,400/000), represented by TWO THOUSAND TWO.
HUNDRED ANO SIETY FOUR (2,264) Notes each with a nominal value of ONE HUNDRED.
THOUSAND EUROS (€100,000) and ISIN code ESO305386015,

+ Class Cin the total nominal amount of SIXTY FOUR MILLIONS THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND.
EUROS (£64,300,000), represented by SIX HUNDRED FORTY THREE (643) Notes each with a
nominal value of ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€100.000) and ISIN code
ESO305386023.

“


»

cajamar

+ Clas D: in the total nominal amount of FIFTY NINE MILLON SIX HUNDRED THOUSAND.
EUROS (£59,600,000), represented by FIVE HUNDRED NINETY SIX (536) Notes each with a
nominal value of ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€100.000) and ISIN code
ESO3OS386031.

+ Class Ez in the total nominal amount of NINETEEN MILLION ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND.
EUROS (€19,100,000), represented by ONE HUNDRED NINETY ONE (191) Notes each with a
nominal value of ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS [(€100.000) and ISIN code
ESO3OS386049.

Placement and subscription

The Lead Manager has agreed on a best efforts basis and upon the satisfaction of certain
conditions precedent to procure subscription for and/or place the Class D Notes and Class E
Notes during the Subscription Period with qualíled invesors for the purposes of Artie 39 of
Royal Decree 1310/2005, in accordance with the terms of the Management, Placement and!
Subscription Agreement, by way of description and not limitaion, legal entities that are
authorised or regulated to operate in the financial markets, including, creci institutions,
investment services companies, insurance companies, collective investment institutions and their
management companies, pension funde and their management companies, other authorised or
regulate financial institutions

Moreover, in accordance with the terms of the Management, Placement and Subscription
Agreement ICO and Cajamar (the “Subscribers” and each of them, indistiniively, the
“Subscriber” wil subscribe, in the terms set out below, Class A Notes, Class 8 Notes and Class C
Notes

¡CO shall subscribe TWO HUNDRED EIGHTY THREE MILLION FOUR HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS.
(€283,400,000) of Class A Notes and pay the total price o the face value of such Class A Notes on
the Disbursement Date to the Paying Agent, prior o or about 12:30 Madrid time,

Cajamar shall subscribe (1) the remaining THREE HUNDRED NINETEEN MILLION THREE HUNDRED
THOUSAND EUROS (€319,300,000) of Clas A Notes, () the total amount of Class B Notes and
Clas C Notes before 10:00 Madri timo, and (li) the Class D Notes and Class E Notes not placed!
among qualied investors by the Lead Manager in accordance with the Management, Placement
and Subscription Agreement on 19 December 2018, between 13:00 Madrid time and 1330
Madrid timo. Payment of the total price of the face value o such notes wil be made by means of
setting offthe relevant Receivables assigned to the Fund on the Disbursement Dat.

Cajamar willnot charge any fees for the subscription o (the Class A Notes that twil subscribe,
mor ) the Class B Notes and Class C Notes, nor, if appliabl, (li) the Class D Notes and Clas E
Notes.

“The obligatins of the Lead Manager under the Management, Placement and Subscription
Agreement are subject to the fulilment of the following conditions precedent before the
Subscription Period:

L That no breach of the representations, watrantias and other obligations of the
Management Company or the Originator under the Management, Placement and
Subscription Agreement and the other agreements signed by the Management Company
on behalf of the Fund have not been occurred,

li... That the signed legal opinion of Cuatrecasas has been delivered to Santander in a form
satistatory to lt

li... Thatthe Agency and Financial Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement for
Initial Expenses, the Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve, the Loan Servicing


42

43.

44.

iii) cajamar

Agreement, the Back-Up Servicing Agreement and the other agreements to be entered!
into by the Fund have been executed by the relevant partes thereto

“The obligatins o the Lead Manager under the Management, Placement and Subscription
Agreement are subject to the fullment of the following conditions precedent before the
Disbursement Date:

L That the Rating Agencies confirm the provisional ratings assigned to the Rated Notes on
orbefore the Disbursement Date;

ll. — That the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, has applied for the issuance of
the Notes to be admited to trading on AJAF and to be represented by means of book
entries in IBERCLEAR.

Additionally,the Lead Manager could terminate the Management Placement and Subscription
Agreement before 120 CET on the Disbursement Date (the maximum time for the
disbursement af the Notes), upon occurrence of any of the following events: () any
misrepresentation in relation to the representations and warranties made by the
Management Company and the Subscribers thereunder; () force majeure or extraordinary
alteration of the market conditions which, in the reasonable and justifed judgment af the.
Lead Manager and the Subscribers, could substantialy and adversely affect the fulfllment of
the Lead Manager obligatins, to the Subscribers' obligations or to the Issue of notes;
any change of law (including tax law) or the announcement or approval of any legislativo
proposal (including tax proposals) in Spain that may substantialy and adwersely affect the.
placement of the Notes or the rights of the Noteholders; or (lv) a modification on the ratings
(ue. f the Rating Agencies express their intention to decrease the ratinge or 'f they are.
considering to do 50

Description of type and las of securiie.

“The Notes will have the legal nature of negotiablefxed-income securities with a specified yield,
and are subject to the rules established in the Securities Market Act and the regulations in
implementation thereol, and are issued pursuant to Law 5/2015. The Notes are redeemable
through early redemption or upon final matuity.

Lave under which the securities have been created.

“The Notes are issued in accordance with the laws of Spain, and particularly in accordance with the
legal provision se forth in () Law 5/2015 and implementing provision; () the Securities Market
Act (li) Royal Decree 1310/2005; () Royal Dectee 878/2015, of October 2, 2015, on
compensation, settlement and registration of negotable secuiis represented through book
entries; (Y) Order 2537/2005 of the Ministry of the Economy and Finance of 10 November 2005,
implementing Article 27.4 of the Securities Market Act; and (ui) any such other legal and
regulatory provision as may be in force and applicable from time to time.

"This Securities Note has been prepared in accordance with the models established in Annex IL of
Regulation 809/2004.

Any issue, discrepancy or dispute relating to the Fund or the Notes issued with the bacing of the
Fund and arising during the operation or liqidationthereof, whether among the Noteholders or
between the Noteholders and the Management Company, vil be submitted to the Courts of the.
city of Madri, with th parties expressy waiving any other forum to which they may be entitled,

Representation of the secuitie.

“The Notes wil be represented by book entries in accordance with the provsions of Law 5/2015
and Royal Decree 878/2045, wil be created as such by vitue of their corresponding book entry,
and will be made out to the besrer. The Deed of Incorporation wil give rise to the effects
provided forin Article 7 o the Securities Market Act


il) cajamar

5. Currencyoftheissue.
“The Notes vil be denominated in EUROS.
45. Ranking.

On each Payment Date, the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, will apply the amount.
of Avalble Funds to payments and retentions in accordance with the Prioty of Payments
descrived in section 3.6 of the Additional Building Block.

4.6.1. Summary of the priority of the payment of interest on the Notes in the priority of payments of
the Fund

The payment of interest accrued by the Class A Notes occupies the (2) (second) place in the
application af Available Funds in the Priority of Payments set forth in section 3.453 of the
Additional Building Block and the (3”) (tr) place in the application of the Available Funds for
Liquidation in the Liquidaion Priority of Payments established in section 34.64 of the Adgitional
Building Block

The payment of interest accrued by the Class 8 Notes occupies the (2") (tir) place in the
application af Available Funds in the Priority of Payments set forth in section 3.453 of the
Additional Building Block and the (5”) (Ft) place in the application of the Available Funds for
Liquidation in the Liquidaion Priority of Payments established in section 34.64 of the Adgitional
Building Block

“he payment of interest accrued by the Class € Notes occupies the (4”) (fourth) place in the
application af Available Funds in the Priority of Payments set forth in section 3.653 of the
Adéitional Bulding Block and the (7”)(seventh) place in the application of the Avañlble Funds for
Liquidation in the Liquidaton Priority of Payments established in section 34.64 of the Additional
Building Block

“The payment of interest accrued by the Class D Notes occuples the (8") (sisth) place in the
application af Available Funds in the Priority of Payments set forth in section 3.453 of the
Additional Building Block and the (9")(ninth) place in the application of the Available Funds for
Liquidation in the Liquidaion Priority of Payments established in section 34.64 of the Additional
Building Block
“he payment of interest accrued by the Class E Notes occupies the (9") (ninth) place in the
application of Available Funds in the Priority of Payments set forth in section 3.453 of the
Additional Building Block and the (12”) (eleventh) place in the apeliation of he Available Funds
for Liquidation in the Liquidation Priority of Payments established in section 3.4.6 of the
Adiétional Bullding Black.

4.62 Summary ofthe priority of the payments of principal on the Notes in the priority of payments of
the Fund

5


if) cajamar

Upon the occurrence of a Subordination Event, Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class Notes and!
Clas D Notes wil amortse sequentia,apolying the Target Amortisation Amount by the following,
order of priority first, to repay Class A Notes unti repaid in ful) secondly to repay Class
Notes until repaid in ful; (1) third, to repay Class C Notes until repaid in fl) fourth, to
repay Class D Notes until epaid in fl.

Amortisaion on the Class E Notes ranks in (10th) tenth place in the Priority of Payments set forth
in section 3.4.5 0fthe Addltional Building Block.

In the Lquidation Priority of Payments set forth in section 3.4.6 of the Adeltional Building Block,
(1) repayment of the Outstanding Balance of Class A Notes occupies the (4) (fourth place; (|
repayment of the Outstanding Balance of Class 8 Notes occupies the (5*) (sxth) place;
repayment of the Outstanding Balance of Class C Notes occupies the (8) (egnth) place; 1)
repayment of the Outstanding Balance of Class D Notes occuples the (10) (tenth) place; and (v
repayment of the Outstanding Balance of Class E Notes occupiesthe (127) (bwelfth) place.

"Target Amortisation Amount” means the difference between () the Outstanding Balance of
Classes Ato D Notes and (the Outstanding Balance of he Performing Receivables

Pro-Rata Amortisation Ratio” means for each Class of Notes, the percentage that results from
the following rato: the Outstanding Balance of the relevant Class of Notes (except Class E Notes]
divided by the sum of the Outstanding Balance of the Class A to D Notes, and calculated for each
period using the Outstanding Balance of the Notes before the application f the Pro-Rata Target
Amortisation Amount fo the period on which twil be applied in the Priority of Payments.
Pro-Rata Target Amortisation Amount” for each Class of Notes, means an amount equal to the
Target Amortsation Amount multilied by the Pro-Rata Amortsation Ratio of each Clas of Notes,

'Subordination Event” means, after application of the Priority of Payments on a relevant
Payment Date, any ofthe following triggers below sin breach:

A thesumof
1. Target Amortisation Amount plus

ll the Required Reserve Amount minus the Reserve Fund amount on the relevant
Payment Date;

Divided by.

"The Outstanding Balance of the Performing Receivables s equal to or greater
than:

a. From the Date of Incorporation until four Payment Dates after the Date
of Incorporation, 1.25%;

b. From four Payment Dates after the Date of Incorporation [excluded the
fourth) until cight Payment Dates after the Date of Incorporation
(included the eight), 2.25%;

€. From eight Payment Dates after the Date of Incorporation (excluded the
eight) until twelve Payment Dates after the Date of Incorporation
(included the twelfth), 3.00%;


iii) cajamar

á. From twelve Payment Dates after the Date of Incorgoration [excluded
the twelft until sxtaen Payment Dates after the Date of Incorporation
(included the sixteenth), 4.00%;

e. From sisteen Payment Dates after the Date of Incorporation onwards,
4.50%,

For the avoidance of doubts, once the trigger above is in breach, amortization of the
notes wil remain sequential until Final Maturty Date,

B. The aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Performing Recelvables less Non principal
collections applied to reduce principal balance, falls below 10% of the aggregate
Outstanding Balance of Receivablesthereof on the Date of Incorporation.

For the avoidance of doubts, once the trigger above is in breach, amortization of the
Notes will remain sequential until Final Maturity Dat.

€. The sum of the ageregate Outstanding Balance of the Performing Receivables to the top
10 borrower groups is equal or greater than 10% the ageregate Outstanding Balance of
the Performing Recelvables.

For the avoidance of doubts, once the trigger above s in breach, a Subordination Event
vil occur and amortization of the notes val remain sequential until Final Maturity Date.

D. The Reserve Fund amount is lower than 50% of the Required Reserve Amount

For the avoidance of doubts, once the trigger *D” above is in breach, amortization of the
Notes wil remain sequentil, However if after application of the Priority of Payments on.
any Payment Date theresfter, the Reseme Fund amount is equal or greater than 50% of
the Required Reserve Amount, this Subordination Event wil no longer be considered in
reach and the transaction might switch back to pro.rata o the extent that no other
Subordination Event occur, or has occurred,

47. — Description ofthe rights attached to the securities and procedure for exercise of aid rights.

“The Notes described in this Securities Note do not create present and/or future rights for the
Investor as regards the IM BC CAPITAL 1. This is consstent with the nature of the FONDO DE
TITULIZACION as a passive holding entity [entidad patrimonial) without legal personality.

“The rights of investor associated with the acquisition and holding of the Notes wll be those
deriving from the right to recele interest payments, returns and other form of repayment are set
forth in sections 4. and 4.9 below.

“The Noteholders may not bring an action against the Management Company unles it breaches ts
payment obligations as described in this Prospectus or the Deed of Incorporation. Pursuant o
applicable law, the Management Company is the only authorised representatie of the Fund as
regards third paris and in any legal proceedings (but this is without to rights of representation
that may be granted by the Management Company to third parties),

“The obligations of the Orignator and of the other entities participating in the transaction are
limited to those included in the corresponding agreements relating o the IM BCC CAPITAL , wit
the most significant ones being described in this Prospectus and in the Deed of Incorporaton,

Any question or dispute concerning the Fund or the Notes issued with the backing thereof and
that may arise during the operation or liqidation thereol, whether among the Noteholders or
between the Noteholders and the Management Company, wil be submitted to the Courts of the.
city of Madrid, walving any other forum to which the parties may be entitled


482.

483.

il) cajamar

"Nominal interest rate and provision relating to interest payable.

AA Classes of Notes wil accrue, from Disbursement Date, until their ful redemption, an annual
fixed interest rate, payable quartely, as determined in section 482 of the Securities Note. This
interest will be paid quartely on each Payment Date, provided that the Fund has sufficient
liquidity in the Treasury Account, in accordance with the Priority af Payments in section 34.6 of
the Additional Building Block Interest accrual

“The term of the issue of the Notes wil be divided into successive Interest Accrual Periode
compriing the days clapsed between each Payment Date, including the initial Payment Date and!
exclucin the final Payment Date in each Interest Accrual Period, 1fsuch Payments Dates are nota
Business Day, the immediately following Business Day will be considered unless this entails 2
change in month, in which case, relevant Interest Accrual Period will end on the last Business Day
of the corresponding month

However, he First Interest Accrual Period wil begin on the Disbursement Date (included) and will
nd on the First Payment Date, 22 April 2019 (excluded), or if such ls not a Business Day, the
immediately folowing Business Day unless this entals change in month, in which case, the First
Interest Accrual Period wil end on the last Business Day of the corresponding month.

Interest Rate

“The following fixed Interest Rates wil apply o each Class Notes:

Class | interest
Rate
ClasA | 0312%
ClassB | 070%
Claesc | 230%
CasD | 79%
CassE | 1200%

Formula to determine the interest of the Notes

“The Management Company vil calculate the interest accrued by each Class of Notes on each
Interest Acerual Period in accordance with the following formula:

Nr

360

1

Where

1 = Interest acerued by the Notes during the Interest Accrual Period rounded to 2 decimal
places

IN = Outstanding Balance ofthe Notes at he beginning of the Interest Accrual Period

r = Nominal interest rate expressed as an annual percentage.

n= Number of calendar days in the Interest Accrual Period,
Dates, place, institutions and procedure for the payment of interest

ss


il) cajamar

Interest on the Notes (and their principal, in accordance with section 4. of the Securities Note)
il be paid on each Payment Date until they are fulyredeemed. Payment Date wil be 22" of
“January, April, July and October of every year, or the immediately following Business Day if such
days are not Business Days unless this entails a change in month, in which case, the relevant
Payment Date of interest of the Notes of each Class wil be the last Business Day of the
corresponding month

“he First Payment Date of interest of the Notes of each Class shall e 22 April 2019 (or if such is
ot a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day unless this entails a change in month,
in which case, the First Payment Date of interest of the Notes of each Class wil be the last
Business Day ofthe corresponding month),

Business Days” will be those that are not:
+ Aholidayinthe city of Madrid; or

+ Aholiday according to the TARGETZ calendar (Trans European Automated Real.Time Gross
Settlement Express Transfer System). According to the technical apcation 1/2008 of the
Bank of Spain's General Directorate of Transactions, Markets and Payment Systems,
TARGETZ operates every day except Saturdays, Sundays, New Years Day, Good Friday and!
Faster Monday according to the ECB calendar), and May 1”, Christmas Day and December
EA

If on a Payment Date, and despite the mechanisms established to protect the rights of the
Noteholders, the Available Funds are nsuffcient to meet the interest payment obligtions under
the Notes, the amount available to pay interest wil be distributed in accordance with the Priority
of Payments and the Liquidation Priority of Payments established in sections 3.1.6.3 and 34.6 01
the Additional Building Block, and if the Available Funds are only suffcent to partily full the
payments with the same ranking, independently and for each one, the amount will be distributed!
among the affected Notes in progortionto the Outstanding Balance of the Notes. The amount
that remain outstanding shall be paid on the following Payment Date possible without accruíng.
additional or default interest, The payments due to the Noteholders will be paid on the following.
Payment Date (there are sufiient Avallable Funds o do 50) immediately before the payment of
the same Class for the new period and in accordance with section 34.6 of the Additional Building.
Block.

Eisting withholdings, payments in advance or taxes levied orto be levied inthe future, in relation
to capita, interes or yield of these Notes shall be borne exclusively by the Noteholders and the.
amount will be deducted, when necessary, by the appropriate institution in the legally established
procedure

Payment will be made through the Paying Agent, which will use Iberciear and is participating
institutions to distbute the amounts to the Noteholders in accordance with their established

procedures. Payment of interests and amortsation will be notified to the Noteholders in the
events and with the notice established for each situation described in 4.1 of the Additional
Building Block

4.85. Description of any episode of market ditortion ofunderling ate
Not applicable.

4.8.5. Rules or adjustment of underking rates
Not applicable.

487. Calculation Agent

“The nominal Interes Rate will be calculated by the Management Company.

56


il) cajamar

3. — Redemption ofthe securtis. Redemption price

“he redemption price of the Notes will be ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€100,000) per
Note, equivalent to their face value, free of charges and taxes for the Noteholder, payable
progressively an each principal Payment Date, a set out in the folowing sections

Each and every one of the Notes will be repaid in the same amount through the reduction of the.
face value of each Note.

492. Dateandforms ofredemption

“The Final Maturity Date ofthe Notes wiltake place on the date on which they are fulyredeemed
or on the Legal Maturity Date of the Fund, Le, 22 April 2037 or on the following Business Day.
áthout prejudice to the Management Company redeeming the ssue of Notes prior to the Legal
"Maturity Date of the Fund in accordance with section 4.4.3 0h Registration Document.

“The Notes will be redeemed by means of reduction in their face value thereof on the 22" day of
January, April, July and October of each year (or the following Business Day) until full
redemption thereof in accordance with the ordinaryredemption rules set forth below, unless th.
Avallable Funds in the Treasury Account are insufiient for such purpose.

493. Redemption ofthe Notes

“The amortsation of the Notes will take place on each Payment Date, in accordance with this
section and subject to the Priority of Payments and the Liquidation Priority of Payments
established in sections 31.63 and 3.454 of the Additional Building Block. Outstanding Balance of
the Notes on a Payment Date wil be the balance pending amortsaton prior to the amortsation to
take place an such Payment Date.

3) Redemption Rules for the Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class € Notes and Class D Notes

The amortisation of the Class A, Class B Notes, Class € Notes and Class D Notes wil begin on
the Frst Payment Date the Fund!

On each Payment Date, Available Funds for the redemption of the Class A Notes, Class 8
Notes, Class C Notes and Clas D Notes will be distributed pro.rata between Class A, Cass
Notes, Class Cand Class D Notes untilullredemption, unless a Subordination Event occur

On each Payment Date, the Available Funds for the redemption f the Class A Notes, Class
Notes, Class C Notes and Class D Notes shall equal the Pro-Rata Target Amortistion Amount.
for Class A Notes, Class B Notes Cass Notes and Class D Notes,

For the avoidance of doubts and provided there were sufiient Avalable Funds, interest on
Clas D wil be paid before payment of principal of Class D Notes under pro rata amortizatio,

Notuithstanding the above, in the Payment Date immediately following a Subordination
Event, the Target Amorisation Amount for the redemplion of the Class A Notes, Class B
Notes, Class € Notes and Class D Notes wil be applied fist to amorise Class A Notes until
their ful redemption, secondly to Class 8 Notes until their full redemption,thialyto Class C
Notes until their ful redemprion and fourth to Class D Notes until their ful redemption,

b) Redemption Rules for the Class E Notes.

las E Notes wi be amortised according to the Priority of Payments set out in section 3.4.5
of the additional Bullding Block. No Available Funds for the redemption of Class A Notes,
Clas B Notes, Clas C Notes and Class D Notes will o applied to the amortisation of Class E
Notes.

From the First Payment Date, and on each subsequent Payment Date, the Management.
Company vil apply to the amortisation o Class E Notes an amount equal to the higher of:


430,

il) cajamar

(0 Class E Redemption Amount; and
(iD the class ETarget Amortisation Amount;

unless a Subordination Event has occurred, After the redemption of Class D Notes, and
following the occurrence of a Subordinaion Event, the amounts applied to the redemption
of Class £ Nates wil be the Available Funde on such Payment Date as described in section
34.61 of the Additional Bulldng Block, minus the amounts corresponding to the concepts
mentioned in sections (to (1) of the Priority of Payments described in section 3.4.63 of
the Additional Building Block

“class E Redemption Amount” means 3 constant instalment equal to €2,387,500 pls, if
applicable, the addition of all the shorts in the payment of such amount in any previous
Payment Date.

“class E Target Amortisation Amount” means an amount equal to:

(0 the Reserve Fund in the previous period minus the Required Reserve Amount in the
current Payment Date, or

(61. Zero (0), if (a) the Reserve Fund had not been funded up to the Required Reserve
Amount on the immediately previous Payment Date or (b) the Outstanding Balance.
of the Non-Performing Receivables divided by the Outstanding Balance of all the
Recelvables onthe Date of Incorporation is greater than 4.50%.

Early redemption of allthe Notes issued

Regardles of the obligaion of the Fund to redeem the Notes on the Legal Maturity Date of th
Fund or make partial redemptions on each Payment Date as stated in the foregoing sections, the
Management Company is obliged to engage in an early liquidation of the Fund and along.
therenith the early redemption of all Notes issued, upon the terms set forth in section 44.3 of
the Registration Document, and to distribute the Available Funds for Liquidation in accordance
th the Liquidation Priority of Payments set out in section 3.4.6.4 of the Additional Buiding
Block.

Indication ofinvestor yield and calcuation method!

“The average life, yield, duration and final redemption of the Notes depend on several factors, of
uhich the most Sgnificant are the following

The amortisation schedule of each of the Loans according to their corresponding contract.

The ability of the Deblors to prepay totally or partalythe Loans. his Prospectus estimates a
prepayment rate (CPR) in order to make the calcuations included in the Securities Note.

The arrears and defaults of the Debtors of the Loans,

For the charts of this section, the following values are used for the abovementioned factors,
taking as reference the Preliminary Portfolio with a cut-offdate on 11 November 2018:

(0 Reference Interest Rate of the Loans: the current reference interest rate of each Loan,
maintained constant until its redemption in fl.

(6) Repayment system: Loan repayment system, grace period and payment of coupons
remain constant until their redemption in fal.

(ii) The average interest rate of he Preliminary Portfolio 1 2.77%, To this effect, fte sum of
a Loan's base interest rte and its margin ls negative, the assumption is that the interest
paid by such loans ero

(iv) Assumption of the amortisation schedule for each Loan, and the three annual CPR (5%,
10% and 15%) constant over the le of the Fund. Such rates are consistent with those
nes observed by the Orignator from loans similar to those of the Preliminary Portfolio

se


a

(a
0)

5)

(9

0

oa
a

) cajamar

Arrears rate (delay in payments over 90 days): annual arrears rate of O.751559% of the.
Outstanding Balance of the Recelvabls,

That rate is consstent with the weighted average of the latest rates of arrears af more.
than 90 days observed by the Orignator. Such rates are not calculated from the same.
portfolio or in the same way that the rate applied to the Originator portfolio in section
3. ofthe Additional Building Block, and, therefore, cannot be compared!

Recovery Rate 71 4034810 after 18 months.

The Disbursement Date: 20 December 2018

Interest Rate of the Notes

Class | interest
Rate

ClasA | 0312%

Classa | 070%

Clasc | 230%

Caso | 79%

ClassE | 120%

The initial weighted average Interest rate ofthe Notes is 1.19%.

Al these hypothesis are reasonable and based on the historical performance of Cajamar

loans that share similar characteristics to those from which the Receivables that will be.

assigned to the Fund,

The remuneration of the amounts deposited in he Treasury Account ls assumed to be.

There will be no Subordination Event.

Each of the following scenaros ae contemplated herein

a. Exercise the Clear-up Call Option by the Originator as disclosed in item 4.432, ofthe
Registration Document;

b. NootherCall Options willbe exercise from the Orginator.

Inthe scenario described above, the Final Maturity of the Notes and the average lie of the
Notes, IRR and Duration of the various CPRs would be as follows:

so


[class a — [mecageute gero] 291 25 225
fa E ICE E
[ouasosger | 23 | 252 224

[ass s — [merageutefyeersi] 291 250 225
[owrasos gear | 235 Za Za

[ass o [mueragentefyeors]| 29 EE ER
[owraron ger | 272 240 zas

[ass o — [merageute(yesrst] 291 25 225
la, zaoss | 75008 | 18088
Jouranos ar] 232 207 13

[ass e [averageute(yesrsr[ 119 Lar 215
[burros ger | iso | 09 037

Fondon accua near | 0520] ossí | os

Date o the quidanos ote runa 72/04/2076] 22/08/2023 | 22/07/2024

Tables with the assumed principal and interest payment of the Notes

“he information included in the following tables is presented for ilustrtive purposes only and it
does not represent the Fund's specific payment obligations to third parties on the dates or
periods to which they correspond, The data have been elaborated under assumptions of interest
rate, delinquencies and regular and prepayment rates ofthe Loans described above and which are
subject to constant change, and as a consequence, investors interested in the Fund's expected!
calendar of payments should request the information from the institutions authorised to,
distribute it, the Management Company and the CNMV.

As indicated in 4.10 above, in order to produce these tables 3 annual constant prepayment rates
have been assumed (5, 10 and 15%) for the entre lie othe Fund!

EiEst

Hi!



qu]

AL. Representation ofthe security holders.

Pursuant to the provision of Article 26 of Law 5/2015, the Management Company will act with
utmost dilgence and transparency in defense of the best interests of the Noteholders and!
financial crecitors o th Fund,

oimtly with the Noteholders, the Subordinated Loan Provider will be the only crecior diferent to
a Noteholder entitled to participate in the Meeting of Creditors. Additional, the Meeting of
Cresitors will be established upon and by virtue of the Deed of Incorporation and wil remain in
force and in efect until repayment of the Notes in fll or cancelltion of the Fund. The provisions
relatingto the Meeting of Crediors are contained in the Rules.

“he terms and conditions of the rules for the Meeting of reditors (the “Rules” or the “Rules for
the Meeting of Creditors") are the following:

a


il) cajamar

RULES FOR THE MEETING OF CREDITORS

mer
GENERAL PROVISIONS

Artie
General

11 Accordingto Article 37 of Law 5/2015, the Meeting of Creditors will be valily constitute
upon execution ofthe Dee of Incorporation of the Fund,

12 — Thetermsand conditions of these Rules are deemed to form part of each Note issued by.
the Fund,

13. The Rules also govern the relationship of the Noteholders with any third person acting as
Subordínated Loan Provider the “Other Creditors”). No credito of the Fund other than.
the Noteholders and the Other Creditors shall have the right to vote at any Meeting of
Creditors although they wil be bound by any resolution adopted by such Meeting
according to the Rules. Nevertheless, the Meeting of Creditos wil not be entiled to
adopt any resolution afecting the rights of any third party which isa service provider to
the Fund to receive lt remuneration pursuant to a valid agreement entered into the Fund!
and whose payments rank senior to any payments to be made to the Noteholders or the
Other Creditors acording to the Priority of Payments

14. Any matterrelating to the Meeting of Creditors which is not regulated under these Rules
shall be regulated in accordance with Article 37 of the Law 5/2015 and, f appicabo, in
accordance with the provisions contained in Royal Decree-Law 1/2010 of2 July approving,
the Restated Text of the Capital Companies Act (“Capital Companies Act”) as amended,
relatíng to the Security holders Syndicate.

15 Anyand all Noteholders and Other Crediors are members of the Meeting of Crecitors
and shall he subject to the provisions established in these Rules (as these may be
modified by the Meeting of Creditors from time to time),

16 — The Meeting of Creditors shall be comvened by the Management Company and any.
decisions made by the Management Company in connection with the convening of
meeting, whether these are combined or separated and in general any decision made.
under the diseetion rights granted to the Management Company by these Rules will have.
the objective of defending the best interests of al Noteholders of all Classes of Notes and
the Other Creditors and without any distincion between the Noteholders of any Clas and!
Other Creditors. Any information glven to Noteholders of any Class or the Other Creditors
must be given to the Notebolders of he rest of Ciasses and the Other Creditos

Artide2
Definitions

All capitaised terms of these Rules not othenvise defined herein shall have the same meaning set
forthin the Prospectus and the Deed of Incorporation

In addition, in this Rules:

- “Early Liquidation Resolution” means an Extraordinary Resolution to decide on the Early
Liquidation of the Fund in accordance with Article 23.2 E) of Law 5/2015,

6


31

32

ar

iii) cajamar

“Written Resolution” means resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of al Noteholders
and Other Creditors who are then entitled to receive notice of 3 Meeting of Creditos in
accordance with these Rules, whether such resolution is contained in one or several
documents inthe same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more such Noteholders
or by or on behalf one or more of the Other Creditos

“Resolution” means a resolution passed () at a Meeting of Crediors by Noteholders of one.
or several Classes of Notes and/or Other Creditors or) by virtue of a Written Resolution,

“Transaction Party" means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document and!
“Transaction Parties” means some oral of them

“Transaction Documents” means the allowing documents: () Deed of Incorporation of the
Fund; (1) the Management, Placement and Subscription Agreement; (i) the Subordinated
Loan Agreement for Initial Expenses; (w) the Subordinated Loan for the Commingig.
Reserue +) the Agency and Financial Services Agreement; (ui) the Loan Servicig Agreement;
(vi) the Back.Up Servicing Agreement and (vil) any other documents executed from time to,
time after the Date of Incorporation in connection with the Fund and designated as such by
the relevant artis.
Artie
Separate and combined meetings

An Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution which affecs the Noteholders of
ne or more Classes of Notes and/or the Other Crediors but does not give rise to an
actual or potential conft of interest between the Noteholders of diferent Clases of
Notes and/or the Other Crecitors shall e transacted at a separate Meeting of Crecitors
for the Noteholders of each Clas of Notes or the Other Creditors or at a single Meeting
af Creditor of the Noteholders of al Classes of Notes and the Other Crediors, as the
Management Company shall determine atits absolute disretion
An Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution which affecs the Noteholders of
different Classes of Notes and/or the Other Creditors and gives rise to an actual or
potential conflict of interest between he Noteholders of any such Clases of Notes and/or
the Other Creditos shall be transacted at separate Meetings of Creditos of the
Noteholders of each of the affected Classes of Notes and, if applicable, of the Other
Creditors.
Artie
"Meetings convened by Noteholders and Other Creditors

AA Meeting of Creditors shall be convened by the Management Company upon the request
in writing ot

(0 Noteholders oa Class or Classes holding no les than 10 per cent of the aggregate.
Outstanding Balance of Notes of the relevant Clas or Classes; or

(1) Other Creditors holding no less than 10 per cent of the outstanding princial
“amount due to such Other Creditrs.

6


42

51

52

53

54

51

62

iii) cajamar

Unless otherwise provided under these Rules, the Noteholders and the Other Crediors
are not entitled to instruct or direct the Management Company to take any actions
vithoutthe consent of the Meeting o Crediors
amen
MEETING PROVISIONS

Artie
Convening of Meeting
The Management Company:
(0 may, at ts sole discetion and at any time, convene a Meeting of Creditor in
relation to one or several Classes o Notes and/or the Other Crecitors and

(il shall convene a Meeting of Crecitors in relation to one o several Clases of Notes
and/or the Other Creditors if so instructed by the relevant percentage of
Noteholders or Other Creditors as set forth in section 4.1 above.

Whenever the Management Company ls about to convene any such meeting, it shall
immediately give notice of the date thereof and of the nature of the business to be
transacted thereat through the publication of material event (techo relevante) with th.
CNMV.

The resources needed and the costs incurred for each Meeting of Creditos shall be
provided and borne by the Fund as Extraordinary Expenses

The Management Company shall designate a representative for each Meeting of
Creditors therefore, no commisioner (comisario) sha be appointed for any Meeting of
Creditors.

Artie 6

Notice

The Management Company sha gie at least 21 calendar days' notice by means of the
procedure established in section 4.3 of the AdgitionalBuiiing Block (exclusive of the day
on which the notice is published and of the day on which the meeting is to be held)
specifying the date, Eme and place of the initial Meeting of Crectors("niial Meeting”)
tothe Noteholders and Other Creditors

Without prejudice to the above, the Management Company may adjourn such Initial
Meeting for 10 calendar days in the event that the relevant quorum fr the Initial Meeting
is not met (“Adjourned Meeting".

Artie 7
Quorums at Initial Meetings and Adjourned Meetings

Quorum at Initial Meetings;

71

72

The quorum at an Initial Meeting for one or several Classes of Notes conuened to decide
¡on an Ordinary Resolution shall be at least one or more persons holding or representing.
50,01% of the Outstanding Balance of the Notes of each of the Clas or Classes convened,

The quorum at any Initial Meeting for one or several Clases of Notes convened to decide

(0 anExtraordinary Resolution other than an Early Lquidation Resolution) shall e
At least one or more persons holding or representing not les than seventy- Ive

ss


iii) cajamar

per cent (75%) of the Outstanding Balance of the Notes of the relevant Class or
Classes comvened;

(6). an Early Lquidation Resolution hall be at least one or more persons holding or
representing not less than seventy-fve per cent (75%) f he Outstanding Balance
fthe Notes of the relevant Class or Classes and seventy-five percent (75%) of the
outstanding principal amount due to each ofthe Other Creditors

uorums at Adjourned Meetings:

73. The quorum at any Adjourned Meeting for one or several Classes of Notes convened to,
decide on an Ordinary Resolution shall be at least one or more persons being or
representing Noteholders of the relevant Class or Classes convened, irrespectve of the.
aegregate Outstanding Balance of the Notes held by the Noteholders of such Class or
Classes.

74. The quorum at any Adjourned Meeting for one or several Classes of Notes convened to,
decideon:

(0 anExtraordinary Resolution other than an Early Lquidation Resolution) shall e
atleast one or more persons holding orrepresenting not less than thirty.threo per
cent (33%) of the Outstanding Balance of the Notes of the relevant Class or
Classes convened!

(6). an Early Lquidation Resolution shall be at least one or more persons holding or
representing not less than seventy-fv per cent (75%) f he Outstanding Balance
ofthe Notes of the relevant Class or Classes and seventy-fve percent (75%) of the
outstanding principal amount due to each ofthe Other Creditors

Quorums of Other Crecitors

75 There is mo minimum quorum of Other Cresitors for either an Initial Meeting or an
Adjourned Meeting convened to decide an an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary
Resolution other than an Early Liquidation Resolution, in which case one or more persons.
holding or representing not less than seventysiwe per cent (75%) of the outstanding
principal amount due to each of the Other Credito sal attend),

For the purposes of caculating the relevant quorum, the entítlemnt of the Noteholders and!
Other Creditors to attend the meeting shall bo determined by reference to the Outstanding.
Balance of the Notes of the relevant Class or Clases or the outstanding princial due to each of
the Other Creditors on the immediately preceding Payment Date to the convening of the Meeting.
Artie
Required Majority

81 An Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution is valigy passed at any Initial

Meeting and/or Adjourned Meeting when:

(0 inrespectofan Ordinary Resolution oran Estraordinary Resolution (other than an.
Early Liquidation Resolution , not less than seventy-fue per cent (75%) of the
votes cast by the Noteholders af esch of the Classes of Notes and/or the Other
Creditorsattending the meeting have been cast in favour thereol, or

(6) in respect of an Early Liquidation Resolution, nat less than seventy.fve per cent
(75%) of the tatal outstanding principal held by the Noteholders and not les than
seventy-ive per cent (75%) of the total outstanding principal held by the Other
Crediors have been cast in favour thereo!, also taking into account those not
attending the relevant meeting,

6s


91

101

iii) cajamar

For the purposes of calculating the relevant required majority, the voting rights of the
Noteholders and Other Creditrs shall be determined by reference to the Outstanding.
Balance of the Notes of the relevant Class or Classes or the outstanding principal due to
each of the Other Creditors an the immediately preceding Payment Date to the convening,
ofthe Meeting.

Artie
Viriten Resolution

A Written Resolution in relation to an Ordinary Resolution or an Extrardinary Resolution
is vall passed when ithas been signed by or on behalf of

(0 the Noteholders holding one hundred per cent (100%) of the Outstanding Balance.
ofthe Notes of th relevant Class or Classes afected by such resolution; and/or

(1) byandonbehaltofthe and Other Crecitors holding one hundred per cent (100%)
fte outstanding principal held by the Other Creditrs.

Article 0
Matters requiring an Extraordinary Resolution
Any Reserved Matter must be approved by an Extaordinary Resolution
Article 12
Reserved Matters
The following are “Reserved Matters

(0 to changerany date fixed for the payment of principal or interest in respect of
the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal r interest due on any date in
respect of the Notes orto alter the method of calelatng the amount of any
paymentin respect ofthe Notes on redemption or maturiy

li) to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are

payable;
(li) toaterthe priority of payment ofinterest or principal in respect ofthe Notes
(ito cange te quorum required at any Meeting of Creditors or the majority

required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;

(W) to authorise the Management Company or (if relevant) any other Transaction
Party to perform any act or omission which ls mot expresalyregulated under
the Deedof Incorporation and other Transaction Documents;

(ul to agprove the cancellaion of the Fund in accordance with Article 23.2) of
Law 5/2015;
(vi) to apgrove any proposal by the Management Company for any modification of

the Deed of Incorporation or any arrangement in respect of he obligations of
the Fund under or in respect of the Notes (except when, in accordance with
section 4.41 of the Registration Document, the amendments to the Deed of
Incorporation are of minor relevance in CNMV s opinion, which will need to be
documented by the Management Company)

(vi) to instruet the Management Company or any other person to do all that may
be necessary to ge effetto any Extraordinary Resolution;

(00 to give any other authorisation or approval which under the Deed of
Incorporation or the Notes required to be given by Extraoréinary Resolution;

66


21

22

23

124

25

125

127

28

iii) cajamar

1 to appoint any persons as a committee to represent the interests af the
Noteholders and to confer upon such committee any powers which the
Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; and

1) to amendthis definition of Reserved Matters

Article 2
Relationships between Noteholders and Other Creditors

Resolution adopted by the holders of the Class A Notes will bind the holders of the Class
8 Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes and the Class E Notes as well s the Other
Creditors, save where they relate to a Reserved Matter in accordance with 12: below.
However neither he Resoluions adopted by the holders of each of the Class B Notes, the
Class € Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes nor the Other Creditos shall bind the.
holders of the Class A Notes, Unless such Resolution has been voted and approved by the.
holders of the Class AMNotes.

Resolutions adopted by the holders of the Clas 8 Notes will bind the holders of the Class
€ Notes, the Class D Notes and the Class E Notes as well as Other Creditors, save where.
they relate to a Reserved Matter in accordance with 12.5 below. However neither the
Resolutions adopted by the holders of the Class € Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E
Notes nor the Other Creditors shall bind the holders of the Class 8 Notes, unless such.
Resolution has been voted and approved by the holders of the Cass B Notes.

Resolutons adopted by the holders of the Class C Notes wi bind the holders ofthe Class
1D Notes and the Class E Notes as well as Other Creditors, save where they relate to 2
Reserved Matter in accordance with 125 below. However neither the Resoltions
adopted by the holders of the Class D Notes and the Clas E Notes nor Other Creditors
shall bind the Class C Notes, unles such Resolution has been voted and approved by the.
holders o the Class C Notes

Resolutions adopted by the holders ofthe Clas D Notes will bind the holders of the Cass
E Notes as well as Other Creditors, save where they relate to a Reserved Matter in
accordance with 12.5 below. However neither the Resolutions adopted by the holders of
the Clas E Notes nor Other Crecitors hall bind the Class D Notes, unless such Resolution
has been voted and approved by the holders of the Class D Notes.

No Extraordinary Resolution (other than an Early Liquidation Resolution, which shall e.
approved in accordance with the rules in Article 8.1 (1) above) that ls passed by the
holders of one Class of Notes or the Other Creditrs shall be efective unless it is
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of each of the other Classes of
Notes then outstanding.

Any resolution affecting Class of Notes or the Other Crediors passed at a Meeting of
Creditors duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules and the Deed of
Incorporation shall be binding upon all Noteholders of such Clas of Notes and the Other
Creditors, whether or not present at such meeting and whether or not voting.

In adgition, so long as any Notes are outstanding and there is a confit between the
interests o (1) the Noteholders of all or some Classes of Notes and (i) the Other Creditors,
the Management Company shall ave regard solely to the interests of the Noteholders in
the exercise of ítsdicreton.

The Management Company shall not be obliged to solve any conc of interest between
Noteholders of different Classes of Notes. No challenge or claim may be pursued against
the Management Company for any action taken as 2 result ofthe implementation of any
Ordinary or Extracráinary or Wiiten Resolution duly passed by the Meeting of Creditors

6


az

2

br

E)

according to the Rules, even ¡ft could result in any conflict of interests between
Noteholders of the same or diferent Classes and/or Other Creditors, and regardless the
rights ofthe confited parties to claim to each other,

Article 13
Domicile

131. The Meeting of Creditore domicle located at the Management Company s registered
ffce,l., Píncipe de Vergara 131, Madrid (Spain)

132 However, the Meeting of Crediors may meet whenever appropriate at any other venue in
the cisy of Madrid, with express specification in the notice of cal ta meeting

mE
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

Article 14
¡Govering law and jurisiction

141 These Rules and any noncontractual oblgations arsing therefrom or in comection
therewith are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of Spsin

142 Alldisputes arising out of or in connection with these Rule, including those concerning.
the valóty, interaretation, performance and termination here, shall be exclusively
settled by the Courts of the city of Madrid,

Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtue of which the securities ae issued.
Corporate resolutions
Resolution to create the Fund and issue the Notes:

“The Board of Diretors of the Management Company, a its meeting held on 27 September 2018,
resowedto:

(1 incorporate the Fund, pursuant to Law 5/2015 and other current applicable provisins and!
regulations;

(pool the Recelvables, derved from the loans granted by Cajamar to the Debtors, in the
Fan

(ii) issue the Notes

Resolution to assgn the Recelvables:

The Executive Commission of Cajamars Governing Council, at its meeting held on 15 October
2018, approved the assignmentto the Fund ofthe Receivabls

Registration by the CNMV
"This Prospectus was recorded in the Official Register f the CNMV on 13 December 2018.
Certification of the Deed of Incorporation of the Fund

Once the CNMV files the Prospectus, the Management Company and Cajamar, acting as
Originator, wil praceed to grant the Deed of Incorporation of the Fund. The Deed of
Incorporation wil be executed before the Date of Subscription o the Notes.

se


cajamar

On behalf of the Fund, the Management Company represents that the contents of the Deed of
Incorporation wil be fully consstent with the provision of the draft Deed of Incorporation filed
it the CNMV. Under no circumstances wil the terms of the Deed of Incorporation contradict,
modify, alter or invalidate th rules set fort in this Prospectus.

“The Management Company wil deliver a copy of the Deed of Incorporation to the CNMV to be
filed int public records

In case of any discrepancy or inconsisteney between this Prospectus and the Deed ol
Incorporation the Prospectus shall preval

413. lssuedate
"The issue date ofthe Notes wil be 14 December 2018.

4.134. Group of potential investors

“he placement of Cass D Notes and Class E Notes is aimed at qualfied investors for the purposes
of Article 39 of Royal Decree 1310/2005, ¡.e, for descriptive purposes and not lmited o, legal
persons authorised or regulated to operate ín financial markets, including credit institutions,
investment services companies, insurance companies, collective investment institutions and their
management companies, pension funde and their management companies, other authorised or
regulate financial entities, ete

“he issuance of the Class D Notes and Class E Notes is directed towards qualiied investos (as
defined in Article 39 of Royal Decres 1310/2005), Additionall, Class A Notes, Clas B Notes and!
Class € Notes will be subscribed by ICO and Cajamar. By subscribing the Notes, each Noteholder
agrees to the terms of the Deed of Incorporation and this Prospectus.

4.132 Subscription Period

The Management Company will enter into a Management, Placement and Subscription
Agreement ofthe Notes

By virtue ofthe said agreement, CO shall subscribe TWO HUNDRED EIGHTY THREE MILLION FOUR.
HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (£253,400,000) of Class A Notes and Cajamar wil subscribe 1) the
remaining THREE HUNDRED NINETEEN MILUON THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS
(€319,300,000) of Clas A Notes, (i) he total amount of the Class B Notes and Clas C Notes and
(ri) any Class D Notes and Class E Notes not placed among qualified investors by the Lead
Manager,

Cajamar willnot charge any fees for the subscription of () the Class A Notes that twil subscribe,
mori) the Class B Notes and Class C Notes, nor, if applicabl, () th Class D Notes and Class E
Notes. Any placement fees to the Lead Manager or any fees to the Arranger wil be paid by
Cajamar and not by the lssuer

"The Subscription Period wil begin at 03:00 Madrid time on 19 December 2018 and wil end on the
same date at 12:00 Madrid time. Once the Subscription Period has ended, and before 12:30
Madrid time on the same day, the Lead Manager will notify Cajamar and the Management.
Company of the number and amount of he Class D Notes and Class E Notes that have been
placed. Cajamar undertakes to subscribe the remaining Class D Notes and Class E Notes not
placed among qualíied investors by the Lead Manager in accordance with the Management,
Placement and Subscription Agreement on 19 December 2018, between 13:00 Madrid time and!
13:30 Madrid time

4133. Disbursement date and form.
“he Disbursement Date wil be 20 December 2018.

6


10

il) cajamar

The cisbursement of the amounts of the Notes will be paid by the subscrbing entities in
accordance with the Management, Placement and Subscription Agreement. The issue price o the.
Notes will be at par.

On the Disbursement Date, the Lead Manager will pay to the Fund into the Treasury Account.
before 15:00 Madrid time through the Paying Agent the amount received from the subscribers of
the Class D Notes and Clas E Notes actually placed, and the amount received from ICO for th
subscription OÍTWO HUNDRED EIGHTY THREE MILLION FOUR HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS
(€283,400,000) of the Class A Notes for value that same da.

Before 12:30 Madrid time on the Disbursement Date, fo value that day () CO must pay the Lead!
Manager the price of Class A Notes to be subscribed by ICO and (i) the Class D and Class E
Noteholders must pay the Lead Manager the price of the issue of the Class D Notes and Class E
Notes subscribe,

Furthermore, (the amount of Class A Notes subscrbed by Cajamar, () the total amount of the.
Clas 8 and Class C Notes and fi) the amount of he Class D and Class E Notes that were not
placed by the Lead Manager with qualied investors, f any, wil be setofí against the amounts
that Cajamar as Orginator would receive for the asignment o the Receiables.

Restricions on free transferabilty of the securities.

“The Notes may be freely transferred by any means alowed by law and in accordance with AJAF
standards. The ownership of each Note will be transferred by book.entry transfer. The
registration of the transfer in favor of the acquirer in the book-entry register wil have the same.
effects as the transfer of the certificates and, s from such time, the transfer may be challenged
bythird parties

ADMISSION TO LISTING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS
Indication of the market where the securities wil be listed and traded.

“he Management Company vil request the admision of the issue of al the Notes to trading on
the AIAF. The Management Company wil also, on behalf the Fund, request the inclusion f the.
issue in Irclear so that clearance and settlement may bo carried out under the operating rules
established or that may be approved in the future by Iberciear with regard to the secunties
dmittedto trading on the AIAF and represented by book entres.

“The Management Company undertakes to complete the registration of the issue of all the Notes
on the AlAF within a period of thity (30) days from the Disbursement Date once the
corresponding authorisations have been obtained!

“The Management Company, in the name and on behalf of the Fund, states that itis aware ofthe
requirements and conditions that may be requested for the listing, maintenance and de-lting of
the securtias with AIAF in accordance with applicable regulations as well as the requirements by
the governing bodies of the later, and the Management Company undertakes to comply
theremith.

In the event of a fallre to meet the deadine for admission of the Notes to trading, the
Management Company undertakes to provide a notice of material event with the CNMV and
make the announcement in the Daly Bulletin Of the ATAF or in any other media generally
accepted by the market which guaranteos adequate disseminaton of th information, in time and!
content, concerning the reasons for such breach and the new date for admission of the issued!
securitis to trading, without prejudce to the possible labiity o the Management Company th
breach is dueto reasons atrbutablethereto.

It is not expected that here wil be an agreement with any entity to provide liquidity for the
Notes during the termo the issue


52.

Paying Agent and Depository Agents.
Paying Agent:

“The Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, appoints Santander, which undertakes to be
the Paying Agent. The obligations assumed by Santander in it condition as Paying Agent include.
the following:

(1 Disbursement ofissue

The Paying Agent wil pay the Fund, before 15:00 (Madrid time) on the Disbursement Date.
aná for value that same day, all amounts which are paid thereto by ICO and the Noteholders
f Class D Notes and Class E Notes in accordance with the provisions f the Management,
Placement and Subscription Agreement, by means of a deposit into the Treasury Account of
the Fund,

Cajamar will pay into the Treasury Account, on the Disbursement Date before 1330 Madrid
timo, for value that day, (the amount of Class A Notes subscribed by Cajamar, () the total
amount of the Class 8 and Class C Notes and (i) the amount of the Class D and Class E Notes
that were not placed by the Lead Manager with qualied investors.

Notuithstanding the above, a long as Cajamar ls both the Originator and the subseriber of (1)
THREE HUNDRED NINETEEN MILLION THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€319,300,900) of
Class A Notes; (i) the total amount of Class B Notes and Class C Notes and (i) the Class D-
Notes and Class E Notes not placed among qualfied investors by the Lead Manager, the
amounts to be paid by Cajamar fr the subscription f the such Notes could be set-off against
the amounts that the Originator should receive for the assignment of the Recelvables.

(i) Paymuents from the Fund

On each of the Payment Dates of the Notes, the Paying Agent will make the payment of
interest and repayment of the principal of the Notes in accordance with the instructions
received from the Management Company and following the Priority of Payments or, where.
applicable the Liquidation Priority of Payments described in setions 3.463 and 3.46. of
the Additional Building Block

The payments to be made by the Paying Agent wil be made through the corresponding,
Iberclear participants in whose register the Notes are recorded, in accordance with the.
procedures in force regarding this service.

Moreover, on each Payment Date of the Fund, the Paying Agent wil carry out any payment.
required by the Management Company in relation to the Fund for expenses and fees

(ii), Custody of the Multiple Tte that represent the Mortgage Transfer Certificates.

In accordance with the Agency and Financial Services Agreement, Santander wil custody the
Multiple ile representing the Mortgage Transfer Cetficates until the termination of such
agreement

The remuneration of the Paying Agent, ts principal functions and its replacement or the termination fits
appointment are regulated under the Agency and Financial Services Agreement and described in section
3.4.7.1 01 the Adétional Buiding Block.

»

Depository Agents:
Not applicable.
EXPENSES OF ADMISSION TO LISTING AND TRADING

The following expenses are expected:


72.

73.

74.

75,

il) cajamar

costs of ineoporaion and juana (espansas reli a .
documentation, advertising, official charges and others): ros,
CNMV charges (or he aferand admission trading):

001 Ofthe Notes ca20600
¡foamy reason the Notesare not admite o trading there

ville axe fee of €500,

AE charges: |
Farias cargas 500000 |
iva (managementos,raingagencs lega, notarial 103548900
orar 1:5320000

“The expenses of incorporaion and issuance reflected heren will e paid from the Subordinated
Loan for initial Expenses.

ADDIMONAL INFORMATION
Persons and entities advising the issue.

CUATRECASAS participates s legal advisor of the Lead Manager and Arranger with respect to the.
structure of the transaction and has reviewed the legal and tax maters applicable o the Fund set
forth in section 4.5.) of the Registration Document, in ts capactyas an independent third party.

ALLEN E OVERY participats as legal advisor of Cajamar and has reviewed the Prospectus and the
structure ofthe transaction or the benefit of Cajamar.
Information in the Securities Note reviewed by auditors.

Not applicable.

Statement or report atributed to a person as an expert.

PUC has prepared an audit report on certain atrbutes of the Assets as of 11 November 2018,
that isincluded in section 2.2 o the AditionalBuiiding Block.

Information sourced from third parties.

“The Management Company confirms that the information provided by Cajamar in its capacity as
Originator has been accurately reproduced in sections 222, 226, 22, 228 and 35 of the
Aditional Building Block an that, as far as it ls aware and has been able to ascertin based on
the information provided by Cajamar, no facts have been omitted that would render the
information inaccurae or misleading.

Ratings given by rating agency.

On 10 December 2018, the Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes and Class D Notes included!
in his Securities Note were given the following provisional ratings by the Rating Agencies, which
are Fitch and DIAS, respectively:

n


Notes Fitch DBRS
ClassANotes | ARA (EXPIS A
Class Notes — | mage (EXPISf | 888
ClassGNotes | m9 (EXPIsf se
ClassDMotes | CCC(EXPISF | WA
Class E Notes MA NA

Considerations regarding ratings:

In the event that, on or before the Disbursement Date of the Notes, the Rating Agencies do not
confirm as final any of the provisional ratings assigned by the Rating Agencies, this circumstance
ll be immediately reported to the CNMV and made publi as provided in section 4 of the
Adiétional Building Block. This rcumstance wil result in cancelltion of the incorporation of the
Fund, the Notes issue and all agreements in relation to the costs incurred from incorporating the.
Fund, the Notes issue and the transfer of the Notes,

Fin

ratings may be reviensd, suspended or vithdraun at anytime by the Rating Agencies. These
situations, which wil not constitute grounde for Early Liquidation of the Fund, vil be immediately
reported to the CNMV and to the Noteholders in accordance with section 4 of the Additional
Building Block

“The abovementioned credit ratings are intended purely as an opinion and should not prevent
potential investors from conducting their own analyses of the securitesto be acquired,

AS Of31 October 2011, the abovementioned Rating Agencies are registered and authorised by the
ESMA as European Union Credit Rating Agencies in accordance with the provisions of Regulation
(EC) No 1060/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on
Cresit Rating Agencies

»


12

12

22.

) cajamar

ADDITIONAL BUILDING BLOCK TO THE SECURITIES NOTE (ANNEX VIII OF
REGULATION (EC) NO 809/2004)

THE SECURIMIES.
Amount of the issue.

The Fund, which is represented by the Management Company, will be Incorporated with the
Recelvables that Cajamar will assign to the Fund on the Date of Incorporatin, the principal
amount of which wil be equal to or sightiy lower than NINE HUNDRED FIFTY THREE MILLION
EUROS (£953,000/000), which amount represents the nominal value of the issue of the Clas A,
Class B, Class C and Class D Notes. The total amount issue of the Notes is MINE HUNDRED.
SEVENTY TWO MILLION ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€972,100,000).

Confirmation that the information relating to an undertaking/debtor not involved in the issue:
has been reproduced.

Not applicable.
THE UNDERLYING RECEIVABLES

Confirmation that the Receivables have tho capacity to produce funds to service payments on.
the securiies.

The Management Company confirms that the cash flows of principal, ordinary interest and!
default interest generated by the Loans shall permit, pursuant o their contractual characteristics,
the payment ofallthe amounts due and payablein relation to the Notes.

However, in order to cover payment defaults by the Debtors, in accordance with the applicable
law, credit enhancement vil be put in place in order to increase the security or regularty of the
payment of the Notes and mitigate or neutralsedifíerenes in interest rates on the assets, and
which are described in section 3.42 of this Adgitional Building Block. Such enbancements,
however, may prove to be insuficiet in exceptional circumstances.

The Management Company confirms the above on the basis of the Orignators representations
made in section 22.8 f the Additional Building Block, regarding the information provided by the
úOriginator in relation to the Recevables to be assigned o the Fund and the Loans, as well as on
the basis ofthe audit report on the Preliminary Portfolio o the Loans and the opinion contained!
in the provisional ratings assigned to the Rated Notes by the Rating Agencies

Recelvables backing the issue.

The asets backing the issue and assigned to the Fund are Recelvables owned by Cajamar, arsing
from Loans selected on the Date of Incorporation from the Preliminary Portfolio.

Cajamar has orginated the Loans composing the Preliminary Portfolio,

The Receivables selected forassignment to the Fund were granted by Cajamar in accordance to its
standard analysis and credit risk assessment policy.

The Loans inthe Preliminary Portfolio have been granted to debtors resident in Spain at the time
of origination that are lassied as sef-employed or individual business persons and/or micro
businesses, non inancia small and medium sized companies categoried as such by Bani of Spain
Technical Implementation 9/2016: entities that regardless of their legal nature, cary out an
“economic activity with an annual turnover below SO millon Euros, or, in the event that itis part of
aconsolidated group, the annual turnover of sad group.


il) cajamar

The Loans in the Preliminary Portfolio have been selected according to Cajamar internal risk
model with a downturn loss given-default ("DTLGD”) of 40% or lower, a throughthe<ycle
probablity of default (*PDTIC”) of 3% or lower, a risk weight ("RW") of 20% or greater and a
rating ("Internal Rating") according to Cajamar internal scale of or greate. Those levels will e
applicable on the Date of Incorporation, hence if the Management Company or the Originator
becomes aware for any reason whatsoever that a Loan does not comply with the referred
levels of downturn loss gen default, trough-the-cycle probabilty of default, risk weight and!
internal rating on the Date of Incorporation, the Originator wil remedy such non-compliance
according to section 2.2.9. of the Additional Building Block

POTTC means the likelihood that a default occurs (stressed under certain macrosconomic
conditions), calculated by Cajamar using internal risk models according o its methodology.

DTLGD means the expected loss on a downturn cycle once a default occurred, calculated by
Cajamar using internal models according to its methodology.

RUY means the risk welghted associated to the loan calculated by Cajamar according to.
Regulation 575/2013.

Internal Rating means the rating associated to each loan obtained from the PDTTC calculation
úabowe mentioned, being 10 the best and O the worst

On the cutoff date of 11 November 2015 the Preliminary Portfolio included 27,275 Loans with an
Outstanding Balance of 1,122,625,420.69 Euros. The Preliminary Portfolio includes mortgage
secured Loans (the “Mortgage Loans") and non-mortgage secured Loss (the “Non:Mortgage
Loans"). Both type of Loans can include additional guarantees other than the personal guarantes
af the relevant Debtor and the in rem right of mortgage (in case of Mortgage Loans). Such
additional guarantees can be both personal, guarantees granted by third parties, or ín rem
security, which may not be recordable in any public registry. This Prospectus does not include
information about such guarantees. Cajamar has represented to the Management Company that
the number and amount of Loans in the Preliminary Portfolio will e suffcient to incorporate the
Fund on the Date of Incorporation for the expected amount, in accordance with the Preliminary
Parfolio restrictions detaled in section 2.28 to follow, equal or as close as possible to
953,000,000.00 Euros.

The assignment of the Receivables derived from Non:Mortgage Loans will take place directly
through the Deed of Incorporation.

The assigament of the Recelvables derived from Mortgage Loans will be implemented by the
subscription by the Fund of the MTCS (the “Mortgage Transfer Certificates” or "MTC" ssued by
the Originator pursuant to Law 2/1981, Royal Decree 716/2008 and Law 5/2015, On the Date of
Incorgoratio, the Mortgage Loans do not meet all the requirements of Chapter 2 of Royal Decres.
716/2009 to be elígibleto issue mortgage particiations [participaciones hipotecarias),

The Recelvables are linked to Debtor payments and are, therefore, directly affected by the
evolution, delay, prepayments or any otherincident ffecting them.

Receivables Audit Report

In accordance with Article 22 of Law 5/2015, PWC has produced a report regarding certain
attibutes of the Preliminary Portfolio, This report has been carried cut using Sampling
techniques, 2 method generaly accepted to verify an entits records in relation to a group of
items (population), and allowing for a conclusion about said population through the analysis of a
smaller number of tems (sample) than of the total population. Te level of confidence indicatez
the probabiity that the real number of items with deviations fram an existing trend in 3 real
population does not exceed a predetermined limit (accuracy. The chosen size of the sample and!


iii) cajamar

level of confidence, determine that the absence of errors in the sample shal correspond to
maximum number of errors inferred for the population, other than zero,

Loans included in the aucited sample with erors in any of the attibutes analysed in the audit
report will not be assigned to the Fund on the Date of Incorporatio,

The Management Company declares that al the Receivables pooled in the Fund wil derive from
Loans included in the Preliminary Portfolio and covered in the audit report referred 10 in this

The audit results are included in a report produced by PIC which is part of the documents
available for consutation as detalle in section 10 of the Registration Document.

The attibutes dealtwitin the audit report areas folows;
+ Nature ofthe Obligor and Loan formaliation;
+ SME/selfemployed confirmation
+ Identification ofthe Obligor;
+ Ownershipofthe Loans;
+ Date ofexecution ofthe Loans;
+ RestructuringLoans;
+ Dateofmaturtyofthe Loans;
+ Initalamountofthe Loans;
+ Correntbalanceofthe Loans;
+ Referenceinterest rate;
+ spreadoverthe reference interest rate;
+ Interestrate applied;
+ Delaysinpayment
+ Transferofthe Assetsderivng from the Loans;
+ Purposeofthe Loans;
> Bankruptey situation;
+ Loans grantedto developers ("promotores inmobiliarios"),
+ Fimancialleasng;
+ Syndicated operations

+ Typeof guarantee;

Adáitioally, or those loans secured with a mortgago, the following atributes have been revised:

Mortgage Loan;
Address ol the property mortgaged and/or property registration;

Valuation;

3


úl) cajamar

+ LoantoValue(LIV);
+ Fmishedawellng

Pricewaterhousecoopers identification details are listed in section 52 of the Registration
Document.

22.1. Legal jursdiction governing the asset pool
The Receivables securtised re governed by Spanish law.

22.2. General characteristics of the Debtors and the economic scenario, including global data for the
assets

"The tables included below show the relevant distributions of the Loans on 11 November 2018.

list of Distribution Table

úOrigination Ye

1

2 Sessoning

3 Original Balance

4 Outstanding Balance.

5 Current Allin Interest Rate

6 Reference Rate Type

7 Transition Vear (Mixed Loans)

8 Interest ate reduction

9 Interest rate reductions (bonificatio) - Type of interest rate Mixed

10 Interest rate reductions (bonification) - Tyae of interest rate Floating
Interest rate reductions (bonificaion) - Type af interest rate Fixed

11 Revisable

12 Maximum Rates

13 Minimum Rates

14 Principal payment frequency

15 Interest payment frequency.

16 Amortisation system

17 Principal Grace Period

18 Remaining Terms

19 Top-10 Borrower Industry (CNAE)

20 Breakdown by Loan Purpose

21 Borrower Region

22 Type of Borrower

23 Borrower Group Concentration

24 Type ofSME Size

25 Secured/Unsecured

26 Current LIV

27 Days in Arrears

”


O

2
a

Type of Guarantee

Guarantee Region

Through-the-ecle probabilty of default

Downturn loss-glven-default
Risk eight
Internal rating

The Loan Agreements do not refer to a scenario in which the reference interest rate plus the margin
sul result in a negative interest rate. However, if that occurs, the Originator understands that the
nature of the Loans does not foresee any payment of interest to the Debtors. Thus, if the reference.
interest ate, plus the margin, were to be negative t would mean that neither would the Debtor pay
“any interest amount (t would pay only the relevant principal repayment) nor would the Originator
pay any amount to the Debtor for the negative interest. Notwithstanding the above, if the law
changes or consolidated case law of a Supreme Court shows an opposing opinion, any potential cost

would be paid by the Originator.

2”



ii) cajamar



iii) cajamar



iii) cajamar



iii) cajamar



iii) cajamar



agraneartos

suena

ho aarsarsaresasarare

A =

TS
cnt re 1 a


ii) cajamar



E O co ri

The tables included below include historical information on defaults and recoveries of
Cajamar's SME loan portfolio for the last 5 years, with similar characteristics to the
Preliminary Portfolio

The following tables have been civided in Mortgage Loans and Non-Mortgage Loans and
include:

- Defaults: for each quarter of origination of the loans (rows), the accumulated
percentage of balance that enters arrears each quarter (columns) for more than 90
days.

-  Recoveries: for each quarter in which the loan entered in default (more than 90 days
in arrears, rows), the percentage of accumulated balance that is recovered each
quarter (columns)


if) cajamar



) cajamar

223

224

225

Legal nature of the Recelvabls.

The Receivables securiised by means of their assignment to the Fund are credit rights derivin.
from Loans oiginated by Cajamar.

The Loans are aseo, on the basis of the associated colateral, as () Non-Mortgage Loans; and!
(i) Mortgage Loans.

The transfer of the Recelvables deriving from the Non-Mortgage Loans will take place directy
under the Deed of Incorporation and will be governed by the laws of Span, in particular articles
1,526 et eq.of the Spanish Civil Code.

The Receivables deriving from Mortgage Loans will be assigned by means of the isuance by
Cajamar of the MTCS which wil be fuly subscribed by the Fund through its Management.
Company, in accordance with the Deed of Incorporation and upon the terms established therein
andin tis Prospecta.

The MICE will be issued and subscribed in accordance with Fourth Additional Provision of Law
5/2015, Law 2/1981, Royal Decree 716/2005, and other regulations in force at the time of
transfer and relating to the acquisition of mortgage market tt The MTCS will be represented in
¡ne Multiple Tte containing the minimum detais provided for in Royal Decree 716/2005. Each
MTC represents 100% of the outstanding balance of each of the Mortgage Loans assigned
thereunder; 1 wil have the same term and wil acerue an interest rate equal to the nominal
interest rate acrued by the corresponding Mortgage Loan.

Expiry or maturity date(s) of the Recelvables,

Each of the Loans selected has a final maturty date, notwithstanding any partial periodic
repayment instalments in accordance with the particular terms thereof.

The Debtors may prepay all or part ofthe outstanding balance ofthe Loans at anytime during th
term af the Loans, ceasing the acerual of interest on the prepsid amount as from the date of
repayment.

The latest final matority of the Loans in the Preliminary Portfolio is 10 August 2033. Therefore,
the Final Maturty Date ofthe Notes is 22 Apr 2037.

Amount of the Receivables.

The Receivables will be assigned by Cajamar and selected from among those comprising the.
Preliminary Portfolio, until reaching an amount equal to or marginal lower tan NINE HUNDRED
AND FIFIV THREE MILLION (€953,000,000.00)


úl) cajamar

226. Loanto.value ratio orlevel of colateralisation

For the purposes of this section, please refer to the information included in tables o section 2.22
of the Additional Buin Block above, which include all the relevant information related to this
section and shall be read in conjunction with section 22.16 of the Additional Building Block
below.

22.7 Method of origination or creation of the receivables by Cajamar.

The Recelvables selected for assignment to the Fund were granted by Cajamar following is
customary credit risk analysis and appraisal procedures. The procedure followed for ganting the
Loans grouped into the Portfolio is described in this section

The Orignator applied to the Loans included in the Preliminary Portfolio the same sound and!
welldefined criteria for credit granting which thoy apply to non-securitsed exposures. To that
end, the same clearly established processes for approving and, where relevant, amending,
reneuíng and refinancing credits were applied. The Origintor has effective systems in place to
apply those criteria and processes in order to ensure that credit granting ls based on a thorough.
assessment of the debtor' creditworthiness taking appropriate account of factors relevant to
veriying the prospect of the debtor meeting its obligaions under the Loan Agreements.
In addition, the Originato has not selected the Loans in the Preliminary Portfolio with the aim of
rendering losses on the Receivablestransferred to the Fund over a maximum of á years higher
than the losses over the same period on comparable assets held on the balance sheet of the
Originator
The most significant aspects of the origination policies and procedures (Manual de Riesgos de
Crédito) described below coincide with those in force at the diferent times during which the.
loans making up the Fund' assgnable portfolio were oriinated
(0 Al acceptance processes are contsined in Cajamars Credit Risk Management and
Control Policies and Procedures, which include, among other things, the principal and!
standards to be applied to such credit risk management and control. This complis with
the proviions of Annex IX “Credit Risk” of Bank of Spain Circular 4/2004, as amended.
li) The acceptance and Recovery procedures are governed by various principles, most
importanty the principle of independence, as these procedures are followed with
Independence from the commercial sector. The segregation of roles guarantees the:
consstency o the standard credit practices.
(li) There are different ciruls for the acceptance of credit transactions, one for the
individual segment and another fo the other segments.
(iO) All transactions orignate at branches. There are no other altemativo channels of
rigination, nor are there brokers or agents

Issuance: responsible bodies and powers

The entity has a credit risk oigination system which has been established in accordance with the
existing system of delegation of powers which can be summarised as follows:
(0 Thestartofa crei risk transaction involves the branch's recording of al data related
thereto (personal, guaranteos and security, and characteristics of the chosen product)
that compris the initial electronic file for th transaction

ss


(

0)

0)

cajamar

lfthe parameters thereof exceed those pre established for the branch, the transaction s
assigned to the body with the power competent to oiginate such transaction. 1 this
body requires additional information for study, it will be requested to the branch where.
the operation was initiated

At the branches, te party responsible for the study and analysis of the transaction
before ts carried out is the Office Management Comitee of each branch, composed!
fa Director, Controller and administrative manager, and possibly the Director of the:
Area to which the branch belongs.

For higher bodies, the parties responsible for this study are the Risk Admission and!
Spatial Financing Areas, reporting on those transactions that must be submitted to.
higher authorities.

The delegated bodies that are authorised to originate credit transactions according to their
functions are: the Investment Committee, the Analysis Centre Committee, Business Committes,
the Labour Finance Committee, the Micro Credit Committe, the Investment Committee and the.
Branches.

The composition of these commitees is as follows:

investment Committee:

Chief Lending Offer and three members appointed thereby.

Business CEO and tuo members appointedthereby.

Analysis Centre Committe:

Analysis Centre Manager.
Analysis Centre Coordinator
Senior Analyst

Analyst proposing the transaction

Territorial 3nd Zone Business Committees

Area Level 2: Area Director or Teriorial Division Business Director and Management.
Committee or Director, ifthereis none, o the branch where the transaction is originated

Termtorial Level 2: Terrtoral Director and Area Business Committee or Management.
Committee or Director, ifthere is none, o the branch where the transaction is originated

Labour Finance Committee:

Level: internal Labour Relations Office Manager
Level2: Level and Labour Finance Area Director

Level 3: Level 2 and Human Resources Director

Investment Committee

Each

f these delegated bodies has regular limitaions in the origination Of loans, which are

referredto as "delegated limits”. n orderto comply with the delegatedlímis the principal o the
"equested transaction s added to the curent is of ll transaction of the apglican' group. The
limits current infrce ae:

0

Branch: up 10 300,000 Euros depending on the category of the branch and the type of
transaction

5


iii) cajamar

(il. Business Committees: 200,000 Euros for committees of Zone Level 1 and 1,000,000,
Euros for committees of Territorial Level

(ii) Analysis Centre Committees: up to 3,000,000 Euros
(v) Investment Committee: up to 6,000,000 Euros.

(Y) Labour Finance Committee: 300,000 Euros for level 1 committes, 600,000 Euros for
level 2 committeos and 1,000,000 Euros for level 3 committeos.

Loans exceeding in aggregate 6 milion Euros require the approval of the Executive Committee,
whichis made up of the following:

-— President
- Vice-president
-— Secretary
- Members

These origination polícies are applied to both he borrowers under the loan and those who, jointy
with the borrower, constitute a risk group.
A “Risk Group" means the group of natural or legal persons that meet any ofthe following four
circumstances:
(0 Treyforma financial group.
(iD. Theyarefisancial interelated in such a way thatíf one encounters financial dificulta
to meet its obligations thiscircumstance would be transfered to the other members of
the group.

(il They share a business or economic activity as their main source ofincoms,
(v) Trey forma family unit
The entiy has a specialized structure for acceptance of each type of client and volume of risk,
distinguishing between individuals and legal entities (including real estate developers)

The basic principal for the originaion oa financing transaction is the ability to repay in due time.
and form, Security is considered a supplement and noveras the foundation for the financing.

A risk transaction begins within the branch network, where all the data required for the
¿rigination are collected and analysed: identification of participants, information regarding the.
ability to repay and evidence of the security provided. In the event that any of the standard
requirements s not met or the amount of accumulated risk exceeds the powers of he branch,
the manager must submit the proposal to the next higher level. The approval of transactions ls 3
oi responsibility and in al cses requires the participation o at least two managers,

Assessment of Security

Regardless of the fact that the origination of credit transactions is based primarily on the
borrower' abiliy to repay, the inclusion of security ls taken into consideration in order to.
mitgate the los in he event of default

Far these purposes, the contracted risk wil be considered to be sufcientiy secured if least one.
fthe following circumstances occurs

(0 The reasonable value of the assets of the borrower and guarantors exceeds twice the
value of their debts

a


j cajamar

li) The credittransaction s secured by a pledge or a mortgage over the assets indicated in
the table below, and the ratio between the credit amount and the valuation of the
property provided as security (TV) does not exceed the following percentages:

1 Residential home

11 Main residence 80%
12 Otheruses 70%
2_ Offices, shops and multipurpose warehouses 70%
3 Buildable land 50%
4 Rural property
41 Intensive horticultura! forming 70%
4.2 Other farming activities 50%
5 Other real estate property 50%

As a consequence, those loans with an LTV that exceeds the pre-established limits are not
considered ta be sufficienty secured. [There are also LTV levels for other types of security like
deposit or securities, but given that they don't apply to the assignable portfolio, they have not
been included)

General, the submission ofan apprasal by an apprasal firm registered with the Bank of Spain s
requested for mortgage loans. In addition, the internal valuation of the property by “Estación
Experimental Las Palmerilas” may be used for agricultural land that has not been offiialy
appraised. The absence of an appralsal does not mean he automatic rejection of transaction. In
those cases in which mortgage security ls provided but there s no apprasal (from an aporaisal
firm registered with th Banik of Spain, twil be deemed that no mortgage security was provided!

for purposes ofthe origination analysis
Credit rating models

In relation 10 the credit risk management, in 2003 Cajamar initited the "Comprehensive Risk
Management” project, which has alowed Cajamar to gradually integrate a conservatve credit
Policy. This has been achieved by adding customer credit quality assessment tools (ratings and!
Scoring) to the risk management.

Within the framentork of the “Comprehensive Risk Management” projet, different rating models
have been graduall implemented, covering almost the entire credit portfolio, and which can be.
grouped as follows:

1. Acceptance Scoring: models for the evaluation of proposed credit transactions,determining.
the acceptance thereol, can be clasiid as

+ Reactive Scoring, models evaluatng a specific request fora credit transaction based on
the information provided by the applicant. here are 3 types:

- General Reactive Scoring:transactions fora specific purpose

v

Mortgage loans

v

Personaly guaranteed loans

Crecit Card

v

s


- New Residents ReactiveScoring:transactions fora specific purpose

> Mortgage loans
- Small Business Resctive Scoring

> Mortgage loans
> Personall guaranteed loans
> Lessing
> Credit accounts
> Creditcards
> Discount lines

+ ProactiveScoring fr individuals
> Mortgage loans
> Personall guaranteed loans
> Creditcards
> Credit accounts
> Accountoverdrafts
> Discount lines

+ ProactiveScoring for micro businesses
» Investment mortgage loans
> Personally Guaranteed Loans
> Credit Accounts
> Credit arde
> Account Overdrafts
> Discount Lines
> Leasing
> Bank Guarantees

+ Scoringfor intensive plastitunnel horticultura farms
> Working capital financing
> Investment financing

“racing Scoring: models to evaluate the credit qual of the customer and/or the
transaction throughout the Hfethereof. There are three type;

+ Private Individual Tracking Scoring
+ Micro business Tracking Scoring
+ Intensive plastitunnel horticultura arm Tracking Scoring.

Behavioural or Transactional Tracking Scoring, which rate the transaction, and which have
been implemented for transaction by individuals and micro companies.

ES


iii) cajamar

4. Rating, models to evaluate the credit quality of the customer, These models are applied
during the acceptance process and in monitoring the corporate segment. There are three

types
- SMErating
- Large business rating
-  Developer/bullderrating
Segmentation of the credit portfolio

In order to distribute the credit portfolio by segments, portolos and sub portfolios, Cajamar
consider the following identification variables: (1) type of risk holder, () size of the company,
determined by the volume of ts tumover and by the Cajamar's exposure to the economic group,
excluding inancing secured by mortgages on residential properties, (ii) productive activity of the
holder, () use of the financing, (v) purpose of the transaction, (ui) type of credit product
arranged and (vi) securisy for the transaction.
The combination of the variables described above result in the following identification of
segments, porfis and sub-portfoio at Cajamar:
1. Retail Segment:
The retail segment is comprised of transactions that are not intended for the purchase of
residential properties or land for development, where the borroweris an individual or a company
that meets the following three conditions

- ts main activity is not real estate development

- Iisinvoicingvolume ls below 1.5 milion Euros.

- The exposure to the customer or ts economic group is below 1 milion Euros.
1f the company belongs to an economic group, tumover for the consolidated group or, 1 the
annual accounts are not consolidate, the highest figure for all the companias of the economic
group, sal be deemed to be the invoicing volume,
The portíolos and sub portolos of this segment are:

11 Home mortgage: this portfolio is made up of transations secured by mortgages helá
by an individual and arranged in order to purchase, restore or sell-develop a property
for domesticuse.

-  Customary Residence: the customary residence is the permanent address of the
holder.

-  Homeforother uses: Includes holiday, rental r investment homes,

12 Other family financing: this portfolio is made up of transaction by an individual in
order o attend family financial needs other than those included in the home mortgage.
portfolio.

- Micro consumer: Micro consumption ls when the credit transaction s equal to or
lower than 6,000 Euros and is not intended for the purchase oa family vehicle

- Vehicles: when the use is for the acquisition of a family vehicle.

- Other goods and services: Includes other family financing transaction that are not
assigned to other portfolio.

13 Autosrenewable financing: Include transaction in which the holders an individual and
are implemented using credit cards or current account ouerdrafis

5


) cajamar

- Creditcards
- Current account overdrats

14 Small businesses: There are two sub portolis, based on the legal form used by the
business:

- Business/professional —activty of individuals (selfemployed, individual
businesspersons): The sub portfal includes all transaction that finance the
business or professional activities of individuals, unless the main activity is one
that places them in portfolio 1.5

- Micro businesses: Includes all transactions by commercial companies that meet
the conditions to be considered tal, unless

+ Their main activity is among those causing them to be included in portfolio
15,0r21

+ The purpose ofthe transaction causes them to be included in portfolios 15
or2a.

15 Retal agro food sector

+ Economic actives relating to the transformation of animal or plant natural
resources into non-processed primary product, such as agriculture, animal
farming forestry, beekeeping, fish farming, hunting and fishing,

+ Wholesale trade of animal or plant non-processed primary product, with added
value, such ashorticulture, corn exchange, agricultural cooperatives, ete.

+ Transformation of animal or plant primary products into food products

+ Activities aimed at the production, installation and distribution of equipment,
products or serdices clearly linked to the abovementioned economic activities,
and, therefore, dependant on them

+ Activities almed atthe explotation or distribution of natural resources and/or raw
materials provided they are included as inputs to any of the stages of the food
production chain such as water distribution for irigaton, production or sales of
seeds, saplins, compost, psticidos, ee.

This segment includes

+ Transactions for businesses of individuals whose main activity is one of those
definedin the agro food sector

+ Transactions with companies that meet the conditions for belonging to the reta
segment, the main activity of which is one of those defined in the agro food

+ Transactions of individuals or commercial companies that meet the conditions
for belonging to the retall segment and that are intended for the agro food
sector, even ¡their main activity is mot within such sector,

2. Corporate Segment

This segment only includes those transactions in which the borrowers engage in business
activities in the form of commercial company.

The portfolos and sub portfoias defined for this segment are:

9s


iii) cajamar

21. Real estate developers. Credit transactios that meet one of the following criteria are
included in tis portfolio:

3) The borrower is a commercial company whose main activity is real estate
development
b) The borrower is a commercial company whose main activity is not real estate
development and the purpose of the financing ís one of the following:
acquisition, development and sub-diviion Of land and plots development ol
residential buildings for sale or lease.

22. Corporate agro food sector: Transactions in which the borrower is a commercial
company whose main activity is any of those described for the agro food sector and!
that do not meet the conditions or belonging to the reta segment are included in this
portfolio. in action, the purpose of the transaction sha not be any of those causing
to belong to the land or development sub portals.

23. SMEs: Credit transactons of comercial companies with an invoicing volum below 25
milion Euros but that do not mest the conditions to belong to the retail segment shall
be included in this portfolio, provided the two following conditions are met:

-  Thoir main activity is diferent than any that would cause them to belong to th
Real Estate Development segment

- The purpose ofthe transaction is not one that would causeitto belong to the Real
Estate Development portfolio.

uo portfolos are defined by the size of the company:

- Small businesses: lftheinvoicing volume is es than 5 millon Euros,

- Medium businesses: 1ftheinvoicing volume is hetween 5 and 25 million Euros

24. Large Companies: Credit transactions of commercial companies with an invoicing,
volume in excess af 25 milion Euros shall be included in this portfolio, provided the:
following two conditions are met:

- Their main activity does not cause them to belong to the Real Estate Development.
portfolio.

- The purpose of the transaction does not cause them to belong to the Real Estate
Development portfolio.

3. Government Authorities Segment: Credit transactions in which the borrower ls a
govemment authority at national, regional or local levels and the Social Security
administration are included in this portfolio

4. NonProfit Entity Segment: Credit transactions in which the borrower is 3 non:profit entity,
such as sport clubs and associations, neighbourhood associations, ete, are included in this
portfolio

5. Financial Intermediaries Segment: Credit transaction in which the borrower s a company
vhose main activity is financial intermeciation are included in this portfolio

The segmentation als takes nto account the number of employees of he debtors, with micro
businesses being deemed to be those that have les than 10 employees, small businesses those.
that have less than SO employees and medium businesses those that have less than 250
employees.

9


il) cajamar

Interest Rate Reductions

"here are loans that benefit from reductions in thir interest rate. These reductions depend on.
certain coss-slling relationship between Cajamar and each Debtor.

Cross-seling is referred to products or services that the Debor holds or arranges with Cajamar
(regardles of the fact the Cajamar ls the provider of the product or seruice or is the one
managing the product or serdice). Each type of Crossseling has an assigned reduction in the
interestrate.

Conditions ofered to clents when a Loan s originated include reductions on the interes rate
depending on the type of product, regardless t is a fixed rate interest loan or 2 floating rate
interest loan:

- Standard interest rate: The interest rate for the Loan if no cross selling is taking
place

-  Applcable reduction: The amount by which the standard interest rate wil be
reduced, For each Loan it wil be the sum o al reductions applicable according to
the level of cross seling with the relevant Debtor. Each Loan has a maximum of
reductions.

-  Adjusted interest rate: The applicable interest to the Loan resulting from the.
¿ifference between the standard interest rate minus applicable reduction:

The level of cross-seling wil be normallyrevised () annually, for investment or consumer loans.

and (i) quarter, for credit or working capital loans (although this can vary depending on the

relevant cross seling relationship that provides each reduction). On each date of revision, level of

ross selling is monitored and hence a new adjusted interest rate is calulated to be applied

ontarde o the Loan.

228. Representations and other warranties givento the Issuerrelating to th Recelvables.
2231. Representations
The Management Company reproduces below the representations and warranties that the.

úOriginator shall make in the Deed of Incorporation to the Fund on the Date of Incorporation in
relation to itself, the Loans, the Mortgage Transfer Certicates and the Recelvable:

Representation of he Originaor:

1) — Status itis a financial entity duly incorporated and valid existing under Spanish law,

and also duly registered with the Commercial Registry and the Registry for Credit

Enties at the Bank of Spain, and is entitled to grant loans to companies and self.
employed individuals and to operate in the mortgage market;

2) > Comsents: it has obtained or made all necessary licenses, permts, registrtions,
consents and approvals necessary to conduct is business as currently conducted, to
hold the Receivables that wil be purchased by the Fund and to enter into the rest of
the agreements of the transaction;

3) Aahorisatins: that it has obtained all the necessary authorisations, both
administrative and corporate authorisations, including, where appropriate, those of
third parties that may be affected by the ascignment of the Recelvables to the Fund,
and for validly granting the Deed of Incorporation, the commitments undertaken.
therein and the rest ofthe agreements related to the incorporation of the Fund;


»

5

o)

»

iii) cajamar

Insolvency procsedings: that neither on the Date of Incorgoratian of the Fund, nor at
any time since lts incorporatio, lt has been declared insolvent in an insolvency
praceeding nor hasi been intervened in accordance with Law 21/2015, o 18 June, on
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment services companies (Ley
13/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y
empresas de serucos de inversión) (the "Law 12/2015");

Annual Reports: Cajamar has favourably audited its individual annual accounts for the

financial years 2016 and 2037. These annual accounts have been deposited with the
CNMV and the Commercial Registr, in accordance with current legisation

Data Protection: Its in compliance with all applicable legsltion on data protection
matters

Retention requirements: as stated in Section 22.2 below, Cajamar will comply with
the retention requirements by holding randomly selected exposures, equivalent to no
less than 5% of the nominal value of the securitsed exposures, where such exposures.
would theruise have been securitised in the securtisation, provided that the number
of potentialysecuritised exposure is no less than 100 at origination,

Representation ofthe Orginator with respect to the Loans and to the Recelvables:

8)

9)

10)

0)

12)

19)

14)

15)
16)

The Originator is the sole ouner of the Recelvables, which are free of liens and
encumbrances and has the right to dispose thereof, and to the bast of ts knowledge (1)
there is no cause that could adversely affect the enforceabilty of such asignment; and
(i) no Debtor may raise any objections to the payment of any amount regarding the.
Recemables.

AI Loans exist, are valid in accordance with Spanish law and contain contractually
binding and enforceable obligations of the type that are commonly recognized and!
accepted by the Spanish courts and all subject to the exception of general application
under Spanish law, with ful recourse to Debtots and, where applicable, to guarantors
The Loans are clearly identified and documented in public deede or in private
agreements.

All original Loan Agreements are deposited at the Orginators premises, both in files
and the hard copies of the public instruments or private agreements by virtue of which.
they were formalsed, and avallable to the Management Company. The Loans are
currently analysed and monitored by the Originator, in accordance with standard
procedures,

Each Loan agreement has been executed pursuant to, and in compliance with, the
applicable provisons af Spanish legsation and all other applicable legal and regulatory
provisios, including, but not limited to, all applicable antimoney laundering
legistation

The Loan Agreements are governed by Spanish law and subject to the jurisction of
Spanish court.

No Loan Agreement contains confidentialty provisions which may retrct the Fund's
exercise o itights as owner of the Recelvables

AllLoans are denominated and payable exclusively in Euros.

On the Date of Incorporation there are no clauses allowing the deferral interest or
principal. Notwthstanding, some Loans will have an agreed grace period during an
initial period that may have not concluded atthe Date of Incorporation.

se


0)

18)

19)

20)

21)

2)

23)

24)

25)

26)

27)

28)

29)
30)

iii) cajamar

“The information related to the Loans in sections 222, 22.6, 22.7, 228 and 35 of the
AdiitionalBuling Blck of this Prospectus and in he Deed of Incorporation accurately
roflects their current situation on the Date of Incorporation, as set out in the relevant
public deeds or private agreements and in the fles provided to the Management.
Company, and such dat s true and accurate in all material aspects.

The Loans were originated by Cajamar.

“he originaton criteria in force at the time of the origination date of each Loan do not
materialy dife from the ones described in section 2.27 of the Additional Builing.
Block.

All the Loans have been granted according to the same origination criteria as

representation 19) above, regardless the fact that it has been originated through a
Originator' fully authorised branch

Since the granting of the Loans, they have been seruiced by the Originator in
accordance with lts standard procedures for servicing financing operations for
companies and sell employed;

No Loan is subject to any amicable or contentious recovery proceeding and the
Originator has not begun a termination claim with respect to the relevant Loan
Agreement for a breach by the Debtor(s) of ts (their) obligations under the terms of
such Loan Agreement or at the occurrence of an event of default howsosver described
under the Loan Agreement, including amongst others things, with respect to the timely
payment ofamounts due.

The Originator ls not aware of the existence of legal claims in relation to the Loans that
may adversely affect their valdity, r that may force the application af atide 1535 of
the Cv Code.

“The Originator has no knowledge that any Debtor has been formally decared insolvent
nor has previously wrtten-of amounts on the Loan.

“The Originaor is not aware of any Debror holding any credit right against it that may
ntitlethem to exercise any setof rights

To the best knowiedge of the Originator, no Loan has been dsputed by the
corresponding Debtor on any ground whatsoever.

No Loan is subject to transferablty restrictions, otherwise the Originator has already
performed (or assumed the obligation to immediately perform) any necessary actions
and comply with any requirements to allow the transfer ofthe relevant Loans

To the best knowledge of the Originator, on the Date of Incorporation, no Loan has
been accelerted nor any Debtor has formallynotíid its intention to prepay any of the.
Loans;

Each Debtor has made at least one scheduled payment under the relevant Loan,
The guarantees securing the Loans are valid and enforceable in accordance with its
terms and to the best knowledge of the Originator there is no circumstance that may
prevent their foreclsure. Some Loans are secured by guarantees other than the
personal guarantee of the relevant Debtor and the in rem rght of mortgage (n case of
Mortgage Loans), which can be personal, guaranteos granted by third partes o n em
security, and which may not be recordable in any publi registry. However, the lack of
registration of these adéltional guarantees does not adversely affect their validity nor
enforceabiity.

3


3)
32)
33)

34)
35)
36)

am)

38)

39)

40)
1)
42

43)

44)

45)

48)

) cajamar

No Loans have been granted to Originator's employees.
"The principal of each Loan has been fly disbursed;

Onthe Date of Incorporation, each Loan shall maintain minimum outstanding balance.
of EUR 1,000.

AllLoans repay via direct debi
None af the Loans fund real estate developments.

Io Deblor ls a company part ofthe Cajamar group in accordance with article 42 o the
Spanish Commercial ode.

Onthe Date of Incorgoraton, all the Loans have at least tee (2) months of remaining.
te.

On the Date of Incorporation, the Outstanding Balance of the Receivables derived from
Loans granted to restrucure previous existing financing transaction due to debtors
inability to repay or due to other credit issues will be excluded.

On the Date of Incorporation, the Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables derived from
Loans with principal grace period ending after 14 December 2018 will be equal or less
than 2.25% o the Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables assigned,

No Receivable deives from a financial leasing agreement.
Onthe Date of Incorporation no Receivables were more than fwe (5) days in arears.
To the best of its knowledge, on the Date of Incorporation of the Fund, no

Receivables derived from Loans with a Debtor or guarantor that has experienced a
deterioration of its credit quality, meaning that such Debtor or guarantor:

a), has been declared insolvent or had a court grant his creditors a final non-
appeslable right of enforcement or material damages as result of missed
Payment within three years prior to the date of origination or has
ndergone a deblrestructuring process with regard to ts non-performing
exposures within three years prior to the date of transfer or assignment of
the underlying exposures to the Fund, except ía restructured Loan has not
presented new arrears since the date of the restructuing, which must have:
taken place at least one year prior to the date of transfer to the Fund;

b) was, at the time of origination, where applicable, on a public credit registry
of persons with adverse credit history o, where there is no such public
credit registry, another credit registry thats available to the Originator or

el has a credit assessment or a credit score indicating that the risk of
contractually agreed payments not being made is significantly higher than
for comparable exposures held by the Originator which are not securitised

The Loans are not in default within the meaning of Article 178(1) of Regulation
575/2013.

None of the Loans has a final maturity date beyond 10 August 2033 on the Date of
Incorporation;

On the Date of Incorporation, the Outstanding Balance of the Recevables visáuvs a
single Debtor group wil not be higher than 0.5% of the total Outstanding Balance of
the Recelvables pooled at the Fund.

"The Loans are not syndicated financial transactions.


rd)
48)

49)

) cajamar

“he Loans do not include derivatves

The Recelvables have been selected from a portfolio o credit rghts derived from loans
granted by the Originato to Debtors that are categorsed as self-employed/individual
business persons and/or micro companies, small and medium sized. businesses
according to the Originator and the Technical Application of Bank of Spain Circular
3/2016 (entities that, regardlss of their legal nature, carry out an economic activity
with an annual tumover or an annual consolidated group tumover is less than 50
milo Euros),

On the Date of Incorporation, the Preliminary Portfolio includes mortgage secured and!
non-mortgage secured Loans. In adsition, some Loans may also have other insem
security and personal guarantees,

In relation to the Mortgage Loans and the Mortgage Transfer Cetfcats

50)

st)

52)

53)

54)

55)

58)

$7)

58)

The Executive Commission ofthe Governing Body of the Orginator has adopted all the
necessary resolutions for the assignment of the Receivables arsing from the Mortgage.
Loans through the issue of Mortgage Transfer Certificates.

The Mortgage Transfer Certificates are issued in accordance with Law 2/1981, Royal
Decree 716/2008 and Fourth Additional Proviion of Law 5/2015, and they meet al the
requirements set forth therein

“The assignment to the Fund of the Receivables derivng from the Mortgage Loans is
performed through the issue of the Mortgage Transfer Certificates

The MTCS ae issued to the extent the Mortgage Loans are not elgble under Article 3
of Royal Decree 716/2003, far purposes of being subject to mortgage participations
(participaciones hipotecarias). his ls consstent with the information provided to Bank
ofSpain

The details of the Mortgage Loans are included in the Multiple Tie, and correctly
reflect their current situation, a shown in the Orginator's IT ls and the publi deeds.
ofsuch Mortgage Loan, and that they are accurate and complete.

"Where the Loan is guaranteed by a residential mortgage granted after the entry into
force of Directve 2014/17/£U, it has not been marketed and underuriten on the
premise that the Loan applicant were made aware that the information provided by the:
Loan applicant might not be verified by the Orginator,

The Mortgage Loans are secured by fest ranking mortgage over all the real estate
properties, otherwise () the first ranking mortgage has been granted in favour of the
úOriginator, Banco de Crédito Cooperativo or entities merged with Cajamar; or () the
bligations secured by the first ranking mortgage are fully repaid and economically
cancelled although the registration of the cancellation of relevant first ranking
mortgage with the Land Registry is sti in process and has not yet concluded,

All the Mortgage Loans are documented in public instruments (escritura pública, and
all the mortgages are dly granted and registered in the corresponding Land Registries.
"The registration of the mortgages is in force and with no contradictions.

Mortgeged properties have been previously appraised by an appraisal company
registered with the Bank of Spain, and that such appraisal has the corresponding,
certificate pursuant to Order ECO 805/2003. In the case of social housing, the value of
the aporaialcorresponds to the maximum legal sale value valid for social home.


il) cajamar

59) When senvcing the Mortgage Loans, the Originator has applied it internal policies for
Undating mortgage property valuations, and that such internal policies are consstent
th current lgisation requirements.

60) Mortgaged properties are not considered excluded properties as eligble guarantees,
pursuant to artile 11 of Royal Decree 716/2009 and the Mortgage Loans do not meet

any of the characteristics of he excluded or restricted loans under Articles 12. 3), cl,
dl), and 12.2 of Royal Decree 716/2008,

61) Mortgage Loans are not represented in any type of nominative or bearer security.
62) Mortgage Loans are no linked to any aset backed security or covered bond issued by

the Originator other than the Mortgage Transfer Certificates pursuant to which th
Reccivables ariing from the Mortgage Loans are assigned to the Fund

63) All mortgaged properties are completed properties (except in the case ofland) and are
located in Spain

22.82. Compliance with EU Risk Retention Requirements

The Originator, a an originator fo the purposes of the CAR, the Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013 of
the EU Directve 2011/61/EU on Altemative Investment Fund Managers (the AIFMA) and the.
Solvency Il Regulation, wil retin, on an ongoing basis, a material net economic interest of not
less than five per cent in the securitisaion contemplated by the Transaction Documents in
accordance with article 405 of the CAR (Article 405), article 51 of the AIFMA (Article 52) and!
article 254 of the Solveney Il Regulation (Article 254) (which, in each case, í interpreted and!
applied on the Disbursement Date and does not take into account any corresponding national
measures) (the Retention), o this effet, refer “Certain Regulatory and Industry Disclosures"

Under the Deed of Incorporation, the Oiginatorwil undertake to communicate the Management.
Company, on a monthly basis (or with at least the same frequency of the periodi reports
produces for investors), the compliance with the retention commitment assumed so that the
Tatter can publish such information on ts web ste urwwimtitlizacion.com). For the purposes of
this communication, the Originator must explcity state that t has not caried out amy action
(edit risk hedgin, sal, taking short positions, ete.) that might have undermined the application
fthe retention requirement.

Incompliance with he provision of article 409 of the Regulation, the Orignator must ensure that
potential invesors can si access all relevant data regarding credit quality and the evolution of
the various underiing exposures, cash ows and the real guarantees backing the securitization
exposures, together with any information necessary to carry out detailed and documented stress
tests ofthe cash flow and the value ofthe real guarantees backng the underlying exposures.

In adtion, and pursuant to the effective application of Regulation EU 2017/2402, the Oriinator
specifically undertakes in the Deed of Incorporation, to comply with articles 6 and 7 of such
Regulation

In respect of section 2 of said article 7, the Fund, through the Management Company, is
esignated as the entity responsible for the presentation of the information detalle within

229. Non-conformity ofthe loans orthe Recelvable, reach of representations and warranties

“The Management Company, acting for and on behalf of the Fund, will take into consideration
the Originator's representations and warranties as an essential and determining condition for
its consent to acquire the Receivables on the Date of Incorporation


iii) cajamar

In any event, labilty for the failure of the Loans or of the Receivables from which they derive
transterred by the Originator to the Fund with the representations and warranties referred in
section 22. of the Additional Building Block, wil at alltime remain with the Originator only
(and the Management Company shall under no circumstance be liable therefor) and the.
Management Company will therefore rely only on the representations made, and on the.
warranties given, by the Oriinator regarding those Loans and Recelvables.

If the Management Company or the Originator becomes aware for any reason whatsoever
that any of the representations or warranties given or made by the Originato in relation to
the Loans orthe Recelvables arising therefrom the latter and assigned to the Fund were false
or incorrect on the Date of Incorporation, the Management Company or the Originator, as

applicable, will promptiy inform the other party of such non-compliance by providing a letter
containing an electronic list with the non-compliat Receivables.

The Originator undertakes to remedy such non-compliance and, f unable to do o, to replace.
or repurchase such non-compliant Recelvable in the terms set Gut below. The Oriinator wi
asume any cost relatingto sad replacement or repurchase.

The remedy may consist of the replacement of the corresponding Receivable within a
maximum period of 30 Business Days by another with similar characteristics in terms of credit
quality, outstanding balance, LTY ratio (for Mortgage Loans), repayment rules, term, interest
rate and payment frequency, acceptable to the Management Company. Such replacement
shall be intended not to affect the ratings the Rating Agencies have assigned to the Rated
Notes. In the event of a positive difference between the balance of the replaced Receivable
and the replacement, the difference wil be deposited into the Treasury Account

lí an effective remedy is not provided on or before 30 Business Days following the date on
which notice of the non-compliance of the relevant non<<ompliant Receivable was provided
by one party to the other party, the Originator shall repurchase the non-compliant
Recelvable. The amount payable by the Originator wil be equal to the Outstanding Balance of
the Recelvable plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon. Payment will be made two (2)
Business Days before the immediately following Payment Date.

In addition, and in any case, the Originator shall indemnify in full and hold harmless the Fund
and the Management Company from and against any and all damages and claims (whether or
not successful, compromised or settle), actions, demands, proceedings or judgments which
may be instituted, made, threatened, aleged, asserted or established from time to time in
any jursdictio iitiated by the Debtors or any successors thereof in connection with the non-
compliant Loans and from all damages that the Fund or the Management Company may
suffer or incur from time to time (including al costs and expenses reasonably incurred in he.
defence of the interest of the Fund, and any direct and indirect tax implications that such
indemity payment may trigger for the Fund, including, but nat limited to, any corporate.
income tax levied on the Fund as a consequence of colleting such amounts)

Notwithstanding the above, if the Management Company is unable to use the
IFRADOC/CNIAV service at any time and for any reason, the Originator and the Management.
Company will appear before the Spanish Notary designated by the Originator for the
purposes of converting into a Public Document any repurchase of Recevables made.
hereunder (provided that all costs and expenses arising from any such notarisation shall be.
borne by the Originator)

Neither the Originator nor the Management Company will enter into repurchase or
replacement agreements of the Recelvables other than those set forth in this section 2.29 of
the Additional Building Block.

22.10 Relevant insurance policies relating to the Loans.



j cajamar

Not all properties backing Mortgage Loans have insurance damage, therefore no information is
provided.

22.11 Information relating to the Debtors where the Recelvables comprise obligaions of five (5) or
fewer Debtors which ae legal persons, or where a Debtor accounts for twenty percent (20%) or
more ofthe Receivables, or where a Debtor accounts fora material portion of the Recelvables.
Not applicable.

22.12 Details of the relationship between the Issuer, the guarantor and the Debtor if itis material to
te sue,

lt not known whether there are significant relationships concerning the issue of the Notes as
regards the Fund, the Orignator, the Management Company or other persons involved in the
transaction other han those included in section 52 ofthe Registration Document,

22.13 Where the Recelvables comprise fixed income Securities, a description of the principle terms
and condition.

Not applicable. The Recelvables assigned to the Fund do not include transferable secuities, as
efinedin point (44) of Arile4(1) of Directivo 2014/65/8U.

22.14 Where the Receivables comprise equity Securities, a description of the principal terms and
conditions.
Not applicable.

22.15 Where more than ten percent (10%) of the Receivables comprise equity securitis that are not
traded on a regulated or equivalent market, a description ofthe principal terms and conditions.
Not applicable.

22.16 Where a material portion of the Receivables is secured on or backed by real property, a
valuation report relating to the property seting out both the valuation of the property and cash
Mow/income streams.

Only certain appraisls of properties backing Mortgage Loans have been updated after their date
of esue

“The current situation of the Preliminary Portfoo to be assigned to the Fund in relation 10 the

appraisalsis
ac have ac al 2 2170s8 an
ANNAN ETS Exa

(Y Outstanding tnce or apra voltaos
de") Eccdes alsn win ADO
(=> Ape mtv corspundigcrificte punto Order £CO 88/203

(*) Aggregated existing balance or aggregated valuation


23.

34.

Such appraisals are carried out in accordance with the provisions of Order ECO/805/2003. The
appraisals of the properties were performed on the date of the origination of the relevant
Loan and in some cases updated after that date. The criteria for updatingthe initial valuations
are those set out in paragraphs 79 to 81 and 130 of Annex 1 of Bank of Spain Circular 4/2016.
However, Circular 4/2017 is applicable since 1 Janvary 2018 and has introduced some
modifiations to the procedures for updating property valuations that are currently being,
implemented and that have stl to be applied to existing appraials

"When preparing the tables in section 22.2, the most recent updated appraisals have been
used, pursuant to Order ECO 805/2003, The audit report of the Preliminary Portfolio
mentioned in section 2.2 of the Additional Building Block includes the verifiction that the.
Mortgage Loans have been appraised by an appralsal company registered with the Bank of
Spain, and pursuant to Order ECO 805/2003, either at the time of issue or subsequenty in the.
event that the mortgage property has been updated.

Actively managed assets backing the issue.
Nox applicable.

Where an Issuer proposes to issue further securities backed by the same Receivables, a
prominent statement to that effect and description of how the holders of that clas wil be.
informed.

Nox applicable.

STRUCTURE AND CASH FLOW.
Description of the structure of the transaction, including, if necessary, a diagram.

The purpose of the Fund is the transformation of the pooled assets into fixed rate, homogeneous
and standardised securites, susceptible of being traded in organisd security mariets

On the Date ofIncorporatio, the Fund will purchase the Receivabls that derive from Loans that
the Originator has granted to non-inancial small and medium sized businesses or sell-employed
individuals, defined in section 22.2 of the AditionalBuiiding Black. In addition, on such date, the
Fund will in turn issue securtication notes to finance the purchase of such Receivables and to
fund the Reserve Fund for an amount equalto the Required Reserve Amount.

Payments of principal and interest [ordinay and default) under the Recelvables recelved by the.
Fund will be applied quarterly, on each Payment Date, to pay any amounts due to the Fund, in
accordance with the Priority of Payments and the Liquidation Priority of Payments established in
sections 3.63 and 3.45: o the Adsitional Building Black.

3.1.1. Diagram ofthe operation

"The following is an explanatorydiagram ofthe transaction:


if) cajamar

312. Initial balance ofthe fund

“he balance sheet ofthe Fund at the Disbursement Date wil be as follows:

ASSETS (in e

Receivables [953,000.00 [class a 02,700,000
Clase 0 26,400,000.
Class 64,300,000
Class o 59,600,000
Class E 19,100,000

¡Subordinated Loan for [1,153,000.00
ImitialExpenses.

¡Subordinated Loan for
the Commingling.
Reserve 00,000

¡Treasury Account (Reserve
Fund, initial expenses
reserve and Commingling.
Reserve)

21,153,000.00.

106


j cajamar

¿Total Assets [974,153,000.00| ota! Liabiiies 974,153,000.00|

107


32.

33.

331

il) cajamar

Description of he entities participating in th issue and description o their functions
Participante in the transaction are included in section 52 o the Registration Document

The Management Company declares that the summary descriptions af the Transaction
Documents included in the Prospectus, contain the most relevant and material information
regarding each of the Transaction Documents and gve a true and far view of their content, and
o material information that might affect the contents o this Prospectus has been omitted

Description of the method and of the date of sale, transfer, novation or assignment of the
Assets

“The Loans from which the Recelvables derive exist, are valid, and contain contractualy binding
and enforceable obligatons of the type that are commonly recognized and accepted by the
Spanish courts, and ll subject to the exceptions of general application under Spanish law, having.
observed in ts origination all the legal proviions in force, with full recourse to Debtors and,
“here applicable, o guarantors.

Allthe Loans have been originated by Cajamar. The origintion of each and every Loan has taken
place and will take place during the ordinary course of Cajamar business pursuant to
underwritig standards that are no les stringent than those that Cajamar applied at the time of
origination 10 similar exposures that are not securtised,fathful following the policy of loans"
origination in force at any given time. The 100% af the Outstanding Balance of the Receivables is
in ne with Cajamar's current orignation policy set fort in section 2.2.7 of the Adina Bulling.
Black. The Recelvables assigned, and which will be assigned to the Fund, do not include:
transerable securitis, as defined in point (44) of Artie 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, nor any
securiisation position. None of the secuitised assets include, nor wil it include, derivatve
financial instruments.

Assignment of the Recelvables

“The Fund is structured as a closed fund both in assets and liabitis side. On the Date of
Incorporation, the Originator will assign without undue delay the Recelvables to the Fund
pursuantto and in accordance with the terms set out in the Deed of Incorporation, as described in
this Prospectus,

“The Deed of Incorporation will detail each Loan from which the Receivables derive, with an
Outstanding Balance o the Receivables as close as possible to €953,000,000.00.

"The assignment of Receivables derived from Non-Mortgage Loans will be carried cut through the
execution of the Deed of Incorporation and will entiethe Fund as assignee to receve from the.
Date of Incorporation al payments under the relevant Non-Mortgage Loans in accordance with
section 3332 of the Additional Building Block, as well as any Ancilry Right derived from each
Loan under the terms established in their respective Loan Agreements and which are inherent to
them.

For these purposes, "Ancillay Rights" means any and al present or future rights arsing from the.
Loans () including but not límited to any compensation deriving from insurance policies,
payments made by potential guarantors, payments derived from foreclosures Or insolvency
praceeding and any right that, in connection with any guarantee or security interest (including,
without límitaion,pledges and/or mortgages) and according to atile 1,528 of the Spanish Civil
Code, may correspond to the Originator in relation with he Loans; and (i) excluding ciim fees for
failure of payments subrogation fees, repayment or early termination fees as well as any other
fee or disbursement (suplido) corresponding to the Originator


il) cajamar

In addition, the assignment of the Receivables derived from Mortgage Loans will be carried out
through the Originator's issue and the Fund' subscription of the Mortgage Transfer Certificates
"These MTCS wil be subscribed by the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, to be pooled
in the Fund, by virue of the Deed of Incorporation and upon the terms thereo!, in accordance
it the Iegisiaton on the mortgage market (Law 2/1981, Royal Decree 716/2006, the Fourth
Additional Provision of Law 5/2015 and other applicable legal provisions)

“The assignment of the Recelvables wi not be subject to severe lawback provision in the event
fte Originator's insolvency pursuant to article 16. 0 Law 5/2015. In this regard, Article 16.4 of
Law 5/2015 (by reference to the 4” additional provision of Law 5/2015 and Articles 10 and 15 of
Law 2/1981) the assignment of the Receivablestransfered to the Fund may only be rescinded or
challenged under Article 71 of the Insolvency Act by the insolvency administration and in so
challenging, the insolvency administration will have to prove the existence of fraud in the:
assignment.Each Mortgage Transfer Cetfcate shares 100% of the Outstanding Balance of the.
corresponding Mortgage Loan and wil accrue an interest equal to the ordinary interest accrued
by each Mortgage Loan, the transfer of each MTC will impl the assignment since the Date of
Incorporation of any Ancilry Right derived from each Mortgage Loan under the terms
established in their respective Loan Agreements and which are inherent to them. The
participation in the Mortgage Loans through the issue of MTCS will be for the whole of the
remaining period until the final maturity of the Mortgage Loans with no agreement of any to
repurchase on the side of the Originator with the exception of those described in section 22.9 of
the Additional Building Block

“The Originator wi not assume any responsibiy whatsoever for non- payment by the Debtors,
"whether for principal, interes, or any other amount which the Debtors may owe pursuant o the
Mortgage Loans. Likewise, it wil not be held ble, in any form whatsoower, for directly or
insirecty guaranteeing the successful conclusion of this transaction and it will not grant collteral
or bank guarantess, except as described in section 22.9 ofthis Additional Bullding Block

3.32. Rights conferred to the Fund through the assignment of the Receivables

“The Fund, as legal holder of the Receivabls vil hold the rights generally recognized by applicable
law and in the Receivables.

“The Fund is entitled to receive all amounts (including principal, ordinary interest and default
interest) paid by the Debtor from the execution of the Deed of Incorporation (on the Date of
Incorporation. Under no circumstance wil the Fund have to pay any amount to the Orginator or
the Debtor related to the Recelvables other an the price of assigrment specified in section 3.34
that follows.

Each Receivable derived from each Lon shares 100% o its outstanding balance, from the Date of
Incorporation fort remaining term to redemption. The Fund will acquire the right to collect:

(1. Payments of principal from the Receivables redeemed since the Date of Incorporation
(included)

(For Receivables whose next payment instalment wi be due and payable on or before the last
day ofthe month immediately prior o the Fist Payment Date, payments o ordinary interests
from the Receivables which wi be made since the Date of Incorgoration (includes);

() For Receivables whose next payment instalment vil e due and payable after the last day of
the month immediately prior to the First Payment Date, ordinary interests from the
Recemables which accrued from the Date of Incorporation (included);

(1) Payment of default interest from the Recelvables derived from Loans since the Date of
Incorporation (included) made by each Debor ín accordance with the corresponding
agreement,

09


il) cajamar

(4) Payment of any other amounts ar
from Ancllary Rights.

ng from contract or law, including, without limittion,

Principal repaid under the Loans after the Date of Incorporation but belonging o instalments
due prior to the Date of Incorporation wil correspond to the Originator who wil collect them
with preference over those that correspond to the Fund when the Debtor makes the relevant
payment,

Interests repaid afterthe Date of Incorporation and accrued under the Loans prior to the Date of
Incorporation vil correspond to the Orignator (except those referred to Receivabls included in
(i) above) which wil be collected by the Originator with preference over those that correspond.
tothe Fund when the Debtor makes payment.

As assignee of the Receivables the Fund wil be entitled to receive all payments made by the.
Destors under the Loans from the execution of the Deed of Incorporation (on the Date of
Incorporation), as well as any rights or payments derived rom any Ancillay Rights.

Amounts resulting from the acquisition price (remate) or any amounts determined by a judicial
resolution or notarial proceeding in relation to the foreclosure of the securt interests securing.
the Loans (both ín case of Mortgage Loans and Non-Mortgage Loans) wil correspond to the.
Fund, as well as any amounts deriving from the sale or expropration of real estate properties or
foreclosed assets or, as a consequence of such forecosures, from the management and interim.
ounership o the real estate properties. The Originator as Loan Servicer undertakes to make all
necessary notification in order for such payments to be made to the Fund

Effectienes of the assignment

“The assignment of the Recelvabls (including the issue and subscription of Mortgage Transfer
Certificates) is effective from th Date of the Incorporation f the Fund and wi be considered full
and unconditional and for the entire remaining term until redemption of each Recelvable

Upon the execution of the Deed of Incorporation, the assignment of Receivables derived from
Non.Mortgage Loans and the subscription of the Mortgage Transfer Certificates wil be
enforceable vis-3vis any third parties (surtirá efectos frente a terceros) in accordance with Artie.
1,526 ofthe Spanish Cil Code.

Price ofthe assignment

On the Disbursement Date, the Fund will pay to the Originator the Outstanding Balance not Due
fthe Recelvables on the Date of Incorporation, once it has received th subscription price o the
Notes.

On the Date of Incorporation, the diference between the Initial Balance of the Notes and the
Outstanding Balance of the Receivabls wil be deposited in the Treasury Account.

The calculation of the assignment price has not taken into consideration the amounts that
correspond to the interest accrued by the assigned Recelvables from the latest interest
settlement date of each ofthe Loans immediately prior to the Date of Incorporation and until the.
Date of Incorporation. Once collected from Debtors, Cajamar will retain such interest and shall
ot pass them to the Fund!

In the event of cancellaion of the incorporation of the Fund, and thus the assignment of the
Recelvables,() the obligtion of the Fund to pay the purchase price of the Recetvables will be.
extinguished, () the Management Company wil be obliged to relmburse Cajamar any amounts
that may have accrued to the Fund due to the assignment of the Receivables, and (li) the
Originator will recover its ownership (cancellng al the MTCS issued). In this event, the Originator
váll pay all rezsonable and duly documented expenses directly and effectiely incurred in the
incorporation of the Fund!


il) cajamar

335. Cajamars responsbiliy in relation to the Receivables

“The Originator, in accordance with article 348 of the Spanish Commercial Code and article 1529 0f
the Civil Code, wil be responsible to the Fund for the existence and lawfulness of the Recelvables
assigned on the Date of Incorporation, and is legal standing to effet the assignment, but wil not
assume any responsibility for the solvency ofthe Debtors

“The above shall be understood without prejudice to what is established in section 4.4 of the
Registration Document and which relates to the preferential right over the Receivables, the
responsibilities of the Orignator for the representations and warrantis given under section 2.2.8
of the Additional Bulidng Block and the Deed of Incorporation, and the undertakings assumed in
sections 22.9 and 3.72 0fthe Additional Building Block

1£ the Fund is obliged to make any payments to third parties due to the assigament of the
Recelvables that have not been paid at the Date of Incorporation due to the fact that the
information supplied by the Orignator on the Receivables ís incomplete or inaccurate, the
Originator shall be lizble to the Fund for any damage incurred, expense supported, taxes or
penaltia derived for the Fund. The Fund and Cajamar wil agree in the Deed o Incorporation that
any invaidation or cancellation of the floor interest rates under any of the Loans wl only afect
the Fund from the date on which such cancellation or nvalidity 1 decreed by judgment, with the.
Originatorassuming any compensation that might correspond to the Debtor of the relevant Loan.
“The Originato shall indemnify in full and hold harmles the Fund from and against any and al
damages and clsims (whether or not successful, compromised or settled), actions, demande,
proceedings or judgments which may be institute, made, threatened, alleged, asserted or
established from time to time in any jrisicion intated by the Debtors in connection with such
invaidation or cancellaion of the interest floor clauses (including all costs and expenses.
reasonably incurre in the defence of the interest of the Fund)

Moreover, if the reference interest rate plus the margin applicable to any Loan were to be.
negative, it would mean that neither would the Debtor pay any interest amount nor would
the Originator pay any amount to the Debtor for the negative interest, Notwithstanding the.
above, f the law changes or consolidated case law of a Supreme Court shows an opposing.
opinion, any potential cost would be paid by the Originator. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Originator shall hold harmiess the Fund from any potential application of negative interest
rates to any Loan included in the Portal,

326. Fundadvance

“The Originator will not advance any amount to the Fund on behalf of the Debtors, other for
principal or interest of the Receivables or Ancilay Rights

337. Assignment notification

“The Management Company and the Originator agree not to notify the Debtors of the assignment
of the Receivables on the Date of Incorporation except in case such notification is mandator in
accordance with any law or regulation enacted from time to time


iii) cajamar

Nevertheless, the Management Company may instruct the Originator as Loan Servicer to notify
the assignment of the Receivables to the Debors, insurance companies and third party
guarantors and that only the payments under the Loans made in the Treasury Account (or any
other designated by the Management Company) will release such Debtor from is liabtis under
the relevant Loan Agreement the Management Company consider necessary for the protection
fte interest of he Noteholders and, in any case, within he Loan Servicer Replacement Term, in
the event of declaration of insolveny of the Originaor, of the Loan Servicer, or in case any of
revocation of any of their authoisation to operate as a credit entity in Spain or ¡any of them is
affected by a resolution process under the terms establshed in Law 11/2015; to noti such
event, the Management Company vil select the most operative, fast and efficient channel to
implement such notification

In this respect the Originator undertakes to immediately notify the Management Company the.
declaration of insolvency or the revocation of ts right to operates credit entity in Spain ori
isaffected by a resolution process as described in Law 11/2015.

Such notification will alo be addressed to insurance companies or to any guarantor of the Loans.

For these purposes, the Management Company may request from the Originator and from the.
Loan Service, and they wil not be able to deny to provide any information that the Management.
Company considers necessary or desirable in order to comply wth the above notfication
procedure, provided that the Originator and/or the Loan Servcer shal not be obliged to comply
wit this obligation that would cause an infringement of any law or regulation applicable from
time to timo. In this later case, to the extent possible, the Originator and/or the Loan Server will
do their best to miligate this situation.

immediately upon the request from the Management Company, the Orginator as Loan Servicer
will notify the Debtors and, if applicable, any insurance company or guarantor of the Recevables,
the assignment of the Receivables and wil provide the Management Company with proof of the.
positive notífiation to the Debtors by submiting any receipts of such notification as soon as.
these are avallabl.

Together with this instruction to notify, the Management Company will provide to the Originator
and to the Loan Servicer list of the expected payments under the Recevables for the current
and the immediately following collection periods, in accordance with the data available to the
Management Company at such time. In any event, from the date on which the Oriinator receive.
this st st will immediately transfer to the account designated by the Management Company
(opened at an entity with the required rating in accordance with section 34.41 of the Additional
Building Block for the counterparty of the Treasury Account) any amount derived from the:
Receivables held by the Fund at that moment and will continue to transfer, on a daily basis, any.
amount: recelves from such Recelvables.

Nevertheless the Originator shall grant any authoristions or powers of attorney necessary in
order forthe Management Company to notify the assignment o the Receivables when necessary

“The Originator wil bear all the expenses derived from the notification process even if carried out
by the Management Company.

Receivable yield payment withiholding,

No Income for the Fund from any Receivable s subject to withholdings on account of Corporate.
Tax, asi estabished by the Regulation of the Corporate Tax, passed by Royal Decree 634/2015,

In the event that any direct withholding tax or indirect taxis established in the futue that affets
such payments, they il be paid by the Orignator (so that the Fund is not affected by any such
withholding and recelves payments from the Recelvables gross from the Originator] aná
reimbursed to whom they correspond if recovered by the Fund,


il) cajamar

339. Seto

Exceptionally, and notwithstanding section 22. ofthe Additional Building lock, in the event that
any Debtor has a legal credit right or a right to oppose any payment against the Oriinator and,
therefore, as a result any Recelable is affected by a set-offín full or ín part the Originator will
remedy such cicumstance with the Debtor and if such remedy is not possible, the Oriinator will
transfer to the Fund the relevant amount offset plus interest accrued that would have.
corresponded to the Fund until the day of the transfer, calculated in accordance with the
provisios of he corresponding Loan Agreement.

34. Explanationoofthe fund flow.
3.4. How the asset flows will meet the Issuer's obligations with the Noteholders

In accordance with this section, the Fund wil meet the payment obligations derived from the.
Notes and other labs that comprise is assts y applying the cashuMlows received from the:
Recenables and other applicable rights. The Fund wil, in addition, arrange other credit
enhancement mechanisms that are described in this section, These mechanisms will e applied in
accordance with the rules established in this Prospectus and in order to enable the flowsto which.
the Fundis entitled to attend its payment obligations, in accordance with the Priority of Payments
and the Liquidation Priority of Payments established in section 34.63 and 3.1.6: of the
Adiéitional Bulling Black.

3.42. Financial transactions arranged and credit enhancement
3.421. Financial transactions aranged

In order to consolidate the financial structure o the Fund, to increase the security and reguarity
fthe payment ofits oblgations and to cover any mismatches between ho cash Hlows generated!
by the Receivables and the principal and interest due under the Notes, the Management
Company, in the name and on behalf of the Fund, wil enter in the following agreements on the.
Date ofIncorporation

—  Subordinated Loan fr nitilExpenses a se out in section 3413. of this Adéitional Building.
Block

— Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve, as set out in section 3432 of this
Adkitional Building Block.

— Treasury Account, as set out in section 3.4.1 this Additional Building Block.

— Agency and Financial Services Agreement, as set out in section 3.4.7.1 of this Additional
Building Block.

“The Management Company may extend or amend the agreements subscribed on behalf of the
Fund and replace each of the services providers, including, if necessary arranging additional
agreements as long as its in compliance with current leisaton. in any event, such actions will
require the prior notification to or authorisation from the CNMV [or from the relevant authority),
and the notification to the Rating Agencies. The Management Company will nat ente into such
amendments in case they negativelyafect the ratings assigned to the Rated Notes by the Rating
Agencies.

“he description of the agreements described in this Prospectus accurately refects the most
relevant terms and does not omit any information that might aflet the contents of this
Prospectus

Such agreements may be cancelled in the events foreseen in this Prospectus and, in particular, :


iii) cajamar

— the Rating Agencies do not confirm, prior to or during the Disbursement Date, the
provisional ratings asigned to the Rated Notes included in this Prospectus; or

— if priorto the Disbursement Date, an unforeseen and unforeseeable event takes place and!
prevents the performance of the Management, Placement and Subscription Agreement, n
accordance with ati 1105 of the Civil Code; or

— if any of the conditions precedent established in the Management, Placement and
Subscription Agreement have not been met by the time foreseen thereunder.

Aditionall, the Fund will enjoy the protection mechanisms of preference and subordination of
principal and interest ofthe Notes set outin sections 4.8 and 4.9 ofthe Securities Note.

3.422. Reserve Fund

As credit enhancement to protect against possible losses deried from Non-Performing
Receivables and, in order to enable the Fund's payments in accordance with the Priority of
Payments and Liquidation Priority of Payments established in sections 3.163 and 3.464 of the
Adiétional Building Block, the Fund will benefit from the Reserve Fund. Regardless any other risks
that may affet the ability o the fund to make any payment, as the transaction does not include a
specific interes rates hedging, the risk derived from this circumstance will also be covered with
the Reserve Fund,

“The Reserve Fund will be funded on the Dissursement Date with the corresponding proceede
from the distursement of Class E Notes. On the Disbursement Date, the Reserve Fund wi have an.
initial balance of €19,100,000 (the "Intl Reserve Fund")

On each Payment Date, the Reserve Fund wil be funded to reach the Required Reserve Amount
vit the available funds in accordance with th Priority of Payments,

“The "Required Reserve Amount" means, 12 months after the Disbursement Date and on any
uarterly Payment Date thereafte, to the extent the Outstanding Bslance of the Performing.
Recelvables is greater than ero, an amount equal 2% of the Outstanding Balance ofthe Class Ao.
Class D Notes; with a fioor of 1% of the Outstanding Balance of the Clas A to Class D Notes on the.
Disbursement Date. Fo the avoidance of doubt, during the first 12 months after Disbursement.
Date the Required Reserue Amount wíl be the Initial Reserve Fund.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Required Reserve Amount wil not be allowed to amortise on
the applicable Payment Date and wil remain at the Required Reserve Amount on the immediately
preceding Payment Date ifany ofthe following circumstances occur

(0 Ifthe Reserve Fund has notbeen funded up to an amount equal to the Required Reserve
Amount on the preceding Payment Date; or

(1) 16 the Outstanding Balance of the Non-Performing Receivables on the last day of the
month prior to the relevant Payment Date is higher than 4.50% of the Outstanding.
Balance of Receivables on such dae.

“The Reserve Fund may be drawn on each Payment Date (and such amounts drawn added to the
Avallable Funds) to reduce (up to zero) any shortall of Available Funds to satify, in order of
priority, items () o (vi) o the Priority of Payments described in section 31.63 of the Adsitional
Building Block

3.423. Commingling Reserve

To mítigate any potential distuption on the payment of ordinary and extraordinary expenses and!
Class A Notes interest, the Fund will benefi from the Commingling Reserve, The Commingling
Reserve vil only cover the ordinary and extraordinary expenses or interest on the Class A Notes
non the occurrence of a Commingling Reserve Event.


il) cajamar

A “Commingling Reserue Event" means:

(0) Failure by the Servicer to transfer colections of the Loans to the Fund, if this
failure is not cured in a period of five (5) Busines Days;

(iD Insolveney of the Service, ¡fit results in any disruption of the payments to be.
made to the Fund; or

(li) Upon the Servcer being replaced by the Back-Up Servicer, it results in any
distuptionofthe payments to be made to the Fund!

The Commingling Reserve will be funded on the Disbursement Date with the corresponding.
proceeds from the dsbursement of the Subordinated Loan or the Commingling Reserve. On the.
isbursement Date, the Commingling Reserve wil have an initial balance of £500,000. The
Commingling Reserve will be deposited in the Treasury Account at Santander and will only be.
applied for the purposes of covering the ordinary and the extraordinary expenses and the
interests on the Cass ANotes upon occurrence ofa Commingling Reserve Event.

On each Payment Date, the Commingling Reserve will be reduced to reach the Required
Comminglin Reserve Amount, in accordance with the Priority of Payments. The Comminging.
Reserve wl be used upon the occurrence of a Commingling Reserve Event.

"The “Required Commingling Reserve Amount" means

1. Onthe Disbursement Date, £900,000, and

2. afterthe Disbursement Date an amount equal to the higher f:() £800,000 mulilied by
the ratio which results of dviding the current balance of Class A Notes and the initial
balance of Class A Notes; and i) the 50% of the Required Commingling Reserve Amount
on the Disbursement Date. Notwithstanding the above, once Class A Notes are amortised
inful, the Required Commingling Reserve Amount will be zero,

On any quarterly Payment Date, amounts in excess of the Required Commingling Reserve Amount.
úl be used to amortise the Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve. Far any avoidance
of doubt it wil be considered as Avallble Funde but for the purposes of sections 3,463 and!
3.1.6 of the AdáitionalBulling Block wil only be used for the amontization o the Subordinated!
Loan forte Commingling Reserve

3.43. Details of any subordinated finance
3.4.3. Subordinated Loan for Initial Expenses.
“The Management Company, in the name and on behalf of the Fund, wil enter into a commercial

Subordinated Loan for Initial Expenses agreement with Cajamar fora total amount. of one millon
ne hundred and fty three thousand Euros (£1,153,000.00)

The drawdoun of the Subordinated Loan for Initial Espenses amount will take place on the
Disbursement Date by deposit into the Treasury Account opened within the Paying Agent. The:
Management Company váll use the amount of the Loan to pay the Initial Expenses of the
incorporation of the Fund and the issuance the Notes,

The Loan wil accrue fised interests at a rate of 25%, payable on each Payment Date, in
accordance with the Priority of Payments and the Liquidation Priority of Payments established in
sections 34.63 and 34.64 ofthe Additional Building Block

Repayment of the Subordinated Loan for Initial Expenses will take place on each Payment Date, in
an amount equal to the remaining amount of the Avallable Funds, after payment of al items
ranking ahead in the Priority of Payments and the Liquidation Priority of Payments established in
section 34.50fthe Additional Building Block.


iii) cajamar

“The maturity of the Subordinated Loan for Initial Expenses will take place on the first of the
following dates: () the Payment Date on which the Subordinated Loan for Initial Expenses is
repaid in fl, ho Legal Maturity Date of the Fundr (the Liquidation Date of the Fund,

“The repayment of principal and the payment of interests n the Subordinated Loan for Initial
Expenses vil follow the Priority of Payments or the Liquidation Priority of Payments to the extent
that there are suffcient Avallable Funds on each relevant Payment Date. in the event that the
Fund does not have sufiiet liqidity to repaythe relevant amounts due under th Subordinated!
Loan for IntialExpenses in accordance with the Priority of Payments established in section 3.45
of the Additional Building Block, all amounts unpaid to Cajamar as Subordinated Loan Provider
pursuant to the preceding paragraphs will be paid (together with those amounts to be repaid on
the relevant Payment Date) on the immediately folowing Payment Date on which there are
suffient Available Funds to make payment in accordance with the Priority af Payments or the.
Liquidation Priority of Payments, a applicable, established in sections 3.463 and 3.4.6 of the
Adiétional Bulling Black.

Amounts not psid on preceding Payment Dates wil be psid in preference to those amounte
corresponding to the relevant Payment Date, by applying the Available Funds to the interests
acerued and not paid fist and, secondly, o the repayment of principal amounts, according to the
Priority of Payments or, f applicable, to the Liquidation Priority of Payments established in
sections 3.463 and 3.6.4 of the Additional Building Block

“The amounts due and unpaid under this Subordinated Loan for Initial Expenses wll not accrue
default interest in favour o the creditor.

3.4.2.2. Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve

“The Management Company, in the name and on behalf of the Fund, wil entr into a commercial
Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve Agreement with Cajamar fora total amount of
nine hundred thousand Euros (£300,000).

"The drawdown ofthe Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve amount wil take place on
the Disbursement Date by deposit into the Treasury Account opened within the Paying Agent. The
"Management Company wil use the amount of the Loan to pay the Commingling Reserve of the.
incorporation of the Fund.

The Loan wil accrue fised interests at a rate of 25%, payable on esch Payment Date, in
accordance with the Priority of Payments and the Liquidation Priority of Payments established in
sections 3.463 and 34.64 of the Additional Building Block

Repayment of the Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve will take place on each
Payment Date, in an amount equal to the excess of the Required Commingling Reserve Amount,
For any avoidance of doubt the amounts in excess of he Required Commingiing Reserve Amount.
il be considered as Avallable Funds but for the purposes of sections 34.6 and 3.5. of the
Additional Building Block will only be used for the amortiation f the Subordinated Loan for the
Commingling Reserve. The Commingling Reserve will be used upon the occurrence of a
Commingling Reserue Event

“The maturiy of the Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve wil take place on the fist of
the following dates: (1) the Payment Date on which Class A Notes are repaid in full (i) the
Payment Date on which the Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserue is repaid info,
the Legal Maturity Date o the Fund or (1) the Liquidation Date ofthe Fund,

16


iii) cajamar

“The repayment of principal and the payment of interests on the Subordinated Loan for the
Comminglng Reserve wilfllow the Priority o Payments or the Liquidation Priority of Payments
to the extent that there are suffiient Available Funds on each relevant Payment Date. In the
event that the Fund does not have suffiient liqidity to repay the relevant amounts due under
the Subordinated Loan for the Comminglng Reserve in accordance with the Priority of Payments
established in section 34.6 of the Additional Bulling Block, al amounts unpaid to Cajamar as
Subordinated Loan Provider pursuant to the preceding paragraphs will be paid (together with
those amounts to be repaid on the relevant Payment Date) on the immediately following,
Payment Date on which there are suffcient Avalable Funds to make payment in accordance with
the Priority of Payments or the Liquidation Priority of Payments, as applicable, established in
sections 3.46 and 34.64 ofthe Addional Building Block

Amounts not psid on preceding Payment Dates wil be psid in preference to those amounte
corresponding to the relevant Payment Date, by applying the Available Funds to the interests
acerued and not paid fist and, secondly, o the repayment of principal amounts, according to the
Priority of Payments or, f applicable, to the Liquidation Priority of Payments established in
sections 3:46. and 34.64 ofthe Additional Building Block
“The amounts due and unpaid under this Subordinated Loan or the Comminglin Reserve will not
acerue defaultinterstinfavour of the credito

3.1.4.  Parameters for the investment of temporary excess amounts and institutions responsible for
such investment

3.4. Treasury Account

“The Fund wil hold an account at Santander, which wil at as provider of the Treasury Account in

accordance with the Agency and Financial Services Agreement, where all payments due to the
Fund wil be deposited and from which all payments due by the Fund wil be mado, in accordance

vit the instructions of the Management Company.
“The Agency and Financial Services Agreement will be entered by and between the Management
Company, on behalf of the Fund, and Santander on the Date of Incorporatio. In the event that
Banco de Crédito Social Cooperativo, S.A. (*BCC") or Cajamar meet the Fitch and DBRS criteria
described in this section, the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, will execute the

corresponding agreement with BC or Cajamar in order to replace Santander as Treasury Account.
provider to one of the referred two entities, provided that at least one (1) ear has elapsed from
the execution of the Agency and Financial Services Agreement with Santander.

The following amounts, among others, shall be deposited ino the Treasury Account:
(0 principal andinterest on the Recelvables;

(iD any other amounts paid under the Loans other than principal and interest and which.
correspond to the Fund, These amounts include, among others, default interests under
the Recelvables and Ancilary Rights the payments made by the insurance companies and
bir party guerantors;

(ri) ttreamount corresponding to the Reserve Fund;

(id) On the Disbursement Date, the amount corresponding to the Subordinated Loan
Agreement for Initial Expenses and to the proceeds from the issuance of the Notes;

(W) — retumsfromthe balances of the Treasury Account tel, fas

ui) the proceeds of the liquidaion, if any, and where applicable, of the Receivables and!
assetsofthe Fund;

(vi) ttreamount corresponding to the Commingling Reserve;


iii) cajamar

(ii) Any other amounts that shal be deposited in the Treasury Account in accordance with
the proviions included in this Prospectus and the Deed of Incorporation

“he amounts corresponding to the Suborcinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve Agreement
il lso be deposited in the Treasury Account on the Disbursement Date. However, the
Commingling Reserve vil only be used for the purposes of covering ordinary and extraordinary
expenses and interes on the Class A Notes upon occurrence of  Commingling Reserve Event, in
accordance with section 3.4.3 o the Additional Building Block

All collections and payments during the entre life of the Fund will be centralised in the Treasury
Account.

Notwithstanding the above, the Management Company may decide to open any accounts that lt
consider necessary or the management of the Fund, which wil be regulated by similar terms of
those regulating the Treasury Account. 1f Management Company decides to open a reinvestment.
or similar purpose account in the name of the Fund, the resources of the Fund wil be deposite
into such account. Ifthis is the case, the Management Company wil transfer from this account to
the Treasury Account, within at least one (1) Business Day in advance to each Payment Date, ll
the amounts required in order to comply the Funds bligations on such Payment Dat.

“The Treasury Account could never have a negative balance against the Fund and it will be a
demand deposit (saldos a la vista),

“The amounts deposited into th Treasury Account will acrue variable interest rates equal to the
sum of the (1) month EURIBOR with floor of 0% minus a margin of 0.15%. The interests il e.
accrued dally and they can be revised by the provider of the Treasury Account annually. The
duration of the Treasury Account wil e divided into interest periods, which will have a term of
ne (1) month. The first interest period will begin on the Date of Incorporation and shall finish on
the last ate of the month in which the fund was Incorporated,

DBRS Criteria

1. The Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, shall apply the provisions of the Legal
Criteria for European Structured Finance Transactions document published by DBRS in
September 2018. The entity providing the Treasury Account or the account opened by the
Fund to replace or complement t must have a rating of at least the higher of () a rating one
notch lower the lang term Critical Obligations Rating (“COR”) or (i) long term senior
únsecured debt "A" according to DBAS Rating

2. Notwithstanding Fitch Criteria below, in the event that the provider of the account concerned!
loses the minimum required herein, or any of the ratings are withcrawn, the Management
Company must, ith prior notice to the Rating Agencies and within a maximum period of
thirty (20) calendar days from the date on which this situation aises, adopt one of the
options described below to alow an appropriate level of guarantee to be maintained with
respectto the commitments relatingto the Treasury Account:

1) obtain an unconcitonal and rrevocable guarantee on frst demand from one or more.
entities with a rating Of at least the higher of (1) rating one notch lower the long,
term COR or (il long term senior unsecured debt “A” according to DBRS Rating,
securing, upon request of the Management Company, the timely performance by the.
account holder of ts obligation to repay the amounts deposited thercin, for as long,
asthe situation remains downgraded; or


345.

iii) cajamar

(1) transfer the balances deposited in the account opened with the affected provider to
another account or accounts opened on behalf of the Fund with one or more entities
with a rating of at least the higher of, (1 rating one notch lower the long term COR.
ar li) long term senior unsecured debt “A” according to DBRS Rating. The
Management Company vil arrangethe highest possible return for the balance of the

aforementioned accounts which may be equal to or higher than that arranged with
the provider of the Treasury Account.

3. DBAS Rating for the provider of the Treasury Account or the account opened by the Fund to,
replace or complement it wil be the higher of the ratings described below (which, in any
case, should be o at least “A")

(0 a rating one notch below the insttutior's longterm Critical Obligaions Rating (COR)
in case the provider of the Treasury Account or the account opened by the Fund to
replace or complementithas a COR, and!

(1) DAR Rating for the long-term senior unsecured debt rating of the provider of the
Treasury Account or the account opened by the Fund to replace or complemert it

FITCH Criteria

1. The entity providing the Treasury Account or the account opened by the Fund to replace or
complement it must have a minimum deposit rating oa least “A” in the long term or “FI” in
the short term (or Issuer Defaul: Rating 1f deposit rating is not avllble) according to Fiteh
Criteria

2. Notuithstanding Criteria DBRS above, in the event that the provider of the account
concerned loses the minimum rating required herein, or any of he ratings are withdrawn,
the Management Company must, with prior notice to the Rating Agencies and within a
maximum period of thirty (30) calendar days from the date on which this situation ais,
adopt one of the options described below to allow an appropriate level of guarantee to be.
maintained with respect o the commitment relting o the Treasury Account:

1 obtain an unconcitional and irrevocable guarantee on frst demand from one or more.
entities with minimum Fitch deposit rating of at least “A” in the long term or “FI” in
he short term (or Issuer Default Rating f deposit rating is not available) securing,
upon request ofthe Management Company, the timely performance by the provider
ofthe account ofts oblgation to repay the amounts deposited therein, for as long as
the situation remains downgraded, or

(i), transfer the balances deposited in the account opened with the affected provider to
another account or accounts opened on behalf of the Fund with one or more entities
with minimum Fitch deposit rating of at leas A in the long term or “F1” in the short
term (or Isuer Default Rating if deposit rating ls not available) the Management
Company will arrange the highest possible return for the balance of the
aforementioned accounts, which may be equal to or higher than that arranged with
he Treasury Account provider.

AI costs, expenses and taxes incurred by the implementation and execution of the above options
related to DBRS and fics cren wil be considered Extraordinary Expenses of the Fund,

“The provider of the Treasury Account wil notify the Management Company of any loss or
suspension of rating by the Rating Agencies that might affect ts compromises established in the.
Agency and Financial Services Agreement

Collection by the Fund of the payments related to the Receivables

19


iii) cajamar

From the Date ofIncorporation and for as lang as it is not replaced pursuant to section 37.2. of
the Additional Bullding Block, the Originaor, as Loan Service, wil collect all amounts due from
the Debtors and any other obligors and insurance companies, and wil use its best efforts to
ensure that all payments due by Debtors, or third parts, pursuant to the Loan Agreements, are
collected on the corresponding date in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof

In the event of deinquencie of the Debtors, the Loan Servicer wi take the actions described in
section 37.2 ofthe Additional Bulling Block, and wilcary out the same measures that it would
have carried out ¡fit continued to be the owner of the Receivable, and provided that such actions
do not negatively afíectthe management of the Fund nor the rating assigned to the Rated Notes.
Each calendar month from the Date of Incorporation until the cancelltion of he Fund s defined
as a Collection Period, However, the first Collection Peri will egin on the Date f Incorgoratian
and endon 31 December 2018.

During each Collection Period, the Loan Servicer shal deposit any amounts collected from the:
Recemables and which correspond to amounts paid by the Debtors or other third party obligors
under the Loans into the Treasury Account onthe next Business Day on which these are collected

Notwithstanding the foregoing, he Management Company considers it necessary for improved!
protection of the interests of the Noteholders, and, in any case, upon occurrence of a Loan
Servier replacement event, in the event of declaraton of insolvency of the Originator, of the
Loan Servicer, orin case of revecation of any o heirauthoristions to operates a credit entity in
Spsin or if any of them is afected by a resolution process under the terms established in Law
14/2015, it ul intruct the later to notify each of the Debtor and any other obligor and the
insurance companies, to pay the amounts due under the Receivables directiy ino the Treasury
Account or the account opened for such purpose by the Management Company, provided that
the Fith Cite and the DERS Criteia described ín section 3.4.4.1 of the Additional Building
Blcicare met

Controlofthe deposited amounts orisina from the Receivobles
"Within the fest five (5) Business Days of each month the Loan Servier wil provide to the Fund a
detailed report including the following information:

— The outstanding balance to be paid under each of the Loans from which the Recelvables
assigned to the Fund deriva, diferentating between matured amounts and those not yet
due.

= Amounts collected during the previous Collection Period as scheduled repayments of
principal for each of the Loans from which the Receivables assigned to the Fund derive,
including principal recoveries from prior defaults.

—  Amounts collected during the previous Collection Period as prepayments of principal for
each of he Loans from which the Recelvables assigned to the Fund derive, stating the
value date of such prepayments.

=  Amounts collected during the previous Collection Period as interests for each o the Loans.
from which the Recelables assigned to the Fund deriva, including interest recoveries
from prior defaults.

— Current instalment and date ofthe next payment of each o the Loans,

— Current imerest rate for each of the Loans and the date of he entry into effect of such.
interestrate, applicable.

—- Margin overthe current interest rte, applicable.

10


iii) cajamar

— Remaining term (in months) of each of the Loans from which the Receivable assigned o,
the Fund derive.

—  Listofihe Loans that have been decared in default during the previous Colction Period.
—  Amountrom each of the Loans for cumulative due and unpaid principal

— Amountfrom each of the Loans for cumulative due and unpad interest.

— Number of unpsid instalments for each of the Loans.

— Amount of default interest collected for each ofthe Loans.

= information on amendments to the terms and conditions of each Loan Agreement,
especialy those referrng to defaulted Loans.

= Information on status of any Loan foreclosure and any proceed recelved accordingly.

= information on status o any repossession derived from a Loan foreclosure or a payment
in ind and any proceed received from the sale orlease of the repossessed properties.

Adéitionally, subject to applicable regulations, the Loan Sevicer will provide any other
information related to the Loans that s reasonable requested by the Management Company in
order to carry out ts functions.

“The Collection Adjustment Date” is defined as the 20" of each month or the immediately
preceding Business Day. On such date, the Management Company and the Loan Servicer will
adjust the amount: effetiely deposited into the Treasury Account (or the account that replaces
it) during the Calletion Period corresponding to the calendar month immediately prior to the
specific Colletion Adjustment Date, to those amounts that should have been deposited in
accordance with each of the Loan Agreements corresponding to the Loans from which the
Receivables assgned to the Fund derive

In the event of disagreements between the Loan Servicer and the Management Company
regarding the adjustment amount on the Collection Adjustment Date, both parties will try to
resolve such disagreements. However, if no agreement is reached prior to the Collection
Adjustment Date, the Loan Servicer will provisionaly transer into the Treasury Account the
amount determined by the Management Company with sufciet jstification, without prejudice
to subsequent agreements to adjust this amount

On each Payment Date and notwithstanding the existence of unresolved disagreements or the
delivery by the Loan Service of incomplete information regarding the Loans that it services
pursuant to the terms of this section, Available Funds on each Payment Date will deem to be the.
outstanding balance of the Treasury Account deposited at the end af the Collection Period!
immediately prior to 2 Payment Date, corresponding to principal, ordinary interest, default
interest and any other amount collected from the Recetvables during the last tee (2) Collection
Periads

3446. Priority of Payments
34.54 Avañlable Funds

On Distursement Date, Avalable Funde shall be the funde received from the isue and!
subscription of the Notes, plus those received from the Subordinated Loan for Initial Expenses and!
the Subordinated Loan for the Commingln Reserve,

On each Payment Date ofthe Fund, Available Funds wil be the following items identified as such
by the Management Company (in accordance with the information recelved from the Loan.
Server)

En


iii) cajamar

(0 Amourts credited in the Treasury Account during the three (3) Collection Periods
immediately prior to the relevant Payment Date, being the First Payment Date on 22%
April 2019 as principal, ordinary interest and default interest, together with other
collections from the Recelvables (including Ancilary Right). FOr the avoidance of doubt,
any amounts received by the Fund such as the revenue from the enforcement of the.
guarantees and security of the Receivables and from the administration and sale or
lease of any property that the Fund may repossess will be included, For the First
Payment Date, will be the amounts crecited in the Treasury Account until the end of
March 2019 (four (4) Collections Perods)

(li) Interests crecitedín the Treasury Account during the Interest Accrual Period since the
last Payment Date, and interests credited in other account that the Management.
Company may have opened in the name of the Fund,

(ii) Anyremaining amounts under the Subordinated Loan for Initial Expenses once the Initial
Expenses have been paid,

io) Amounts corresponding to the Reserve Fund,

(4) Upon the occurrence of a Commingling Reserve Event, amounts corresponding to the
Commingling Reserve. For the avoidance of doubt, the Commingling Reserve wil only
cover the ordinary and extraordinary expenses or interest on the Class A Notes upon the.
ccurrence of a Commingling Reserve Event.

(vi). The amount ínexcess of the Required Commingling Reserve Amount (only used for the
amortization of the Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve).

(vi) The result ofthe liquidation or exploiatin, ¡and when applicable, o the Fund's asets.

The Avallble Funds wil be applied on each Payment Date in accordance with the following
Priority of Payments and Liquidation Priority of Payments described below.

122


il) cajamar

3.62 Priority of Payments on the Disbursement Date

3463

“The Available Funds wil be applied, on the Disbursement Date, to pay for the purchase price of
the Recelvables assigned to the Fund and the Initial Expenses,

Priority of Payments for any Payment Date from the Disbursement Date and different to a
Liquidation Date

On any Payment Date other than the Legal Maturity Date, the Available Funds will e applied o.
the following items (without prejudiceto the payment of any of the items ted in () having taken.
place on a date diferent from a Payment Date, in accordance with section 3.4.6.7 of this
AdgitionalBulling Block) in the following order.

0
mí)
0)
(o
0

(a
0)

5)

7)
0

ba
0)

0)

5)

5)

Ordinary and extraordinary expenses and taxes ofthe Fung,
Payment of interest due and payable on the Class ANotes.
Payment of interest due and payable on the Cass B Notes.
Payment of interest due and payable on the Class CNotes.
Pro-Rata Target Amortisation Amount to be applied to the amortisaion of the Class
A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class € Notes, unless a Subordination Event has
occurred. Upon the occurrence of a Subordination Event, the Target Amortisation
Amount wil be applied fist to amortise the Class A Notes until their full
redemption, secondly ta amortise the Cass B Notes and thirdly to amortise the

Class C Notes until their full redemption, in accordance with section 49 of the
Securities Note.

Payment of interest due and payable on the Class D Notes.

Pro-Rata Target Amortisation Amount to be applied to the amortisaion of the Class
D Notes, unless a Subordinaton Event has occurred. After amortistion f the Class
Notes and upon the occurrence of a Subordination Event, the Target Amortisaton
Amount vil be applied to amortis the Class D Notes unti their fall redemplion.
Funding of he Reserve Fund to lts Reserve Required Amount on all the Payment
Dates other han the Liquidation Date.

Payment ofthe interest due and payable on the Class E ote,

Amortisation on Class E Notes for an amount equal to the higher of) he Class E
Redemption Amount, or (1) the Class E Target Amortiation Amount, unless 3
Subordination Event has occurred, After amortisatin af Class D Notes and upon
the occurrence of a Subordination Event, the Target Amortisation Amount shall be
applied to repay the Class E Notes until repaid in full, in accordance with section 4.9
fthe Securities Note.

Payment ofthe interest accrued under the Subordinated Loan or IntalExpenses.
Amortisation of principal under the Subordinated Loan fr Initial Expenses,

Payment of the interest accrued under the Subordinated Loan for the Commingling
Reserve.

Amortisation of principal under the Subordinated Loan for the Commingling
Reserve.

Payment ofthe Variable Fee.

13


iii) cajamar

3.64 Liquidation Priority of Payments on the Liquidation Date ofthe Fund!

“The Management Company will cancel the Fund when its liquidation takes place on the Legal
Maturty Date or at any time at which the Early Liquidation takes place according to sections 4.4.3
and 4.44 of the Registration Document, by applying the following avalable funds (the “Available
Funds for Liquidation”):() Available Funds, and (1) amounts obtained by the Fund from time to,
time upon disposing of the Recelvables and the remaining assets, ín the following order of
payment pririy (the “Liquidation Priority of Payments”)

(0 Fundingreserveto pay the final cancelation expenses and the iquidaion f taxes,
administrative expenses and publiciy.

(il Ordinary and estracreinary expenses and taxes ofthe Fund,

(ii) Paymentoftheinterest on the Class ANotes,

(io) Amortisation ofthe Class A Notes
(Y) Paymentoftheinterest on the Class B Notes,
(vi) Amortisation ofthe Clas B Notes.
(vi) Payment oftheinterest on the Class CNotes,
(vii) Amortisation of Class CNotes.
(0) Paymentoftheinterest on the Class D Notes.
1) Amortisation ofthe Class D Notes.
16) Paymentoftheintereston the Class E Notes

(ai) Amortisation ote Clas E Notes.
(oi) Paymentof interest ofthe Subordinated Loan fr Initial Expenses.

(bw) Amortisation of pricipal under the Subordinated Loan for Initial Expenses.
bu) Paymentofinterestofthe Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve.

bi) Amortisation of principal under the Subordinated Loan for the Comminglng
Reserve.

(avi) Payment ofthe Variable Fee.
3.,65 Other Priority of Payment Rules

In the event that the Available Funds are nsuffcient to pay any of the amounts mentioned in
previous sections, the following rules will apply

— The Avallable Funds will be applied to the payment of the diferent items set out in the
relevant Priority of Payments order and pro rata to the required amount among obligations
with the same payment rank.

— The amounts that remain outstanding on a Payment Date will rank, on the following,
Payment Date, wth priority over the actual rank for the same payment obligation in
question.

— The amounts owed by the Fund and which have not been paid on their respective Payment.
Dates will not acerue additional interest,

se


) cajamar

34.55 Variable Fee

Cajamar s entitled to variable fee that wil accrue all. This fee is the difference between () all
proceeds derived from the Recelvables plus the interest accrued under the Treasury Account and!
any other return that might correspond to the Fund; minus (al the Funds expenses, including,
interest from any financing such us the Subordinated Loan for Initial Expensas or the
Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve, those necessary for ts incorporation and
operation, and the coverage of any defauts of the Recelvables (the "Variable Fee”),

“The Management Company wil pay the Variable Commission on each Payment Date, with the
límitatons o the Available Funds, in accordance with the Priority of Payments and the Liquidation
Priority of Payments, and once all items prior to such Variable Commission on the Priority of
Payments have been paid

Once the Fund has been liquidated and all the payments have been made pursuant to the
Liquidation Priority of Payments, if there is any remaining amount, such remaining amount will
also be paid to the Originator as Variable Fee.

If applicable, Cajamar wil be responsible for the payment of all taxes related to the payment of
the Variable Fee. In the event that such payments give rise to the mandatory imposiion of any
tax, the amount to be paid shall be reduced to the extent required so that, once increased by the.
tax incurred, there is no change in the agreed consideratio, which shal be deemed for these.
purposes asa total amount including any taxes applicable to the Fund,

Cajamar may assig, traste, replace or subrogate the rights and obligatons derived from this
right provided it has the prior consent from the Management Company.

34.67 Expenses of the Fund!
In relation o this section,
— Intl Expenses: those ted in section 6ofthe Securities Note.

— Ordinary Expenses of he Fund are any necessary expenses for ls normal operation,
Which are accrued or that might be accrued in the future, including, without
limitations, the periodical fees of he Management Company mentioned in section
3.1 ofthe Adáitional Building Block (including those accrued by any replacements
thereof), the fee of the Paying Agent, the Servicing Feo, the fees of the BackUp
Servicer and any other cost related to any claim on court or out-of.court of the
Loans or their foreclosure the maintenance and administration of any repossessed
property by the Fund, the Rating Agencias fees for monitoring and maintaining the
rating ofthe Rated Notes, the expenses derived from the book entry registry of the
Notas for the representation thereof as book-entres, the annual accounts auditing
expenses, expenses derived from the amortisation of the Notes and the expenses
derived from the advertising and notifications related to the Fund and/or the Notes,
expenses derlved from the European Data Warehouse platform, the expenses
derived from supemiion and inspection by the CNMV, expenses derived from
Personal Data Register updating, expenses derived from the renewal of the LE code
and the expenses derived from obtaining electronic certificates for the Fund. For the
fist year, ordinary expenses are estimated at Euros 434,000 approximately. Given
that Ordinary Expenses include variable components, ts not possible to establish
constant estimate of tho percentage they wil represent of the Outstanding Balance
Of the Receivables.

ss


il) cajamar

— Extracrdinary Expenses are the expenses related to the liquidation of the Fund,
expenses derived from the preparation and formalistion of any amendment of the
Deed of Incorporation and the other Transaction Documents, as well as the
execution of any new agreements to be entered into by the Fund, the necessary
expenses to intite the foreclosure of the Loans and those derived from any
required recovery actions, extraordimary audit expenses, legal ace and, generally,
any other extraordinary expense bone by the Fund or by the Management
Company, as its representative

“he Fund's expenses will be paid on the relevant Payment Dates, when they become due and
payable, except for those that must be paid on a date cther than a Payment Date due to the
mature thereof, always in accordance with the Priority of Payments, and from any of the Fund's|

3.47. Other agreements relevant to the payment of interest and principal to the investors
3.4.7.1. Paying agency agreement

“he financial service of the Notes issued will be attended through Santander. On the Date of
Incorporation, the Management Company, in representation and on behalf of the Fund wil enter
with Santander into an agency and financial services agreement (the “Agency and Financial
Services Agreement”)

“The obligations that the Paying Agent wil assume under this Agreement are summarised in
section 5.22) ofthe Securities Note,

“The Agency and Financial Services Agreement wil be terminated in the event that the Rating
Agencias do not confirm the provisional ratings assigned to the Rated Notes prior to or during the
Disbursement Date, or in the event of the occurrence before the Disbursement Date of an
unforeseeable event, or if foreseen that is unavoidabl, that prevents the performance o the
Agency and Financial Services Agreement

As consideration for the services to be provided by the Paying Agent, the Management Company,
for and on behalf of the Fund, shal pay an annual fee agreed under the Agency and Financial
Services Agreement following the Priority of Payments or, where applicable, the Liquidation
Priority of Payments described in sections 3.63 and 3.4.5.4 ofthe Additional Building Block.

“The Paying Agent may subcontract or delegate to third parties with acknowiedged solvency
capacity, any of the duties entrusted under the Agency and Financial Services Agreement,
provided that () it is legally possible, (1) there is prior written consent from the Management
Company on behalf of the Fund, unless a company of the Santander Group is subcontracted ii)
the rating assigned to the Rated Notes are not adversey affected, and (v) the subcontractor or
delegate has waived the right o bring any action claiming labllty against the Fund, The Paying.
Agent may cancel such subcontracts or delegations on the same terms.

In any event, said subcontracting or delegation may not ental any extra costs or expenses fr the.
Fund or the Management Company, which wil not assume any additional líabiity as a result of
such subcontracting or delegaton.

Any subcontracting or delegation shall be notified to the CNMV and ts prior consent must be
obtained, iflegall required

Moreover, the Paying Agent is entitled to renounce to its duties under the Agency and Financial
Services Agreement if notified at least two (2) months in advance, provided that () another
Financial institution complying with the minimum rating citeía required under the Agency and!
Financial Services Agreement agrees to substitute the Paying Agent and has efectvely assumed!
the duties of the Paying Agent; litis notified to CNMV and the Rating Agencies; (i) and the.
ratings assigned to the Rated Notes are not adversely affected,

16


iii) cajamar

Lkewise, the Management Company wil e entitled to voluntarily replace the Paying Agent in ts
duties under the Agency and Financial Services Agreement, provided that () the third financial
instítution complies with the minimum rating citria required under the Agency and Financial
Services Agreement, () a least one (1) year has elapsed since the execution of the Agency and!
Financial Services Agreement; (li) the replacement is allowed by applicable law, and (iv) any
required approvals from the competent authorities have been obtained. Notice of the
replacement wil be provided to the CNMV and to the Rating Agencies.

"Without prejudice to the above, the Management Company wil be enttied to replace the Paying
Agentin al or some of ts duties under the Agency and Financial Services Agreement at any given
time, provided that the replacement is allowed by applicable law and any required approvals from
the competent authorities have been obtained. This replacement sha be motivated by major
reasons which could negatvely affet the interests of the Noteholders. Notice of the replacement.
úl be provided to the CNMV andlto the Rating Agencies.

DOS rating eteria

1. The Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, shall apply he provision of the Legal

rieria for European Structured Finance Transactions document published by DBRS on.

September 2018, The Paying Agent must have a rating f at least the higher of) rating

ne notch lower the long term Critical Oblgations Rating (“COR or (1) long term senior
úunsecured debt "A" according to DERS Rating

Notwithstanding Fitch Criteria below, in the event that the Paying Agent loses the

minimum required hrein or any o the ratings are withdrawn, the Management Company.

must with prior notice to the Rating Agencies and within 2 maximum period of hirty (30)

calendar days from the date on which this stuation arises, adopt one of the options

described below o alow an appropriate level of guarantee to be maintained with respect
tothe commitmentsrelatng to the Agency and Financial Services Agreement:

(0 Obtainan unconditional and irevecable guarantee on fist demand from one or
more enttis with rating of at least the higher of; () a rating one notch lower
the long term COR or ong term senior unsecured debt “A” according to DBRS.
Rating, securing, upon request of the Management Company, the undertaings
assumed by the Paying Agent

(6). ReplacethePaying Agent with an entity having a rating oa least the higher of (1)
a rating one noteh lower the long term COR or (i) long term senior unsecured!
ebt “A” according to DBRS Rating, in oder for the new entity to assume, under
the same conditions, the duties of the affected Paying Agent as estabshed in ts
respective agreement

4. DBRS Rating for the Paying Agent wil be the higher of the ratings described below (which, in
any case, should be of at least “A”)

(0 a rating one notch below the instituion's long-term Critical Obligations Rating.
(COR) in case the Paying Agenoy to replace it has a COR, and!

(6). DBRSRatingfor the longerm senior unsecured debt rating of the Paying Ageney
to replace
ICH rating criteria

1. The Paying Agent must have a minimum deposit rating oa least “A” in the long term or
FX" in the short term (or Issuer Default Rating if deposit rating is not avalble) securing
according to Fiteh Ctra.

17


35.

iii) cajamar

Notwithstanding Criteria DBRS above, in the event that the Paying Agent loses the
minimum rating required herein o any of the ratings are wihdrawn, the Management.

Company must, with prior notice to the Rating Agencies and within a maximum period!
af thirty (30) calendar days from the date on which such situation aises, adopt ane of
the options described below to allow an appropriate level of guarantee to be
maintsined with respect to the commitments deriving from the Agency and Financial
Services Agreement
1. obtain an uncondiional and irrevocable guarantee on frst demand from one or
more entitis with a minimum Fitch deposit rating of at least “A” in the long term
Vr "FX" intne short term (or lsuer Default Rating deposit rating isnot available)
securing, upon request of the Management Company, the timely performance by
the Paying Agent

il replace the Paying Agent with an entity having an Fitch deposit rating f at least
“A in the long term or “EZ” in the short term (or lssuer Default Rating if deposit
ratingis not available) securing, in order for the new entity to assume, under the
same conditions, the duties of the affected Paying Agent as established in ts
respective agreement.

AI costs, expenses and taxes incurred by the implementation and execution of the above options
related to DBRS and fics cren wil e considered Extraordinary Expenses of the Fund,

“The Paying Agent will notiy the Management Company of any los or suspension of rating by the
Rating Agencies that might afect its compromises established in the Agency and Financial
Services Agreement.

Name, address and significant business activitics of the Originator

Cajamar s the Originator of the Recelvables. Cajamar is the result of the merger of Caja Rural de
“Almería and Coja Rural de Mólago in 2000; Caja Rural del Duero was also merged in December
2007, Cojo fural de Baleares in December 2030 and Cojocampo in March 2013.

On 23 June 2008, Cajamar, Cojo Campo, Calva Albalat ond Caja Rural de Casinos became Grupo,
Cooperativo Cajamar, the frst institutional protection scheme (Sistema Institucional. de
Protección, SIP) created in Spaín.

On 17 January 2012, Cajamar and Ruralojo approved the merger into a new entity denominated!
Cajas Rurales Unidos trat would in turn become the union of Grupo Cooperativo Cajamar and!
Grupo CRM; the new Group comprised 22 entities, 1,421 branches and 6,347 employees,
representing 50% o the credit cooperatives (cooperativas de crédito) segment.

At the end of 2012, Caixa Rural de Vilreal and Caixa Sant Vicent de La Vall 'Uixó also merged
th Cajas Rurales Unidas and in June 2013, Crec Valencia, Caja Rural de Casinos and Caja Rural
dle Canarias approved the merger in their respective shareholder meetings

Cajamar corporate information can be found in section 5.2 of the Registration Document.

Cajamar main activities are typical of the banking sector, pursuant to the specific nature of
banking institution and current legisiation. This bascaly includes the following activities:

(0 Obtaining funding (through, among others, current accounts, issue of securiies,
etc)

li). Financing activities, mainy hrough personal loans, mortgage loans, credit accounts,
dliscounting, ete.

il provision of services such as credit and debit cards, payment systems for retail
establihments, direc debiting, ete.

se


cajamar

The relevant individual data for Cajamar as of 31 December 2016, 31 December 2017 and 30 June
2018 ls shown below. This information has been prepared in accordance with the International
Financial Reporting Standards Rules, which apply pursuant to Regulation EC 1606/2002 and Bank of
Spain Cirular 5/2008. This information, except the referred to the 30 June 2018, has been audited

aos o peso
rc mesi a

o
cn ca

nn Ce Coco

19



a Ta
a 2 cy
e

10



iii) cajamar

E na En
OSO Y CORE URA NOM Ve

3.5. Return onand/orrepayment ofthe security slnked to others which are not Recelvables of the
tesuer.

Not applicable.

37. LosnServicer calculation agent or equivalent
3.1. Management, servicing and representation of the Fund and the security holders
The Fund shall be established by INTERMONEY TITULIZACION, as lts Management Company
authorised for such purposes, and as a consequence, for ls administration and legal
representation, pursuant to Law 5/2015.

“The Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, will carry out the functions specified by Law
5/201 to which it will be legally bound (specifial those included in article 26)

“The Management Company, as third party manager, will represent and protect the interests of
the Noteholders and other financial crecitors of the Fund. As a consequence, it will subordinate.
its actions to this objective and always in accordance with curentlegstatio,

“The Noteholders and the Fund'screditors wil have no action against the Management Company
except in breach of ts duties under the Deed of Incorporation and this Prospectus and the.
applicable laws and regulations.

3.7.1. Administration and representation of the Fund
The obligations and actions of the Management Company to comply with lts duties of

management and legal representation of the Fund, by way of example only and without
prejudice to other duties, are the following:

(0 ManagetteFundin such a way that lts assets ae nl_at any given time.

(6). Cary out the accounting of the Fund, duly separate from the Management
Company' own accounting, and comply with the tax obligations or any other legal
úbligations to be met by the Fund,

(Verify that the amounts recelved by the Fund are consistent with the sums due:
pursuant to the information provided by the Originator and the Loan Servier in
relation to the Loan Agreements from which such Recelvabls derive. If necessary,
it must take actions in and out of court that are necessary or appropriate protect
the rights of the Fund and of the Noteholders and other financial creditors of the.
Fund.

(1) Apply the Avalable Funde to pay its obligaions, in accordance with the Deed of
Incorporation and this Prospectus.

(41 Extend, amendor modify the agreements signed by the Fund to allow the operation
of the Fund according to the Deed of Incorporation, this Prospectus and applicable
legal provisions, provided that approval ls obtained from the relevant authorities,


iii) cajamar

the Rating Agencies are notífied, and there is no harm to the interests of the
Noteholders and the other financia creditors of the Fund or negative efect on the
rating ofthe Rated Notes assigned by the Rating Agencies.

(vil Replace any counterparty under the Transaction Documents, following the terms.
established in the Deed of Incorporation and this Prospectus, in accordance with
applicable legal provisions, once the necessary approvals have been obtained and!
any required notice is provided o the Rating Agencies

(vi), Make the decision to liquidate the Fund in accordance with the applicable laws and!
regulations and subjec to the provisions of the Deed of Incorporation;

(vi), 1£the Loan Senvicer is in breach of any of lts obligations under the Loan Servcing
Agreement, to take the appropriate measures to ensure the proper servcing
thereof, without prejudice to the obligations of the Management Company
pursuant to the Loan Servicing Agreement and to the obligations and
responsibiiies of the Management Company pursuant to Art26.1) and 304 of
Act 5/2015.

(9) Provide appropriate instructions to the Paying Agent in relation to the Treasury
Account

(9) struct the Paying Agent on the payments to be made to the Noteholders and to
any other entities to which payments should be made.

) Determine and make payments of pricipal and interest from the Subordinated!
Loan fo initial Expenses.

(xi), Designate and replace the auditor, 1 necessary, with the prior approval of the
CNN, f required,

(xi) Prepare and forward the information reasonably requested by the Rating Agencies,
the CNMV or ather supervisory body.

(xi) Prepare and submit to the relevant authoriis ll the documents and information.
required in accordance with CNMV rules and prepare and forward to the
Noteholder the legal required information

bo) Make appropriate decisions related to the Fund's iquidation, including the decision
on Early Liquidation of the Fund and acceleration of the Notes. Also make:
appropriate decisions in the event of the cancellation of the Funds incorporatian

(Determine th principal and interest payableto the Notes on each Payment Date.

(evi) Provide to the Noteholders, the CNMV and the Rating Agencies any information
“and notices provided by applicable aw.

The Management Company must make all necessary documentation and information.
avallbleto the publi in accordance with the Deed of Incorporation and this Prospectus.

3.7.1.2. Resignation and replacement ofthe Management Company

The Management Company vil be replaced in the management and legal representation
of the Fund in accordance with articles 22 and 33 of Law 5/2015 as set out below and in
accordance with subsequent leal provision that may be established,

Inthe case ofresignation of the Management Company

(0 The Management Company may resign from its function when it so deems

appropriate, provided that in such case t wil request its replacement through a
written request to the CNMV, which shall reflect the appolntment of the


iii) cajamar

replacement management company. This request will include the confirmation
from the new management company declarng it intention to accept such function
“and requesting the relevant approval

(i) Under no circumstance may the Management Company resign from duties unless
al requirements and formales have been complied with in order fort substitute
o assume ts duties.

(li) The Management Company will pay all expenses resuling from the replacement,
'whichin no case maybe attibutabl to the Fund.

(v) The replacement must be published within period of 5 calendar days in two (2)
national newspapers and in the bulletin of the organised secondary market on
which the Notes issued by the Fund are traded, The Management Company must
also give notice ofthe replacement to the Rating Agencies.

Inte case of replacement

(0 In the event trat the Management Company is declared bankrupt pursuant to
article 23 of Law 5/2015 or the authorisation thereo! granted under article 27 of
said lawisrevoked, it must find a management company to replace it in accordance
with the procedure established inthe previous paragraph.

(1) Inthecase provided forinthe preceding paragraph, four (4) months have elapsed!
from the date of the event forcing the replacement and no new management.
company for the Fund wiling to take over the management has been found, that
will constitute an event of Early Liquidation of the Fund and repayment of the.
Notes issued thereby.

The Management Company undertakes to execute all public and private documents
required or íts replacement by the other management company in accordance with rules
set forh in the paragraphs preceding this section The replacement management.
company must be subrogated in the rights and obligations of the Management Company
in relation to the Deed of Incorporation and this Prospectus. Furthermore, the
Management Company must deller to the replacement management company all
documents and accounting and electronic records that it hold in relation to the Fund,

37.13. Subcontracting

The Management Company is authorised to subcontract ar delegate to wellknown and!
established third parties any of the services of management and legal representation of
the Fund in accordance with the Deed of Incorporation and this Prospectus, provided that
the subcontractor or delegate has walved lt right to bring any action for ability against
the Fund. In any event, this subcontracting or delegation of any service (1) may not entail
any additional cost or expense for the Fund, () must be legaly possible, () may not
negativey affect the ratings assigned to the Rated Notes by the Rating Agencies, and iv]
will be notified to the CNMV, the prior approval of which must be obtained fl legally
required. Notuitstanding any subcontract or delegatin, the Management Company will
not be exonerated or released from any of th responsbilties assumed under the Deed of
Incorporation or the Prospectus and that are legally attributable thereto or enforceable
againsti

3.7.1. Remuneration o the Management Company

The Management Company will recelve an initial feo, and on each Payment Date,
beginning on the First Payment Date, a periodica fee accrued daily and equal to a fixed
“amount and a variable amount calculated based on the Outstanding Principal Balance of


iii) cajamar

the Notes on the immediately prior Payment Date. This fee is gross and includes any
fret or indiret tax or withholding to which t might be subject,

The Fund will pay all reasonable expenses (inlding any indirect taxes thereon) incurred!
by the Management Company in relation to the taking o al legal and out-ofcourt actions
necessary to best defend the rights of the Noteholders and other financial reditors of the
Fan,

Inte event of the replacement ofthe Management Company pursuant to section 3.12
fthe Additional Building Block, the payments mentioned in this section may be modified
as a result ofthe choice ofthe new management company subject to the prior agreement.
wit te Originator on the new conditions

3.7.15.Meeting of Creditors

Porsuant to th provisions of Article 26 of Law 5/2015, the Management Company wil at
wit utmostdligence an transparency in defence o he best interests of the Noteholders
and financial creditors of the Fun,

Aditionaly, the Meeting o Credtor wil be established upon and by vtue of the Deed of
Incorporatian aná wil remain in force and in effect unti repayment of the Notes in full or
ancellation of the Fund. The proviionsrelatin to the Meeting of recitors are contained!
inthe Rules.

The Rules ofthe Meeting of Creditors are included in section 4.11 fthe Securitias Note.
3.2. Servcing and custody ofthe Loans.

The assets of the Fund are comprised of Recelvables derived from Mortgage Loans and Non-
Mortgage Loans.

Pursuant to section 3.31 of the Additional Building Block, Recelvables derived from Mortgage.
Loans will e assigned by means of the Fund's subscription of the Mortgage Transfer Certificates
issued by Cajamar, Pursuant to article 26.3 of Royal Decree 716/2005, Cajamar wil retain the
senvicing and custody of the Mortgage Loans from which the Recemables acquired by the Fund!
derive.

Pursuant to article 26.1.) of Law 5/2015, the Management Company is entrusted with the
servicing of the Non-Mortgage Loans from which the Recelvables acquired by the Fund derive,
although t vil delegate such obligtionto the Loan Servier.

In this regard, for purposes of the serdicing and management activi for the Loans (both
Mortgage and Non-Mortgage), the Management Company vil sign the Loan Sevicing Agreement.
with Cajamar. The Loan Servicer will assume the relevant commitments to the Management
Company and the Fund untilthe total cancellaion of the Loans or until the Fund s cancele or
liquidated, a applicable, and wíl take al actions required to ensure the effectiveness and success
ofthe Loans upon the terms setforthin the Loan Servicing Agreement and as summarised below.
“The Loan Servier wll accept the mandate and undertakes to service, manage and hold in custody
the Non Mortgage Loans, and to service, manage and hold in custody the Mortgage Loans
pursuant to the terms set forth in the Servicing Agreement and which are summarsed in this
section 3.7.2, and, if applicabl, will comply with the Management Company's instructions in
relation thereto. The Loan Servicer undertakes to indemmify the Management Company and the.
Fund or any breach fis obligations assumed in the Servicing Agreement,

“The Loan Servicer may take any necessary or appropriate action within thelimitations set forth in
this section and the Deed of Incorporaton.


iii) cajamar

To the extent allowed by applicable law, the mandate to the Loan Servicer may be revoked ¡fthe
Management Company becomes aware of any breach by the Loan Service of the obligations set
outin the Fund's Deed of Incorgoraton, in the Loan Servicing Agreement or in the Prospectus or
the occurrence of events that, in ts opinion, entalharm or risk to the Fund's financial structure or
the rights and interests of the Noteholders including among others, declarations of insolvency,
intervention by the Bank of Spain or the liqidation of the Loan Servicer or a winding up or
resolution procedure under the terms established in Law 21/2015. 1f permitted by applicable law,
the Management Company may (1) replace the Loan Service, ori) ask the Loan Servicer to
subcontract or delegate the performance of said duties to a person that, in the opinion of the.
Management Company, has sufiient technical ability to perform them, or) replace the Loan
Servier by the Back Up Servier in accordance with the Back Up Servicing Agreement, provided!
that the Rating Agencies are notified and this does not adversely afec the ratng given thereby to
the Rated Notes. AlLof the above is without prejudice to arte 26.1.) and article 30.4 of Law
5/2015 in relation to the Management Companys servicing and management of the Fund's|
assets. The replacement of the Loan Servicer wil take place in accordance with the terms and!
conditions provided under the Deed of Incorporation, the Loan Serving Agreement and the
Back Up Servcing Agreement, which are mainly described in section 3.7.2.3 of the Adgitional
Building Block

“The Loan Servicer will pay all diret or indirect taxes, withiholdings or expenses derived, incurred
rthat it subject to or that lt has to app o the custody and serving and management of the.
Loans from which the Receivables asigned to the Fund derive, without prejudice to ts right to e
roimbursed by the Debtors orthe Fund.

In consideration of the custody,servicing and collection management of the Loans from which th
Recemables derive, the Loan Servicer wil receme a fee, to be accrued daily and paid on each.
Payment Date, of 0.15% of the annual Outstanding Balance of the Recevables on the
immediately preceding Payment Date. This fee wil be understood as  gross fee, 1, including
any direct or indirect tax or withihoding to which t might be subject, The fee wil be paid by the
Fund in accordance with th Priority of Payments and the Liquidation Priority o Payment set fort
in sections 2.453 and 3.4.6 of the Additional Building Block.

3.12. General undertakings ofthe Loan Servicer
“The Loan Senvcer undertakes to carry out the following, by way of example and not limitation:

(0 Undertake any actions necessary to guarantee the success of the Loans and the Receivables
arsingtherefrom, whether in court or outof court

(i) Undertake any actions necessary to maintain o enforce the guarantees and obligations of
the Loans from which the Recemables derive.

(ii) Take into consideration the rights ofthe Noteholders in their relation with the Debtors and
inte exercise of any discretional power dervin from the implementation of the services
set out in the Loan Serviing Agreement, the Deed of Incorporation and in his Prospectus.

(iv). Comply with allthe reasonable requests made by the Management Company in accordance
viththe Loan Servicing Agreement, the Deed o Incorgoration and this Prospectus

(4). Carry outallactions required to maintain infllforce the licenses, approvals, authorisations
and consents that might be necessary or appropriate in relation to the performance of its

(4) Have available the equipment and personnel suffiient to carry out alt obligations

“The Loan Servicr wll not be responsible for the debts of the Management Company or the Fund,
related to the Notes, of the obligations of any Debtor under any Loan, without prejudice to the


iii) cajamar

responsbiities assumed thereby in the Deed of Incorporation as Originator of the Receivables
acquired by the Fund,

Specifically, the Loan Service is not responsible for any loss, abit, iaim or expense that the
Fund has experienced or incurred by the Management Company or by the Fund as result of the.
servicing, unless such lsses,Nibitias, claims, expenses or damages are the result of neglgence:
ora breach by the Loan Servcer or any breach thereby of ts obligtions, n which case the Loan.
Service will be require to indemniy the Fund or the Management Company for the damages.
and losses sufered (and proven) a a result of such negligence or breach,

In any event, the Fund, through the Management Company, wil be entitled to all egal actions to
vuhich it is entied against the Loan Servicr in case of a breach of its obligtions Under the
agreements signed with the Management Company.

“he Loan Semvicerassumes the obligtionto indemmify the Fund or ts Management Company for
any damage, los or expense they may have incurred as a result of the Loan Servicer' breach of
its servicing, management and information obligations in relation to the Loans from which th
Recemables assigned to the Fund derive, and for the custody of the documents in which they are
formalised

Neither the Noteholders nor any other crecitor of the Fund will be entitled to bring action against
the Loan Service, as only the Management Company, as representative of the Fund owning the
Receiables, vil have the right to said action.

3..22.Servicing ofthe Loans
37221 General

“The Loan Servicer wil dedicate the same amount of time and attention and use the same level of
expertie, care, dgence and available means when servicing the Loans as it would dedicate and!
exercise when Servicing other loans with similar characteristics to the Loans and which recevables
have not been assigned to the Fund and, in any event, will exercise a reasonable level of
expertiso, care and diligence in the provision o the services

“The Loan Servicer is authorised to modify the Loan servicing criteria described in the Deed of
Incorporation and the Loan Servicing Agreement (hereon, “Servicing Criteria) provided such
modifications are legaly permitted, do not impair the servici ol the Loans, the Management.
Company aná the Rating Agencies are notified and the rating of the Rated Notes is not adversely
affected in any way, altematively, the Servicing Criteia may be modified provided that
Noteholders and other credtors of the Fund have given explicit consent to such modifications
through an agreement of the Meeting of Creditos in accordance with section 4.11 of the
Securities Note.

Specifically, the Loan Servicer wil engage inthe activities described below, among others:

(0 Service and manage the Loans from which the Receivables derive in accordance with it
current Servicing Criteria and the service quality standards and good commercial practices
applied for the servicing ofits own loans, dedicting the same time and atention and leve!
fcare, diligence and means as those it would apply when sevicng its xn loans

() > Maintai al the public deeds (escrituras), agreements, documents and le related to the
Loans that it services and any other Ancilary Rights, as well as any documents relevant
thereto, under safe custody, and to no abandon the possession,custady ar control thereof
without the prior written consent of the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund,
unless (1) itis in favour of subcontractor or delegate appointed in accordance with the
provision of the Loan Servicing Agreement and provided it is permitted by any aplicable
Tau, or (1) t is necessary to allow the Loan Servicer to commence proceedings for the

enforcement thereof

16


iii) cajamar

(ii) Carey ut the relevant actions in accordance with the Servicing Criteria and the service
quality standards and good commercial practices applied for the servicing of ts own loans,
to ensure that al payments due by the Debtors or third partis, such as guarantors or
insurance companies, pursuant to the Loan Agreements or any other Ancilary Rights, are
colleted, in accordance with the terms and conditions of their agreements, on the
appropriate dates, with the Loan Servicer being required o take any action necessary for
the efectlvenes and correct performance ofthe Recelvables arisng from the Loans,

Notwithstanding the foregoing, f the Management Company considers it necessary for the best
protection of the interests of the Noteholders, and, in any case, upon occurrence of a Loan
Servier replacement event, in the event of declaraton of insolveney of the Originator, of the
Loan Servicr, orin case of revecation of any o heirauthorisations to operates a credit entity in
Spsin or if ny of them is afected by a resolution process under the terms established ín Law
13/2015, t val, among other thing, instruct the Loan Servicer to notify each Debtor and any
insurance companies and guarantors of the assignment of the Recelvables to the Fund and!
instruct them to pay the amounts directly into the Treasury Account or into the account
established for such purposes as defined in section 3.4.6 and 3.6 of the Additional Building.
Block.

+ Actionstobetakenin case of default

In the event payments default by the Debtors, the Loan Servicer will take the actions and!
measures that it would normally take if t continued to own the Receivables in accordance with
the Serving Criteria and good banking practices and, provided that the exercise of such
¿iscretional powers does not negatwely affect the management of the Fund or the rating assigned!
to the Rated Notes by the Rating Agencies. Any legal action that reasonable may be considered!
necessary by the Loan Servicer in order to claim and collect the amounts due from the Debtors
are also included in this mandate.

For such purposes, the Loan Servicer shall carr out any legal action that t considers necessary in
order to claim and collect the amounts due by the Debtors

“The Loan Servicer must advance any expenses necessary to carry Gut these actions, without
prejudice to it right to be reimbursed by the Debtors or by the Fund. This includes all legal
actions that the Loan Servicer consders necessary to calm and collect the amounts owed by the.
Debltors

“The Loan Service will monitor the Loans in strict accordance with the rules set out in Bank of
Spain Circular 6/2008 or the regulations that replace it from time to time, n Such a way that
oubtful risks deriing from customer arrears are handied automaticaly and doubríul risks
¿erivng from other reasons other than customer arrears are processed manual

Set forth below is a description of the monitoring and contol procedures that Cajamar, as Loan.
Servier, wll apply pursuant to the Loan Servicing Agreement to be executed on the Date of
Incorporation
= Cajamar Control General Management is responsible for the control of the appropriate
segmentation, internal rating, accounting lasification and hedging of credit exposure in
aditionto the identification and special monitoring o the debtors that should e classified
as sub standard risk.
— The Debt Recovery Ares is responsible or non compliance management, The objective ist.

identiy defaults, understand the reasons and assess the best amicable solution possible,
resolving the situation in the shortest possible time,

The main controlsto be implemented, among other policies, arethe following:


iii) cajamar

3) Information, tracking and control of the Loan repayments due the following mont
This tracking alms to identify and control the loan repayments coming due the
following month. Its implemented using the information provided by the branches.
about the cutivok for payment of their Loans and, from then on, they are
appropriately tracked until they are paid. This action is current applied to
repayments in exces of 150,000 Euros,

b)_ Information, tracking and contro of overdrafts and overimits Tracking and a weekdy
cantral of the overérafts and over limits for transactions in excess of 60,000 Euros.
that are more than 15 days old. Branches report the expected date for the
regularsaton of transaction ín this situation, and the tracking begins from that
moment until regularisation thereot.

e) Control of repayments more than 15 days past due. Carried cut weeky, for
outstanding repayments in escess of 60,000 Euros

d) Information, tracking and control of the monthly projecton of arrears. At the
beginning of each month, Debtors that would be in arrear a the end of the month f
they did not regularise the outstanding payment are tracked, Information is
requested from the branches regarding regularisation estimates.

e) If the default is not regularised in an amicable way, recovery via the courts
commences. From the 120” day of default the file is automatically assigned to a
«company that manages these situations (LAFORMATA SERVICIOS Y GESTIONES, S.L,
under the trade name HAYA). From then onwards, the legal recovery actions begin
¡once there ha been an analysis of solvency, guarantees and document management.
of the file, The Loan Server may decide to asigna file to HAYA before the 120 days
of default. in the event of insolvency of the Debtor, HAYA may assign the fle to
another external recovery company.

— Tracking defaulted Loans. The main actions carried out, among other policies, are the
folowing:
9 Information, tractáng and control of the Loans due. Performed based on
the aging ofthe default of each Debtor:

“ranche 1: matured Loans that at the end of the current month are more!
than 30 days in arrears with an Outstanding Balance >= 6,000 Euros

“ranche 2: matured Loans that at the end of the current month are more.
than SO days in arrears with an Outstanding Balance >=6,000 Euros.

“ranche 3: matured Loans that at the end of the current month are more.
than 90 days in arrears and wil become "doubtfa” with an Outstanding
Balance >=6000 Euros.

2 Management begins at the branch, where the reports requested are
completed in the application for managing Irregular Assets (GIREC) in
coordination with Risk Managers and Area Directors of the Territorial
Offices.

9 This report includes the credit policy o be followed with such Debtors,
reporting on the possibilities and estimated dates of regularsatio, Such
Area Directors of the Territorial Offices then begin the tracking and
control of the Debtors that are considered a concern

9 Inaddition, an automated process takes place dalyinwhich the following
Default Alert are issued:


iii) cajamar

+ Default Alet G days after each Unpaid instalment = to the Loan
holders

+ Default Alert 40 days after the fist unpaid instalment — to the Loan
holders/Loan co-holders and guarantors under the relevant Loan

= Default Alert repeat GO days after the first unpaid instalment = to

the Loan holders/Loan co-holders and guarantors under the
relevant Loan.

6 Cajamarhas also established similar criteria for credits, factoring, leasing,
guarantees, confrming and credit cards. As none of these are included in
the Preliminary Portfolio, such criteria are not included in the current
description f tracking processes.

= Information, tracking and control transaction in arears, ies past due for over 120 days,
are entrusted pre Itigation and Itigation to HAYA. Cajamar tracks and controls HAYA
management and issues the relevant instructions

— Use ofrecovery companies. Since the Pre-Litigation and Litigation Management Service was.
utsourced in 2014, HAYA selets the external company to which to entrust the recovery
files. The external companies working with HAYA are currently ESCO, LINDORFE, GESIF and
MAS, The first three work ata national level and the last one ony in Almería. Cajamar sets
the criteria for these companies, establihing as a general criteria the following for
transactions that do not exceed 60,000 Euros of exposure, regardles of their solvency,
unless any ofthe participants in the arrears risk management beleves that court claim is
necessary. n addition, it also entrust those Loans in which the solvency study caried out by
HAYA identifies that he chances o recovery through the courts are few or non-exstent

Court actions

“The Loan Servicr ls responsible to cary out the appropriate incourt and out-ofcourt actions
against Debtors that are in breach of their payment obligations under any Loan Agreement from
uhich the Recelvables assigned to the Fund derive. Such actions must follow legal enforcement
procedures set out in arte 517 et seg. ofthe Civil Procedure Act or the corresponding summary
praceeding [procedimiento declarativo). this is not possible the Loan Servicer will initste the
appropriate incourt or out-of-court procedures. pecificaly, the Loan Servier undertakes o:

(carry out any in-court or out-ofcourt action of the Fund against the Debt, in ts own.
name and on behalf of the Management Company, as the Fund' legal representative;
aná

(i), carry out any necessary or approprite acts for the ful efectivenes of such actions

Furhermore, the Management Company, in the name and behalf of the Fund, may also
participate with the same rights as the Loan Sevicer in any incourt or outofcourt claim.
(summary ar enforcement) commenced thereby to lsim any amounts due.

For purposes of the foregoing and the provisions o article 581.2 and article 686.2 of the Cuil
Procedure Act, and when necessary, the Management Company, by virtue of the Deed of
Incorporation, wi give a power-ofattorney to the Loan Servicer as broad and as suffcent as
required by law in order for the Loan Servicer, acting tough any of lts authorised
representatives with sufient powers for such purposes, may, in the name and on behalf of the.
Fund use any n-court or out.of-court means to claim the payment of any amounts due under the.
Loans andto exercise any actions and other powers required for the exercise of it dutes s Loan.
Server. These powers may be expanded or modified through another public deed ifnecessary.

19


iii) cajamar

In any event, and in relation to the Mortgage Loans, the Management Company, in the name of
the Fund, will be the one to exercise al the powers described in artice 31 of Royal Decres.
716/2005. Yo this end, the Loan Servicer authorises the Management Company to request, in the
ame ofthe Fund, the payment from the Debtors of the Mortgage Loans, al without prejudie to
all other facults corresponding to the Fund pursuant to the provisions of article 31 of Royal
Decree 726/2003,

In general, he Loan Servicer must cary out any appropriate legal claim (declarativo, enforcement.
or otherwise) in connection with the Recelvables if a Debtor is in breach of ts payment
obligations under the relevant Loan Agreement for a period of si (6) months (or the minimum
applicable legal term, if greater] and t neither resumes payments nor reaches an agreement it
the Loan Service, with the consent of the Management Company, or reaches a repayment plan
commitment from the Debtor satisactory to the interes of the Fund. In any event, the Loan.
Servicer must immediately proceed to intite the legal claim ¡the Management Company, on.
behalf of the Fund, and after an analysis of the specific circumstances of the case, s0 deems
appropriate.

1 six (6) months have elapsed from the oldest payment default or the minimum legal term
applicable, 'f greater), without the Debtor resuming its payments due under the relevant Loan
Agreement or without reaching an agreement with the Loan Servicer to restructure the debt of
any amounts due in such satsfactory manner that to the best opinion of the Loan Sevicr it
secures the interests of the Fund, the Loan Servicer has not commenced an enforcement,
declared or other procesding or repurchased the Receivable from the Fund pursuant to the:
provision of section 2.2. of the Additional Building Block without suffcient jutfcation, the
Management Company, in the name of the Fund, may instrut the Loan Servicer to proceed with
in-court or out court proceedings to claim all of the det, and in the absence of  suffiienty
usted reason not to proceed with the claim, may directly inte any proceedings vis: the
Debtor in accordance with artile 31 of Royal Deeree 716/2009, without prejudie to the liabilty
fte Loan Servicer that may arse in this case

In the event that the Loan Service halts  proceeding without suffcient reason, the Management.
Company, ín the name of the Fund, may continue with any action already taken by the Loan
Servier if so allowed and subjec to the applicable law. Specificaly, in relation to the Mortgage.
Transfer Certificates when insuffiienty just interrption by the Originator of any claim
against a delinquent Debtor, the Management Company (as Fund representative) may, 1
appropriate, subrogateto the position o the Loan Servicer and continue with the legal process.

In any event, the Management Company may, upon the terms provided by applicable law,
request as repayment ofits credit the awarding of the real estate property, movable property or
rights being repossessed rough any of the procedures intiated to demand the fulfiment of the.
obligations of the Debtors under the Loans from which the Recelvables assigned to the Fund!
derive.

Once in-court or out-ofcourt claim procedures have been commenced by the Loan Servicer
against the delinquent Debtor, the Loan Serdicer must protect the interests of the Fund under any
circumstanco, taking the actions that cause the least harm to the Fund in the course of such
procedures,

“The Loan Servicer undertakes to timely notify the Management Company any out-of.court claims
made against any Debtors. The Loan Senvcer also undertakes to report on 3 monthly bass the
status of allin-court or outof court actions commenced against the Debtors (from the filng of
the complain, request for enforcement, court request for payment, defences by the Debtor,
commencement of the recovery and conclusion of the process), as well as any other
«ircumstances that affect he collection of the amounts due and outstanding from the Loans from
vuhich the Recemables dere. Further, the Losn Servcer wil provide the Management Company


iii) cajamar

wit allthe documentation requested thereby in relation to the Loans and the Receivabls arising
therefrom, and in particular, the specific documentation necessary for the Management Company
to commence or continue, in each case, any in-court or out-ofcourt actions,

Specifcally, the Loan Service undertake to notify the Management Company of the places, dates
and conditions of the auctions of the real estate or movable property or rights within five days
following the notice of the court decision ordering the holding of the auction so that the
Management Company can adopt the measures it deems appropriate and instrct the Loan
Servicerin this regard sufiientl in advance.

“The Loan Servicer undertakes to attend the auctions, but shall follow the instructions from the
"Management Company, such thattwil only bi or request the award of the property in favour of
the Fund in strict compliance with the instructions received from the Management Company. In
the absence of instructions, the Loan Servier wil at, based on the specific circumstances of the
case, in the manner leer appropriate subject o identcal procedures for the other loans in ts
portício, and always acting in the best interests of the Fund, Notwithstanding the foregoing, the.
Management Company may at any time give specific instructions that dife from the foregolng,
procedures ofthe Loan Service,

In the event that real estate or movable property or rights of any kind are awarded to the Fund,
the Management Company wil sl, lease, dispose of or cash them as soon as possible under
market conditions.

“The duties ofthe Loan Servicer include the servicing of those properties while ouned by the Fund
and the conduction of sad sale, lease, disposal or cash. Specficaly, the Loan Servicer undertakes.
to apply to these properties the same messures and procedures lt apples to any repossessed!
property resulting from the foreclosure of loans equivalent to those being securitised, and to.
complle all documentation required for the sale, lease, disposal or cash (including court
documentation and any instrument of sale) and send t 10 the Management Company), and to,
coordinate the sale, lease, disposal or cash of the property or right with the publi notary
participating therein. Additional, and in relation to the properties awarded to the Fund as 3
consequence of the enforcement of the security securing the Loans, o va any other procedure,
the Loan Servicer undertakes to () find a real estate broker and take al action required to sell
the real property (the Loan Servicer does not have its own real estate or similar department
and (l) cary out all procedures that are necessary or appropriate with the Property Register in
relation to the sale of the real estate property. The Loan Servcer undertake to inform the
Management Company, in the monthly report together with the information related with the
Loans and the Recelvable, any detail regarding the properties repossessed by the Fund, relevant
administration events, bids to purchase any of such properties and relevant actions in process to
sell such properties

“The Loan Service will enjoy right o fist refusalto purchase the properties and right awarded
to the Fund for a period of ten (10) Business Days after the date on which the Management.
Company gives notice to the Loan Servicer of its ntention to transfer the property or right or, 1
applicable, from the date on which the Loan Servicer has agreed to sell the property or right to 2
third party. This right means that the Loan Sevicer may acquire the property or rights on the
same terms as vere offered by the relevant third party to the Management Company.

37222. Subrogations and modifications to the Loans

“The Loan Servicer will only be authorized to allow subrogations in the event that the credit
characteristics of the new debtor are similar to the existing Debtor and that thoy conform to th
criteria in section 22.7 of the Additional Building Block, provided that they do not in any way
negatvely affect the rating gluen to the Rated Notes by the Rating Agencies, nor do negatwely
affect the payments to the Fun, and are communicated o the Management Company and from


iii) cajamar

Adiitionall, the Loan Servicer is authorised on behalf of the Fund to agree with the Debtors
(upon Debtors request), on changes in the interes rates, final maturity and grace periods of the.
Loans in accordance with ts standard banking practices and provided that the conditions
established in this section are verified,

Any expenses aising from such subrogations or amendments shall be entirely paid by the Debtor
orthenew debtor, unless otherwise provided by law.

Interest Rate modifications

“he Loan Servicer must ensure when renegotiating the interest rate of the Losns that the new
conditions refect market interest rates and are not diferent from those the Loan Service s then.
appiying in the renegotiation or the granting of lts own fiaed or variable-ate nonsecuritised
loans. In any event the Loan Servicer may not turn fuedrate loans into floatingrate loans, unless
legally required.

In any event, the Loan Sericer may only amend loans in accordance with the following,
restrictions:

- Fisedrate Loans: on the Disbursement Date, the weighted average of the fixed-rate
Loans interest will be calculated, and the difference between that figure and the
welghted average rate of the Notes on that date will be calculated. The rate resulting
from the amendment minus the weighted average rate of the Notes on the amencment
date may not be less than 50% of the above difference calculated on the Disbursement
Date. Forte avoidance of doubt, fied-rate Loans includes also Fixed revisble Loans

-  Floatingsate Loans: the Loans that after an amendiment have a EURIBOR base rate may.
ot have a margin less than 1%.

Modifications to the final maturity

Pursuant to the proviions o the Loan Servicing Agreement, the Loan Servier may, on behalf of

the Fund, change the final maturty date o he Loans, provided that the new final matunty date

fthe Loan ls no more than 42 months prior to the Final Date (22 April 2037), thus no Loan could

mature ona date ltertan 22 October 2033.

Amount of the Loan

In no case wll the Loan Servicer be authorised to renegotiate on behalf of the Fund an increase in

the Outstanding Balance ofthe Recelvables related to the relevant Loans.

¡Grace periods

Pursuant to the Loan Servicing Agreement, the Loan Servicer wil be authorisedto renegotiate on
behalfofthe Fund principal grace periods ofup to 12 months on the Performing Recelvables. The
total amount of the sum of the Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables on the Date of
Incorporation that have been amended may not exceed 2% of the Outstanding Balance of the
Recemables on the Date of Incorporation

“he expenses arising from the modification of a Loan must be paid by the Originator or the
Debtor, andin no case wil be assumed by the Fund,

"The total amount of the Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables amended, as described above
(final redemption, interest rate and grace period) may not exceed 7,5% of the Intial Balance of
the Receivables on the Date of Incorporaion.


iii) cajamar

“The Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, can at any given time and throughout the life
of the Fund, cancel or suspend the Loan Servicers power to agree with the Debtor on the
modification of the Loans according to the above conditions, if such actions damage the interests
of the Fund and the Noteholders and might negatively afect the rating assgned to the Rated!
Notes by the Rating Agencies.

Amendments in the terms oa Loan Agreement wil not cause ay falure of the relevant Loan or
the relevant Receivable with the misrepresentationrepresentations and warranties provided by
the Originstor in section 228. of the Additional Building Block and ín the Deed of
Incorporation. In the event that, despite the above, the Recelvable ultmately assigned fal o
comply with such representations and warranties, the procedure described in section 22.3 of the
Adiétional Bllding Black related o the cure of any hidden defects wil apply.

Neither he Loan Servicer nor the Originator are authorised to modify Loan agreement conditions
beyond the lmitations defined above, a anytime during the life ofthe Fund. Upon the breach of
these limitaions, the Fund, through the Management Company, is entiled to (1) claim the
corresponding compensation for damages, and (1) request the replacement of or repurchase for
the afected Receivables all without prejudice to the provisions of the Loan Sevicing Agreement.
for bresch ofthe Loan Servicers obligations,

Pursuant to the provisions of article 4 of Royal Decree 716/2003, the Orginatr, in respect of the
Mortgage Loans t services, may not voluntarly cancel the mortgages related to the Mortgage.
Transfer Certficates without the consent of the Management Company for reasons other than
their payment, wave them or forgive in part orin fullthe relevant Mortgage Loan nor, in general,
take any action that decreases the rank, egal effectiveness or financial value o the mortgages or
the Mortgage Loans, except for the authorised modifications mentioned in this section. Along,
these lines the Originator may not grant additional mortgage loans with the same rank as the
mortgages securing the Mortgage Loans

“The Loan Services will properly notify the Management Company of the new terms of he Loans
resulting from any amendment of any Loan Agreements from which the Receivables assigned to.
the Fund derive. in turn, the Management Company wil notify the Rating Agencies ins regular
report of any changes to the asigned portflla in accordance with this section

Cajamar has adhered to the modifications of the Code of Good Practice passed by Law 1/2013 and!
modified by Law 25/2015 and Royal Decres-Act5/2017. Asa consequence, to the extent that the.
Management Company recognises and agrees that Cajamar has adhered to the modificatons of
such Code, the Fund may be affected by the measures established therein as they are aplicable
to the entire loan portfallo of Cajamar), which could result in longer enforcement proceedings
and the loss of value o he Mortgage Loans secured by a home,

"Madifcatons to the Loans from which the Recelvables assigned to the Fund derive regulted in
this section wil be included in the detalled report that the Loan Servicer shall deliver to the.
Management Company within the first fe (5) Business Days of each month, pursuant to the:
provisions of section 2.4.5 of the Adéltional Buiding Black.

Under no circumstance may the Loan Servicr decide to madify the terms of the Loan from which
the Recevables assigned to the Fund derive without the prior request from the Debtor. The Loan.
Service must always actn he best interests of the Fund in relation to modification.

Damage insurances ofthe properties mortgaged

“he Loan Servier shall not adopt nor shall fail to adopt any measure that may result in () the
cancelltion of any damage or fire insurance policy of the real estate properties mortgaged nor in
(a decrease in the amounts to be pad in case of any claim thereunder. he Loan Servicer shall
apply the due diligence and, in any case, exercise the rights provided under the insurance policies


iii) cajamar

3..23.Replacement of the Loan Servicer

“The Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, wil arange the duties f sericng the Loans
from which the Recelvables assigned to the Fund derive. The Management Company wil also
decide on the replacement of the entities responsible or such duties acting exclusively in the
best interest of the Noteholders and the creciors of the Fund. n any event, this replacement will
be subject o the limtations established by applicable ws

In consideration of the importance ofthe consequences that an impairment or inerruption of the.
senvicing of the Loans shall ave to the interests of the Noteholders and the creditors of the Fund,
the Loan Servicing Agreement, the Back-Up Serdicing Agreement and the Deed of Incorporation
govern the mechanisms for the monitoring and control thereof, as well as a procedure that seeks
to minimize the risk of inerruption of such services and the replacement of the Loan Servicer
hen applicable. These mechanisms are described below.

Commitments ofthe Management Company
The Management Company wil assume the following duties, among others:

+ Monitoring ofthe proper servicing of the Loans from which the Recelvables assigned to the
Fund derive. This shall be performed by the individual monthly control of the information
on each Loan ent by the Loan Service.

+ Making available suficient information necessary for the full exercise of all duties of
serving the Recelvables assigned to the Fund by the Management Company itself or by a
tir party other than the initial Loan Servicer. As regards personal data, this obigation s
subject to Organic Law 15/1999 of 13 December on the Protection of Personal Data or such
legal provision as replaces ít (the “Data Protection Act"), the regulations in further
implementation thereof, and Regulation (EU) 2016/673 of the European Parliament and of
the Council of27 Aprilon the protection o natural persons with regard to the processing of
personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directwe 95/46/EC
(tre “General Data Protection Regulation” and, together with the Data Protection Act and
rules in implementation thereoí, the Data Protection Rules”)

+ Obligation to have verified technical capacity to transer information regarding the Loans
from which th Receivabls assigned to the Fund derive o third parties with experience in
loan servicing functions

+ Promote, and if aplicable execute the replacement of the Loan Servicer under the terms
established inte Loan Sevicing Agreement, the Back Up Servicing Agreement, the Deed of
Incorporation and this Prospectus.

Commitments ofthe Loan Servicer

“The responsibilties assumed by the Loan Servicer in the Loan Servicing Agreement include the
following commitments:


iii) cajamar

+ Make available to the Management Company all the information related to the Loans from
vbich the Receivables assigned to the Fund derive allowing it o engage in the individual
monitoring and control of each of them. This information must be suficien to enable
experienced third partes to cary out the servicing of the Loans.

+ On the Date of Incorporation, the Loan Service, as assignor of the Receivables, wil have.
record of the personal data required to issue orders of collection to the relevant Debtors
(hereinafter, the “Personal Data Register” or “PDR”). The Loan Service wil communicate
this Personal Data Register to the Management Company with an encrpted fla, as
representative of the assignee of the Receivable, on the Date of Incorporation, and which.
Password wil be deposited with a Notary. The disclosure thereof is limited by the Data.
Protection Act.

+ The Loan Service also undertakes to annually update the information contained in the POR.
in January of each year and will provide the Management Company, upon ts request, with a
updated PDR, encrypted with the same password deposited with the Notary on the Date of
Incorporation.

+ In the event of the replacement of the Loan Servicer, to actvely collaborate with the
Management Company and the new Loan Service in the replacement process.

+ To execute al legal acts and contracts in which the Loan Servicer must participate for the
effective transfer of duties t the new servicer of the Loans.

+ Cajamar shall promply (but in any event within 5 Business Days) notify Finsolutia of a
downgrading of Cajamar by Ftch equal or under B+

Servicer Alert Events

“The Management Company, in ts work of monitoring and control of the Loans and of the
Recelvables assigned to the Fund, wil be in a position to detect the breach of the diigence level
required of the Loan Semicer and the potential occurrence of a Service Alert Event. The
Management Company will identify whether the nature of the deterioration in the servicing of
the Loans from which the Recelvables assigned to the Fund derive might gve rise to the need to,
replace the Loan Servicer. such need is confirmed, the Management Company will give notice of
this circumstance to:

+  TheLoanServiceritel.
+ The CNMV, assupervisorofthe Fund.

+ The European Central Bank, using the Simple Supervisory Mechanism (SS), as supenisor
fthe Loan Servicer

+ Thecreditors ofthe Fund, through a notice of Sigrificat Event (Hecho Relevante)
+ Theinsolvency administrator for the Loan Servicer, applicable.

+  Thefating Agencies.

+ The BacicUp Service.

A "Servir Alert Event” wil be: (1) the interruption of the low of regular information from the
Loan Servicer; and (i) 2 deterioration in the content thereof In any event and regardless of the
reasons that the Management Company finds give rise to the commencement of the procedure
for possible replacement, a Service Alert Event will also be deemed to arise for: (ii) the
deterioration of the solvency of the Loan Serdicer, measured by the failure to maintain the
required capital pursuant to aplicable law fora period of six (6) months, ad (1) the decaration
finsolveney of the Loan Service.



iii) cajamar

+ The CNMV, assupendsorofthe Fund,

+ The European Central Bank, using the Simple Supervisory Mechanism (SS), as supervisor
fthe Loan Server

+ Thecreditors ofthe Fund, through a notice of igrificat Event (Hecho Relevante)
+ The insolvency administrator for the Loan Servicer, aplicable.

+  Thefating Agencies.

+ The BacicUpSevicr.

The abovementioned notification to be made by the Management Company due to the
ccurtence of a Server Alert Event not cured within thirty (30) Business Days shall be referred to
as the “Servicer Alert Notifiation”.

Before the replacement ofthe Loan Servicer
Upon the accurrence or Service Alert Event not cured in the abovementioned period of time

- The Management Company wil ask for th passuord deposited with the notary.

- The Management Company willcary out tests isuing Loan payment bil to the Debtors
aná will subject this process to external audit lt considers appropriate to guarantee the
accuracy thereol,

- The Management Company will notify the Back-Up Servicer the replacement of the Loan
Servicer in the sevicing of the Loans in accordance with the Loan Servicing Agreement
and the BackUp Servicing Agreement, specifying the date on which the replacement
should be effect (the "Replacement Efective Date”). In case the replacement of the
Loan Servicer by the Back.Up Servcer is not possible for ny reason, the Management
Company vil selet an entity that may ulimately perform the servicing of the Loans. To
this end, it wll address the entities supendised by the Bank of Spain and included in ts
fia Registers, in the following order of preference:

1. Banksand credit cooperative, inorporated in Spain

2. BranchesofEU credit entiis with a permanent establishment in Spain

3. Branchesofnon-EU credit entities with a permanent establishment in Spain

4. Creditinstitutions (establecimientos financieros de cródio) incorporated as publi
limited companies (sociedades anónimas) in Span.

5... Onlyifnoneofthe above can be appointed, other type of entities.

To designate the new Loan Servicer, the Management Company will take into
consideration: () experience in the servicing ol loans 1) experience in the management
of delinquent and non-performing assets; (i) experience in the management of
efauted assets (1v) presence in the territory; (u)solvency; (ui) quality of information
technology and control systems and mechanisms; and (vi) cost, The Management
Company may request expert reporis (aid by the Fund) to conclude the decision
making process

Specific Loan Servicer replacement situations

In any event, the replacement o he Loan Semicer must be justifid by:

06


iii) cajamar

1 Breach of the obligation to service the Loans from which the Receivables assigned to
the Fund derive, verified by the Management Company.

ll... Acorporate, administrative or legal decision to liquidate o wind-up the Loan Servicer.
ii. Theextinction of the Loan Servicer dueto any other crcumstance.

v.. The occurrence of events related to the Loan Servcer or the performance of ts duties
that, in the opinion of the Management Company, entail harm or risk to the financial
structure ofthe Fund orto the rights and interest of he Noteholder

Y. The Loan Senvier enters in a resolution process as per Law 11/2015.

Upon occurrence of any of the events indicated in paragraph (to (y above, if permitted by law,
the Management Company may () revoke the appointment of Cajamar as Loan Services and (1)
replace Cajamar as Loan Servicer by Finsolutia

On the other hand, if the Servicer Alert Notification has been given, and if permitted y law, th
"Management Company shal (1 revoke the appointment of Cajamar as Loan Servicer and () adopt
the actions contemplated in the Deed of Incorporaton, in the Loan Servicer Agreement and in th.
BaclcUp Serving Agreement to replace the Loan Service

In case the replacement of the Loan Serdicer by the Back-Up Servicer is not possible for any
reason, the Management Company vil select an entity that may ulimately perform the servici.
ofthe Loans in accordance with the Loan Servicng Agreement,

“he Management Company shall notify the Back.Up Servier (or any entity replacng the Loan
Servier] that the replacement of the Loan Servicer in the sevicing of the Loans il take place in
accordance with the Loan Servicing Agreement and the Back-Up Senvicing Agreement and it shall
inform about the Replacement Effective Date.

“The Management Company, the Loan Servicer and, when applicable, the Back-Up Service will
cooperate and wil make their best efforts o achieve such replacement within the Loan Servicer
Replacement Term from the date on which the Management Company notifie the occurrence of
any event that shal result in the replacement of the Loan Service

By virtue ofthe BackcUp Servicing Agreement, Finsolutia undertakes to cary out the functions of
the Loan Servcer ¡fits replacement is effectively made and to assume the functions of the
replaced Loan Servicer once the relevant authorities have been consulted, provided that the.
Rating Agencias are notified and this does not adversely afect the rating given to the Rated!
Notes.

To this end, lfthe Bank of Spain, the insolvency court or the insolvency administators consider t
necessary, Finsoluia and the Management Company will coordinate with them the replacement
fthe Loan Service For this purpose, and only its necessary for the effective replacement of
the Loan Servicer, Finsolutia and the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, will enter into
a loan servicing agreement in similar terms to those included in the Loan Servicing Agreement and
those described in sections 3.45 and 2.72 of the Additional Building Block at the time the Loan.
Servicer is replaced and in any case no late than on the dates indicated under the Loan Servicer
Replacement Term defintin

“The Back Up Serviing Agreement vil be cancelle in the first of the following dates: (1) the Legal
Maturity Date, (1) the Liquidation Date of the Fund or (the date on which the long term deb
rating of the Originator, acting as Loan Service, ls equal or higher than BBB. by DBRS or BBB- by
Fitch. n any even from the date of replacement of the Originator as Loan Servier, Finsolutia will
deposit into the Treasury Account (r the account designated by the Management Company) the
praceeds received from the Debtors in connection with the Recelvables with the same periodicity
and terms as established for the Oriinator when acting s Loan Service.


iii) cajamar

Notwithstanding the above, and if permitted by lau, the Orignator may request its replacement.
in ts role as Loan Sevicer. The Management Company wi authorise ts replacement as long as
Finsoltia is the one assuming such role and the rating of the Notes are not negatively affected. If
Finsolutia does not assume the sevicing of the Loans, the Originator shall find an entity o replace
it, without additional cost to the Fund and provided that the Rating Agencies are notified and this
does not adversely affect the rating given to the Rated Notes.

In any event, in case of replacement of the Loan Servicer (both mandatory or voluntary
replacement), the replaced Loan Servicer wil provide the new loan semvicer all necessary
information in order o properly carry out lts functions, and the new loan serdicerwil undertake.
to provide the Management Company with at least the same information reported by the
replaced Loan Servicer when acting as such and in accordance with the Deed of Incorporatio,
“he replacement ofthe Loan Servicerwil be notfedto the Rating Agencies and the CNMV.

Contingeney plan to replace the Loan Servicer

Once the Management Company has made the decision to replace the Loan Servicer, the
following processes wil take place:

3)  Formaisaton of a new servicing agreement with the new loan server only 1 its
necessary or subrogation of the existing Loan Servicing Agreement by the new loan
server. The execution of the new servicing agreement or the subrogation of the
existing Loan Servicing Agreement shall take place at the time the Loan Server is
replaced and in any case no later than on the dates indicated under the Loan Servicer
Replacement Term definition

b)_ Activation of the information recovery procedure necessary for the servicing of the
Loans from which the Receivabls assigned to the Fund derive, This includes:

+ Transfers of databases and documents f he Loans from which the Receivables
assigned to the Fund derive that are under the control of the Loan Service.

+ Recovery fthe POR fl generated by the Loan Service.

+ Providing the new Loan Servicer wit all the data avalableto the Management.
Company regarding the Loans and the Recelvables derived therefrom assigned
to the Fund,

e) Activation of the process of giving notice of the assignment to he relevant Debtors
and insurance companies and guarantors as well as the process of updating the
instructions for payment thereby into the account designated for that purposes. his
process will be implemented upon the terms set forth in the Deed of Incorporation
“andin this Prospectus. Pursuant to the provision of section 33.7 of this Additional
Building Block, said notice shal include a statement that the payments due by the
Debtors on the Loans from which the Recemables assigned to the Fund derive shall
¡only be effective if made on their behalf into the Treasury Account or the account
esignated by the Management Company for such purpose.

6)  Natification of the replacement decision to all parties involved, incluging the CMV.
and the Rating Agencis. The replacement shall not take efect if this adversely
affect the rating of the Rated Notes

In any event, the replacement process of the Loan Sericer takes longer than nine (9) months to
conclude, the Management Company may consider this circumstance as Early Liquidation of the.
Fund, under the terms described in section 443.1 0fthe Registration Document.

Subcontracting of the servicing of the Loans


38.

“The Loan Semvicer may subcontract or delegate to third partos with proven capacity and solvency
the provision of any of he services that ae currently provided diretl o the Debtors, provided!
that this s legally permitted and (i) there ls prior written consent from the Management.
Company, (1) it does not aduersely affect the rating of the Rated Notes by the Rating Agencies,
and provided that (li) the subcontractor or delegate has waived the exercise of any action
ciaiming liability agaínt the Fund. In any event, this subcontracting or delegation may not entail
any extra costs or expenses for the Fund or the Management Company. However, in the case of
subcontract or delegation, the Loan Semvicer will not be exempted or released from any of the.
Vablities assumed in its position as such. Notice af any subcontracting wil be provided by the.
Management Company to the CNMV, and must have the prior approvalthereof legally required,

Name and address and brief description of any swap counterparties and any providers of other
material forms of credi/liqidity enhancement or accounts

Cajamar is the provider of the Subordinated Loan for Initial Expenses, pursuant to sections 3.43
ofthe Adéltional Bling Black.

Cajamar is the provider of the Subordinated Loan for the Comminglin Reserve, pursuant to
sections 3.43 ofthe Additional Building Block

Santander ls the Paying Agent and the provider of the Treasury Account, pursuant to sections
3.47 and 3.4.4 0fthe Additional Building Block.

POSTASSUANCE REPORTING

“The Management Company will publish the information related to the Fund, lts assets and
Tables contained in these sections, in the media generally accepted by the market to ensure.
appropriate cissemination thereof ín time and content, unless another method is provided by
law, regulation or this Prospectus.

“he information referred to in this section wil be available on the website of the Management
Company: wurw.imtitlizacion.com.

The Management Company wil make avalable to the public all the documentation and
information required by the Deed of Incorporation and this Prospectus

“The information referre to in this section is published without prejuticeto any other information
for which the dissemination, publication or avallablity to third parties is required of the
Management Company on behalf of the Fund for any reason. In any event, this information will
comply with Circular 2/2016 or rush legal proviions as may replace it, as well as the other
requirements imposed by the CNMV fr aid purpose.

4.1 Notification ofthe principal and interest amounts due to the Noteholders.

“The payment of interest and repayment of the principal of the Notes wi be published using
channels generally accepted by the market that ensure appropriate dissemination of the
information in time and content

“The dates for natiin the Noteholderswil be the second Business Day immediately prior to each
Payment Date.

42 Periodical information

Notífcations due to the Noteholders resulting from the above sections and to be made by the
Management Company on behalf ofthe Fund will be carried out a allows:

+ The Management Company will issue a quartely report including the following
information:

09


) cajamar

- The Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables.
-  Therepaymentrate experienced by the Recelvables
- The defaultrate ofthe Receivables.

- The Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables that have become Non Performing,
Recelvables during the previous month.

- The accumulated Outstanding Balance since the start of the Recelvable transactions
thatare Non-Performing Receivabls.

-  Theremaining term ofte Recelvables portal.
- The average interest rate ofthe Receivables portfolio.

- The balances ofthe accounts of the Fund,

+ Additional, in the 7 Business Days following each Payment Date, and in addition to the
abovementioned quarterly information, the Management Company vil issue a report with
the following information:

- The Outstanding Balance of the Notes before and after the payment corresponding.
tothe Payment Date ofthe current month;

-  Therepaymentofprinipalofth Notes.
- The percentage of Notes pending maturity;
-— Tneinterestaccrued by the Notes;

- If applicable, the principal balance not paid to the Noteholders due to the lack of
funds;

- If applicable, amounts of interest that correspond to the Notes accrued, due and not
paid on previous Payment Dates.

Pursuantto article 35 of Law 5/2015, the Management Company wi present the annual report to.
the CNMV for recording in the relevant register within 4 months of the and of the preceding.
financial year. Litewise, quartery reports wil be sent to the CNMV within the two months.
following the end of the calendar quarter in question, in order for lt to include them in the.
relevant register.

Article 22 of Regulation EU 2017/2402 establshes a number of requirements for the transparency
fa securtisaton transaction. Despite the fact that on the date of registration of the Prospectus.
this Regulation has not yet entered into force it is the decision of the Orignator and the
Management Company to conform to the provisions thereof. Therefore, the Management.
Company wil publish on ts website the information required by article 22.5, whenever possible
according to the nature of each requirement, and the Originator undertakes to meet with the rest
of article 22 once it becomes effective.

“The Board of Directors of the Management Company has designated PWC as auditor of the Fund.

“The Board of Directors of the Management Company will notify the CRIMV of any change in the
designation of the auditors.

4.3 Obligaions to give notice of significant events

“he Management Company, in representation of the Fund, undertakes to give immediate writen
notice to the CNMV, the Rating Agencies and the Noteholders of the occurrence of any significant
event, during the life of the Fund, related to the Recelvables, the Notes, the Fund or the
Management Company itself, which may affet he trading of the Notes, and specficaly, of the.
amount due 10 the Noteholders on each Payment Date, both for principal and interest, and in


) cajamar

general, of any relevant changes in the assets or liblties of the Fund. Said notice will he
provided through any means that ensures the appropriate dissemination of the information,
including the website of the Management Company.

4.4 Reporting to the CNMV.

“The Management Company wil inform the CNMV of notices or information, whether regular or
extraordinary provided pursuant to the provision of the preceding section, in addition to any
information, egardless of the above, that is required by the CNMV or applicable lega provisions
atanytime.

4.5 Reportingto the Rating Agencies
“The Management Company will provide the Rating Agencies with regular information on the
status of the Fund and the performance of the Receivables so that they may monitor the ratings
of the Rated Notes and any special notics. It will also use ts best efforts to provide such
information when ressonably requested to do so and, in any case, when there is significant
change in the conditions of the Fund, in the agreements entered into by the Fund through lts
Management Company, orin the interested parties

4.6 Notiication procedure.

Pursuantto the provsions of the preceding sections, ordinary regular notices vil be published in
the daly bulletin of the AJAF or through any other medium that replacs tin the future o that
shares similar characteristes

4.7 Publicinformation pursuant to Regulation EU 2017/2402

Once Regulation EU 2017/2402 becomes effective the Fund, through the Management Company,
is designated as the entity entrusted with providing the Noteholders with the information
described in article 7 thereof, including information that must be foruarded to the corresponding.
securitisation register.

Madrid, on 13 December 2018

D rorrertorrdeme
InterMoney Titulización, S.G.F.T, S.A
Choirman


DEFINITIONS

In order to properly interpret this Prospectus,capitalised terms wil e understood in accordance with the.
definition given for each one below, unless they are expressly given another meaning and also according
o the definition which was attibuted thereto as defined terms in this Prospectus. Terms that are not
expressly defined wil be understood in their natural and obvious meanings in accordance with general
usage. Terms in singular include the plural and viceversa o the extent that the text so requires

'adgitional Building Block" means the Additional Building Block to the Securities Note regarding the
issuance of Notes prepared in accordance with Annex VII of Regulation (EC) No 809/2004, approved by
the CIMV on 3 July 2018.

"Agency and Financial Sevices Agreement” means the agency and financial services agreement to be
entered into by the Management Company, for and on behalf ohe Fund, and the Paying Agent

"AFM" means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 231/2013 of 19 December 2012,
supplementing Directive 2012/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to
exemptions, general operating conditions, depositaries,leverage, transparency and supervision

"MAF” means AIAF Fised Income Market (AIAF Mercado de Renta Fa, S.A), the securities exchange for
fixecuincome securities located in Madrid on which the Notes are expected to be liste

“Anillay Rights" means any and al present or future rights arising from the Loans (1) including but not
limited to any compensation derving from insurance policies, payments made by potential guarantor,
payments derived from foreclosures o insolveney proceeding and any rght that, in connection with any
guarantee or security interest (nclucing, without limitan, pledges and/or mortgages) and according to
article 1,528 ofthe Spanish Cv Code, may correspond to the Orginator in relation with the Loans, but (1)
excluding claim fees for falure of payments, subrogation fees, repayment or early termination fees as
well as any other fee or disbursement supldo) corresponding to the Originator

“Arranger” means Santander,

“Available Funds" means the amounts which the Fund will applied on each Payment Date to the
payments, estabished in section 2.45,10f the Additional Building Block.

“Available Funds for Liquidation” means the amounts which the Fund will applied on the Liquidation
Datetothe payments, established in section 2.4.5.4 of the Additional Building Block.

tack-Up Servicer” means Finsoltia Spain, SLU.

tack-Up Serviing Agreement" means the agreement signed by the Management Company and the
FBacicUp Servicer on the Date of Incorporatian regulating the terms and conditions of the replacement of
the Loan Servicer by the Back-Up Service.

tasel IV" means the reform of the Basel IN standards approved by Basel Committee on Banting.
Supervison in December 2017.

'BCC" means Banco de Crédito Social Cooperativo, SA.
'BMR* means the Regulation (£U) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June
2016 an indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contrats orto measure the

performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation
(EU) No 596/2014.

"Business Day” means those days those that are not () a holiday in the city of Madrid; r 1) a holiday
according to the TARGETZ calendar (Trans European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express
Transfer System). According o the technical application 1/2008 of the Bank of Spain's General Directorate
af Transactions, Markets and Payment Systems, TARGETZ operates every day except Saturdays, Sundays,


cajamar

New Vea Day, Good Friday and Easter Monday [according to the ECB calendar, and May 1”, Christmas.

Day and December 26".

"Buyback Value” means at any time) for any Receivables that are Performing Recelvables, par value,
and (i) for any Non-Performing Recelvables, par value less the value of the specific provsions of these
Loans on the balance sheet of the Originator at that time (as confirmed by the Originator to the
Management Compay).

'Call Options” means the Clean-up Call Option, the Regulatory Change Call Option and the Tax Change
Call Option.

"Capital Companies Act” means the Royal Decrec-Law 1/2010 of 2 July approving the Restated Text ofthe
Capital Companies Act (“Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el texto
refundido dela Ley de Sociedades de Capital”)

"Treasury Account" means the account to be opened in the name of the Fund by the Management
Company at Santander, the operation of which will be covered by the Agency and Financial Services
Agreement.

"Cil Code” means the Civil Code published by virtue of the Royal Decree of 24 July 1889 and the other
preparatory provisions.

"Chil Procedure Act" or “Law 1/2000" means Law 1/2000, 7 January, of cul procedure (Ley 1/2000, de 7
e enero, de Enjuiciamiento Chi.

"Cajamar" means Cajamar Caja Rural, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito,

"Circular 2/2016" means CNMV Circular 2/2016 of 20 April, on accounting standards, annual accounts,
public accounts and confidential statistical information statements of secuiiation funds, s amended,

Clas

('Clase") means each class of Notes,

"Class A Notes” means the securtisaton notes issued against the Fund in the total nominal amount of SIX

HUNDRED TWO MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€502,700.000), made up of SX
THOUSAND TWENTY SEVEN (6,027) notes each with a nominal value of ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND
EUROS (€100,000)

"Class B Notes" means the securitisation notes issued against the Fund in the total nominal amount of
TWO HUNDRED TWENTY SIX MILLON FOUR HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (£226,400,000), made up of
TWO THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND SIXTY FOUR (2,264) notes each with 3 nominal value of ONE
HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (E100,000)

'lass € Notes” means the securitistion notes issued against the Fund in the total nominal amount of
STY FOUR MILLIONS THREE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€64,300,000), made up of SIX HUNDRED
FORTY THREE (543) notes each wit a nominal value of ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (100,000).

“class D Notes” means the securisation notes issued against the Fund in th total nominal amount of
FIFTY NINE MILLION SIX HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (£59,600,000), made up o FIVE HUNDRED NINETY
SIX (596) notes each with a nominal value of ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€100,000).

“class E Notes” means the securitisaton notes issued against the Fund in the total nominal amount of
ANINETEEN MILLION ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (£19,100,000), made up of ONE HUNDRED NINETY
ONE (191) nates eachwith nominal value of ONE HUNDREO THOUSAND EUROS (€100,000)

class E Redemption Amount” means a constant intalment equal to €2,387,500 plus, applicable, the
addition ofalltheshortflls in the payment. of such amount in any previous Payment Date.

“Class Earget Amortisation Amount” means an amount equal to


iii) cajamar
(ii), the Reserve Fund in the previous period minus the Required Reserve Amount in the current
liv) Zero(0),if(a) the Reserve Fund had not been funded up to the Required Reserve Amount on the.

'Clean-up Call Option” or “Clean-up Call” means the option of the Originator to repurchase at its own
diseretion all outstanding Receivables and hence instruct the Management Company to carey out an Early
guidation and an Early Redemption of the Notes in whole (but not in part) fat any time, the aggregate
Outstanding Balance of the Receiables less non-principal collections applied to reduce principal balance,
falls below 10% ofthe aggregate Outstanding Balance thereof on the Date of Incorporation, in accordance
with section 4.4.2.2 of the Registration Document

“CNMV” means the National Securities Market Commission of Spsin (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de
Valores

“Collection Adjustment Date" means the 20” of each month or the immediately preceding Business Day.
On such date, the Management Company and the Loan Servicer will adjust the amounts effetiely
deposited into the Treasury Account (or the account that replaces 1) during the Collection Period
corresponding to the calendar month immediately prior to the specific Collection Adjustment Date, to
those amounts that should have been deposied in accordance with each of the Loan Agreements
corresponding to the Loans from which the Receivables assigned to the Fund derive. Exceptionall, the
fist Collection Adjustment Date wil be on 20 January 2015.

“Collection Period” means each calendar month from the Date of Incorporation until the liquidation of
the Fund Exceptionall the first Collection Period wil begin on the Date of Incorporation and end on 31
December 2018,

'Commingling Reserve” means any amount crecited to the Treasury Account in accordance with section
3,4230 the Adétional Buiding Block.

'Commingling Reserve Euent” means:

(, Falure by the Servicert transfer colletions of the Loans to the Fund, f his fallure ls not cured!
ina period of five (5) Business Days

(i) Insolveney of the Service, fit result in any distuption of the payments to be made to th Fun;

(ii) Upon the Servicer being replaced by the Back-Up Service
payments to be made to the Fund.

itresuls in any dsruption of the

“CR” means Constant Annual Pre Payment ate.

'CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 June
2013, on prudentil requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amencing Regulation
(EU) No 648/2012.

"Date of Incorporation” means the day on which the Deed of Incorporation s authorised. The Date of
Incorporations scheduled for 14 December 2018.

-DBRS" means DERS Ratings Limited,

'DBRS Criteria" (“Criterios DBAS") means the provisions o the Legal Criteria for European Structured
Finance Transactions document published by DBRS in September 2018.

'Defaulted Receivable" means at any timo, any Recelvable that () has instalments pending payment for
twelve (12) or more months, or (1) whose dest, in the opinion of Cajamar has been deemed as not


recoverable by the Loan Servicer in line with their credit and collection polis. “Delinquent Receivable”
means at any time, any Recelvable which is ninety (30) days or more in arrears and is not a Defaulted
Receivable.

"Debtors” means the individuals or companies to which Cajamar as provided the Loans from which the
securiised Recelvables derive.

"Deed of ncorporation” means the public deed of incorporation of the Fund, Cajamar' assignment of
the Recelvables and the Fund's issue of the Notes.

'Disbursement Date" means 20 December 2018,
"Draft Real Estate Credit Contact Law" means draft law on real estate credit contracts (Anteproyecto de
Ley de Contratos de Crédito Inmobiliario) which would amend the Spanish Mortgage Law.
"Early iquidation” means the liquidation of the Fund and, thus, the prepayment of the issue of Notes an
a date prior to the Legal Maturty Date, in accordance with the cases and procedure set out in section
14.3 ofthe Registration Document

"Early Redemption” means the redemption of the Notes on a date prior to the Final Maturity Date of the
Notes in the event of Early iquidation of the Fund in accordance with the requirements set forth in
section 44.3 ofthe Registration Document.

"Early Redemption Date” means the date on which the Early Redemption takes place.
'EC8" means the European Central Bank.

'EEA” means the European Economic Area, constituted under the Agreement on the European Economic
Area, which includes the Member States of the European Union and the EFTA States (Iceland, Lichtenstein
and Norway)

"ESMA" means the European Securtis and Markets Authority.

"Eurosystem Eligible Collateral” means a colateral that is elígible for Eurosystem monetary poliey and
intra-day credit operations,

"Extraordinary Expenses” associated with th liqidation of the Fund, those derived from the preparation
and modification of the Deed of Incorporation and the Transaction Documents, and those derived from
additional agreements, expenses necessary to carry out the foreclosure of the Recetvables and any
recovery actions related, expenses from extraordinary audits and legal advice requested, and in general,
any extraordinary expense paid by the Fund or the Management Company, on its behalf

'FATCA" means Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act enacted inthe United States of America,
"ER" means Foreign Financial Institution.

"Final Maturity Date of the Loans" means the last date of matunty of the Loans included in the
Preliminary Portfolio, 1, 10 August 2033, or, f this ls not a Business Day, the immediately following,
Business Day.

"Final Maturity Date of the Notes” means th last Payment Date of the Notes, Le, 22 Apr 2037, or, if
hisisnota Business Day, the immediately following Business Day.

"Fimsolutis” means FINSOLUTIA SPAIN, SLU,
First Payment Date” means 22 April 2015.

First Interest Accrual Period” means the period that will begin on the Disbursement Date (included) and
will end on the First Payment Date, 22 April 2019 (excluded), or if such is not a Business Day, the
immediately following Business Day.

"EITC", means FITCH Ratings España, SAL.



Fitch Criteria” means the provision of the Legal Criteria for European Structured Finance Transactions
document published by Fith in 28 August 2008,

"Fixed-revisable Loans” means ficed interest rate Loans subject to modications in the applicable rate
according to cross selling relationship with Cajamar.

"Fund" means IMM BCC CAPITAL , FONDO DE TITULZACIÓN.

"General Data Protection Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/67 of the European Parliament and!
the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the proces:ing of
personal data and on the fee movement o such data, and repealng Diective 95/46/EC.

"Guideline” means the Guideline of the European Central Bank of 20 September 2011 on monetary policy
instruments and procedures o the Eurosystem (recat) (EC8/2011/14) as amended and applicable at any
partculartime.

'berclear” means Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de
Valores.

10" means Instituto de Crédito Oficial EP.

GA" means the Intergovermmental Agreement between the United States of America and the Kingdom
of Spainto Improve International Tax Compliance and to Implement FATCA,

'nitial Balance of the Notes” means the total amount of the Note issue, trat is to say, £972,100,000.00
Euros.

"italExpenses” means the expenses o the incorporation of the Fund and issuance of the Notes which
are expected to be those included in section 6 of the Securities Note and which will be paid against the
Subordinated Loan for Initial Expenses.

“Initial Reserve Fund” means the Reserve Fund created on the Disbursement Date in an amount equal to
NINETEEN MILLION ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€39,100,000.00).

Insolvency Act" means Law 22/2003 0 July of Insolvency (Ley 22/2003, de 9 de juli, Concursal,

Interest Acerual Period” means each of the periods into which the issue of the Notes is divided, and!
includes the days actual elapsed between each Payment Date, including the intal Payment Date of the
comesponding period in each Interest Accrual Period and excluding the final Payment Date of the
coresponding period,

“Interest Rate” means, on each Interest Accrual Period, the amount calculated in section 4.8 of the
Securities Note,

IRR” means the Internal Rate of Return for the Noteholders.
sue Date" means 14 December 2018,

Issuer” means IM BCC CAPITAL 1, FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN.

lsue or Note Issue" means the securitisation note issue issued from the Fund totaling €
372,100,000.00, comprised of 9,721 Notes of 100,000 Euros each and pooled in Cass to Clas E Notes,

“Law 22/2003" or “Insolveny Act” means Law 22/2003 of July on Insolvecy

“Law 2/1981" or “Mortgage Market Law" means the Law 2/1981 of 25 March on regulation of the
mortgage market and other rules of the mortgage and financial systems.
“Law 1/2013" means Law 1/2013, of 14 May, on measures to strengthen the protections for mortgage
ebtors, debtrestructuing and social rent, as amended by Law 25/2015.

“Law 5/2015" means Law 5/2015 of 27 April on the Promotion of Enterprise Funding.

156


"Law 25/2015" means Law 25/2015, of 28 July, on the second-chance mechanism, reduction of financial
burden and other social measures as amended by Royal Decree 5/2017 of 17 March, consists f four
Sections that introduce a set of measures that could affectthe Mortgage Loans

"Lead Manager” means Santander.
"Legal Maturity Date" means 22 Apr 2037.

Liquidation Date" means the Legal Maturity Date or any time at which the Early Lquidation takes place
according to sections 4.43 and 4.4.4 of the Registration Document

Liquidation Priority of Payments" means the order of priority of the payment or deduction obligations
fthe Fundas regards the application ofthe Available Fund for Liquidation.

"Loan Agreement” means the agreements regulating the terms and conditions of the Loans entered
into by and between Cajamar and the Debtors

"Loan Servicer” means Cajamar Caja Rural, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito,

"Loan Servicer Replacement Term” means the following periods of time in which the Back-Up Servicer
must be ready to assume the role and functions of the Loan Servicer:

1) The BackUp Server must be ready to assumethe functions ofthe Loan Servier within res.
(8) months at any point in time while Cajamar s rated higher than 8 by Fitch; and

The Back Up Servicer must be ready to assume the functions of the Loan Servicer within one.
(2) month at any poínt in time if Cajamar is rated a or lower than B- by Fitch. However, this
ne (1) month period wll only apply if Cajamar has notified the Back.Up Semicer the
dougrading of Cajamar by Fitch equal or under Br in accordance with section
“Commitments of the Loan Servicer” at least three (3) months in advance to the date on
which the Back-Up Servicer must be ready to assume the functions o Loan Service In the
absence of the prior notification within the referred deadins, the period for the substituion
fthe Loan Servicer will he three (3) months (notwithstanding the rating assigned by Ftch to
Cajamar may be equal to or below 8.

Loan Serviing Agreement” means the agreement signed by the Management Company and the Loan
Sericer on the Date of Incorporation regulating the servicing of the Loans from which the Receivables
derive.

“Loans” means each of the loans included in the Preliminary Portfolio that Cajamar has granted to small
and medium sized businesses located in Spain and to sell.employed individuals, in order to finance their
business actvitics and from which the Recevables assigned or susceptible of being assigned to the Fund
originate.

“LIV Ratio" means “Loan-to Value
each Mortgage Loan.

' Le, the raio between the outstanding balance and the appraisal of

“Management Company” means IteriMoney Ttulzación, SG.£.T,, SA.

“Management, Placement and Subscription Agreement” means the management, placement and
subscription agreement to be entered into by the Management Company, for and on behalf of the Fund,
the Lead Managers, ICO and Cajamar.

“Meeting of Creditos” means the meeting of the Noteholders, and the Subordinated Loan Provider that
shallbe established upon and by vrtue of the issuance of the Notes and shall remain in force and in effect
until repaymentin full or cancelltion ofthe Fund,

“MIFID" means Directive 2004/39/E€ of the European Parlament and of the Council of 21 Apr 2004 on
markets in financial instruments amending Council Directivos 85/611/EEC and93/6/EEC and


Directive 2000/12/EC of the European Parlament and of the Council and repealing Council Directivo
93/22/EEC.

'MIFID 1 means Diective 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of he Council of 15 May 2014 on
markets in financial instruments and amending Directve 2002/92/£€ and Directve 2011/61/EU,

"Mortgage Loans” means the Loans secured by a mortgage guarantee,

"Mortgage Transfer Certificates” or “MTC” means the mortgage transfer ceríficates to be issued by
Cajamar regarcing the Mortgage Loans in accordance with the provisions a section 3.2 of the Adáiional
Building Block

"Multiple Title" means the security instrument representing the MICS Isued by Cajamar on the
Mortgage Loans.

'Non-Defaulted Receivabl
Recelvable.

means, at any time, any Recevable that ls not considered as a Defaulted

"Non-Delinquent Recelvable” means, at any time, any Receivable that is not considered as a Delinquent
Recelvable.

"Non-Mortgage Loans" means the Loans which are not secured by a mortgage guarantee.

“Non-Performing Recelvable” means, at any time, any recevable that is considered a Defaulted
Receivable ora Delinquent Recelvable.

“Non-pricipal collections applied to reduce principal balance” means any collections arsing from the
Loans other than principal repayments of the Loans, e, collections from interest and any return on the
Treasury Account, used to cover any negative deficiency on each Payment Date between () principal
collections and (i) the amount of the Notes to be redeem on such Payment Dat.

“Notes” means Clas ANotes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes, ass D Notes and Class E Notes.
“Noteholders" means holders of the Notes.

“Ordinary Expenses” means any necessary expenses for ts normal operation, which are acerued or that
might be accrued in the futur, including, without limitatons, the peridical fees of the Management
Company mentioned in section 2.7. of the Additional Building Block (including those acerued by any
replacements thereof) the fee of the Paying Agent, the Servcing Fee and any other cos related to any
lsim on court or out-ofcourt of the Loans ar their foreclosure, the maintenance and administration of
any repossessed property by the Fund, the Rating Agencies fees for monitoring and maintaning the
rating of the Rated Notes, the expenses derived from the bookentry registry of the Notes for the
representation thereof as book entries, the annual accounts auditing expenses, expenses derived fram
the amorisaion of the Notes and the expenses derived from the advertising and notifications related o
the Fund and/or the Notes, expenses derived from the European Data Warehouse platform, the expenses
derived from supervision and inspection by the CNMY, expenses derived from Personal Data Register
updating, expenses derived from the renewal of the LEÍ code and the expenses derived from obtaiing
electronic certificate for the Fund.

“Originator" means Cajamar Caja Rural, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédit.
“Other Creditors” means the Subordinated Loan Provider

“Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables" means at any time and with respect to any Receivable the
principal amounts due and uncollected together with the principal amounts of the Receivables not yet
due.

“Outstanding Balance of the Class A Notes" means, on each day, the principal amount of the Class A
Notes upon issue les the aggregate amount of al principal payments on the Class A Notes that have been
repaid onor priorto such date


"Outstanding Balance of the Class B Notes” means, on each day, the principal amount of the Class 8
Notes upon issue less the aggregate amount of all principal payments on the Class B Notes that have been.
repaid on or prioro such date.
"Outstanding Balance of the Class C Notes” means, on each day, the principal amount of the Class €
Notes upon issue less the aggregate amount of all principal payments on the Class C Notes that have been
repaid on or prioro such date.

"Outstanding Balance of the Class D Notes" means, on each day, the principal amount of the Class D
Notes upon issue less the aggregate amount o all principal payments on the Class D Notes that have been.
repaid on or prioro such date.
"Outstanding Balance of the Class E Notes” means, on each day, the principal amount of the Clas E
Notes upon isue less the aggregate amount of al principal payments on the Class E Notes that have been.
repaid on or prioro such date.

"Outstanding Balance of the Notes” means, on any Payment Date the principal amount of the aggregate
of Class A, Class B, Clas €, Class D and Class E Notes upon issue lss the aggregate amount of principal
payments made on such Notes on or prior to such date,

"Outstanding Balance not Due of the Receivables” means at anytime and with respect to any Recetvable
the principal amounts not due and uncolleted.

Paying Agent" means Santander

Payment Date" means the 22" day of January, April, July and October of each year, or, ¡Fany of such

dates is not Business Day, the Business Day immediately thereafter.

"Performing Recelvable” means, at any time, any recelvable that is considered a Non-Defaulted
Receivable and a Non-Delinquent Recelvable.

“Personal Data Register” or “PDR” means the records of personal data required to issue orders of
calletionto the relevant Debtors which has been generated by the Loan Servicer in accordance with the
Servicing Agreement.

Preliminary Portfolio” means the Originator' loan portfolio audited on 11 November 2018, from which
the Loans that will originate the Recelvables assigned to the Fund wil be extracted, in accordance with
section 22 of the Additional Building Block.

Portfolio” means the Originator' loan portfolio from which the Recelvables derive at any given time,

PRIPS REGULATION" means Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the
¡Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retal and insurance-based
investment products.

Priority of Payments" means the order of priority for the application of the payment or deduction
bligations ofthe Fund, both as regards the application of the Available Funds.

“ProRata Amortisation Ratio" means for each Class of Notes, the percentage that results from the
following ratio: the Outstanding Balance of the relevant Class of Notes (except Class E Notes) civided by
the sum of the Outstanding Balance of the Clas A to D Notes, and calculated for each period using the
balances before the application of the Priority of Payments for which it wil e applied,

Pro-Rata Target Amortisation Amount” for each Class of Notes, means an amount equal to the Target
Amoristion Amount multiple by the Pro Rata Amortiation Raio of each Class of Notes

Prospectus” means, colletvely, tr table of contents, the document descrbing the risk factors, the
Registration Document, the Securities Note, the Additional Building Block and the document containing
the definitions

'PWC* means Pricewaterhousecoopers Auditores, SL.

150


"Rated Notes” means the Class A Notes the Class Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes.
"Rating Agencies” or individual, "Rating Agency" means Fitch or DBRS.

'Receivables" means the credit
assigned to the Fund.

dehts arsing from the Loans provided by Cajamar and which are being

The "Required Commingling Reserve Amount” means:
1 OntheDisbursement Date, £900,000, and
2. afterthe Disbursement Date an amount equal to the higher of: E900,000 multiplied by the
ratio which results of ividing the current balance of Class A Notes and the initial balance of
Class A Notes; and (1) the 50% of the Required Commingling Reserve Amount on the
Disbursement Date. Notwithstanding the above, once Class A Notes are amortised in ful, the
Required Commingling Reserve Amount wil be zero.

"Regional Law 6/2015" means the regional law of the Region of Murcia 6/2015, of 24 March, on Housing
in the Region of Murcia ("Ley 6/2015, de 24 de marzo, de la Vivienda dela Región de Murcia"),

"Regional Law 2/2017" means regional Law of the Valencian Community 2/2017, of 3 February, for the
social function of the housing of the Valencian Community ("Ley 2/2037, de 3 de febrero, por la función
social de la vivienda de la Comunitat Valenciana”),

"Registration Document” (“Documento de Registro") means the Registration Document, prepared in
accordance with Annex VIL of Regulation (£C) No 809/2004 and approved by the CNMV on 3 July 2018.

Regulation 1606/2002" means Regulation (EC) 1606/2002 f th European Parlament and of the Council
of 13 July 2002 on the aplcation of international accounting standards.

"Regulation 575/2013" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parlament and of the
¡Council of 26 June 2013, on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and
“amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012.

"Regulation 809/2004" means the Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004 of 29 April 2004,
implementing Diretivo 2003/71/£€ of th European Parliament and of the Council s regards information
contained in prospectuses as well as the format, incorporation by reference and publication of such
prospectuses and dissemination of advertisements, as amended from time to time.

"Regulation EU 2017/2402" means the Regulation (£U) 2017/2402 of the European Parlament and of the
¡Council of 12 December 2017 laying down a general framework for securitsation and creating a specific
framework for simple, ransparent and standardised securitizaion, and amending Diectives 2009/65/EC,
2009/138/£C and 2011/61/£4 and Regulations (EC) No 1060/2003 and (EU) No 648/2012.

"Regulatory Change Call Option” means the option o the Originator to repurchase at its own giseretion
all outstanding Receivables and hence instruct the Management Company to carry out an Early
Uiquidation and an Early Redemprion of the Notes in whole (but not in part) ¡fa Regulatory Change Event
¡sccurs in accordance with section 4.4.32 of the Registration Document,

'Regulatory Change Event” means (2) any enactment or implementation, addendum or amendment, or
hange in law, regulation, regulatory technical standard, rule, policy or guideline of any competent
national, European or international body (induding the European Central Bank, the Bani of Spain, or any
other competent national, European or international supervisory or regulatory body), or the application
or official interpretation ol r the point of view expressed by the competent body in relation to said law,
regulation, rule, policy or guidelme, with effets from or after the Date of Incorporation, or (6) 2
notification or communication of any other type from the competent regulatory or supervisor authority to
the Originatorin relation to the transactions described in te Transaction Documents, on or after the Date
of Incorporation in relation to such law, regulation, regulatory technical standar rule, policy or guideline
in force on the Date f Incorporation or that will come into force on or after such date, hat, n any o the
above cases, and in the reasonable opinion of the Originator, may have a material adverse effect on the

160


iii) cajamar

For explanatory purposes, the declaration of a Regulatory Change Event shall not be excluded due to the.
fact that prior to the Date of Incorporation: (a) the Regulatory Change Event is: () announced or
contained in any proposal (both draft and final version) for a change in laws, regulations, regulatory
technical standard, polis, applicable regulations or guidelines (including, without limitatian, any
agreement, procedure, or recommendation of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision), as oficaly
interpreted, implemented or applied by the Kingdom of Spain or the European Unior;() included in any
law or regulation adopted and/or published but whose effectiveness or application is postponed, in whole
rin part, beyond the Date of Incorporation; or (li) expressed in any statement of a competent authority
in experts meetings or other discussions ín relation to such Regulatory Change Event, or (8) the
competent authority has issued any notice, any decision, or expressed any opinion in relation to any
individual transaction, other than this transaction. n is sense, such proposal, statements, notifications
or opinions shall not be taken into consideration in evaluating the rate of return on the Capita of the
úriginator or increase in cost or reduction in profits for the Oriinator of the transaction referred to in the
Transaction Documents immediately after the Date of Incorporation

Replacement Effective Date” means the date in which the replacement of the Loan Service in the
servieng of the Loans in accordance with the Loan Servicing Agreement and the BackUp Servicing
Agreement wil take place.

“Required Reserve Amount” means the minimum Reserve Fund amount in accordance with the.
provision of section 3.422 ofthe Adkitional Building Black.

“Reserve Fund” means the reserve fund to be funded by the Management Company, in representation
“and on behalf ofthe Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 34.2 he Adgitional Building
Bock.

"RMBS" means residential mortgage backed securiis.
“Royal Decree 716/2009" means Royal Decree 716/2003 of 24 April implementing certain aspect of Law
2/1981 of 25 March on regulation of the mortgage market and other rules of the mortgage and financial
systems

“Rules” or the “Rules for the Meeting of Creditors” means the rules applicable to the Meeting of
Creditors.

“Santander” means Banco Santander, S.A

“Securities Market Act” means Royal Decree-aw 4/2015 of 23 October approving th restated text ofthe
Spanish securites market act Real [Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubr, ar el que se opruebo el
texto refundido dela Ley del Mercado de Valores)

“Securities Note” means the Securities Note regarding the issuance of Notes prepared in accordance with
Annex XII o Regulation (EC) No 809/2004, approved by the CNMV on 3 July 2018.

Spanish Commercial Code" means means the Commercial Code published by vrtue of the Royal Decree
0122 August 1885,

“Spanish Mortgage Law” means the Decree of 8 February 1948 by virtue of which the mortgage law if
approved (as modified from time to time)

“Servicer Alert Event” means (1 the interruption of the flow of regular information from the Loan
Semicer; and (i) a deteioratin in the content thereot. in any event and regardless of the reasons that
the Management Company finds give rise to the commencement of the procedure for possible
replacement, a Service Alert Event wil also be deemed to arise fo: (1) the deterioration of the solvency
fthe Loan Servicer, measured by th falure to maintain the required capital pursuant to applicable law
fora period of six (6) months, and () the declaraion f insolvency o the Loan Servicr.

161


'Servicer Alert Notification” means the notícaion to be made by the Management Company dueto the
ccurrence of Server Alert Event not cured within thirty (20) Business Days.

“Servicing Criteria” means the servicing criteria for the Loans described in section 37.22. of the
Additional Building Block

'Servicing Fee” means the consideration to be paid to the Loan Servicer according to the Loan Sevicing
Agreement.

'SME" means small and medium sized companies,

'STS Regulation” means the Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 ofthe European Parliament and of the Council of
12 December 2017 laying down a general framework for securitizaion and creating 2 specific framework:
for simple, transparent and standardised securitisation, and amending Directves 2009/65/EC,
2009/138/EC and 2011/61/£4 and Regulations (EC) No 1060/2003 and (EU) No 648/2012.

'Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve” means the loan formalised pursuant to the
Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve Agreement defined below.

'Subordinated Loan for the Comminglng Reserve Agreement" means the commercial subordinated loan
agreement signed by the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, and Cajamar to cover the
“ommingling Reserve, on the Date f Incorporation of the Fund,

Subordinated Loan for Initial Expenses” means the loan formalised pursuant to the Subordinated Loan
foriniialExpenses Agreement defined below.

Subordinated Loan for Initial Expenses Agreement" Ímeans the commercial subordinated loan
agreement signed by the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, and Cajamar, to pay the initial
expenses ofthe Fund, on the Date of Incorporation of the Fund.

Subordinated Loan Provider” means Cajamar.

Subordination Event" means, after application of th Priority of Payments on a relevant Payment Date if
any of the following trggers below in reach

A thesumof
1. Target Amortisation Amount plus

ll the Required Reserve Amount minus the Reserve Fund amount at the end of the
period

Divided by.

"The Outstanding Balance of the Performing Receivables is equal to or greater
than:

a. From the Date of Incorporation until four Payment Dates after the
Date ofIncorporation, 1.25%;

From four Payment Dates until eight Payment Dates, 2.25%;

From eight Payment Dates until twelve Payment Dates, 3.00%

From twelve Payment Dates until sxteen Payment Dates, 4.00%

From sixteen Payment Dates onwards, 4.50%,

For the avoidance of doubts, once the trigger above is in breach, amortization of the
notes wil remain sequential until Final Maturty Date.

B. The aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Receivables less non-principal collections
anplied to reduce principal balance, fals below 10% of the agregate Outstanding
Balance of Receivables thereof on the Date o Incorporatin.

162


iii) cajamar

For the avoidance of doubts, once the trigger above is in breach, amortization of the
Notes will remain sequential until Final Maturity Dat.

€. The sum of the ageregate Outstanding Balance of the Performing Receivables to the top
10 borrower groups is equal or greate than 10% the ageregate Outstanding Balance of
the Performing Recelvables.

For the avoidance of doubts, once the trigger above s in breach, a Subordination Event
vil occur and amortization of the notes wall remain sequential until Final Maturity Date.

D. The Reserve Fund amount is lower than 50% of the Required Reserve Amount
Forhe avoidance of doubts, once the trigger “D” above is in breach, amortizaton of the
Notes wil remain sequential. However ¡after application of the Priority of Payments on
any Payment Date thereafter, the Reserve Fund amount is greater than 50% of the
Required Reserve Amount, this Subordination Event wil no longer be considered in

breach and the transaction might swith back to pro rata amortisation to the extent that
no other Subordination Event occurs, o has occurred,

Subscriber

means Cajamar and ICO.
Subscription Period” means 19 December 2018 from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m.

"Target Amortisaion Amount” means the difference between (the Outstanding Balance of Classes Ato
D Notes and () the Outstanding Balance ofthe Performing Recelvables

“Tax Change Call Option” means the option of the Originator to repurchase at lts own discretion all
outstanding Recelvables and hence instruct the Management Company to carry out an Early Liquidation
and an Early Redemplion of the Notes in whole (but not in part) ¡fa Tax Change Event occurs in
accordance with section 4.43. of the Registration Document

“Tax Change Event” means any event whereby the Fund, at any time, is required by law to make
withholdings or deductions on payments to be caried out under the Notes; as well as any present or
future taxes, withholdings or charges, whatever their nature, that are determined by any applicable legal
sistem or any country with competent juisdiction or by or on behalf a subdivision political or
government agency with authority o establish taxes

“Transaction Documents” means the folowíng documents: () Deed of Incorporation of the Fund; (i) the
Management, Placement and Subscription Agreement; (i) the Subordinated Loan Agreement for Initial
Expenses; (ly) Subordinated Loan for the Commingling Reserve; (v) the Agency and Financial Services
Agreement; (vi) the Loan Servicing Agreement; (vi) the Back Up Servicing Agreement; ad (vi) any other
¡documents executed from time 10 time after the Date of Incorporation in connection with the Fund and
esignated as such by the relevant paris

“Treasury Account” means, in accordance with the Agency and Financial Services Agreement, the
account where all payments due to the Fund wil be deposited and from which all payments due by the
Fund will e made, in accordance with the instructions of the Management Company.

"UCITS" means Undertatings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities

VAT. means Value Added Tax.

Variable Fee" means the diference between (I al proceeds derived from the Recelvables plus the
interest accrued under the Treasury Account and any other return that might correspond to the Fund;
minus (6) al items ranking senior to the Variable Fee in accordance with the Priority of Payments and the.
Liquidation Priority of Payments

163


