Offering Circular
February 26th, 2004
TDA 19-MIXTO
MORTGAGE-BACKED SECURITIES
600.000.000 Euros
mortgage loans originated by
Fondo de Titulización arranged and serviced by
Titulización de Activos S.G.F.T., S.A.
Paying Agent
Banco Santander Central Hispano
Joint Lead Managers
Underwriters 
Offering Circular registered in the C.N.M.V.
Serie A:
567,300,000 euros
EURIBOR 3 meses 
+ 
0.20%
Serie B:
19,200,000 euros
EURIBOR 3 meses 
+
0.50%
Serie C:
6,000,000 euros
EURIBOR 3 meses 
+ 
1.05%
Serie D:
7,500,000 euros
EURIBOR 3 meses 
+ 
3.50%
Caja Rural Intermediterránea,
Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito
(Cajamar)
Caixa D'Estalvis de Tarragona
(Caixa Tarragona)
Bear Stearns            
EBN Banco
Cajamar
Caixa Tarragona
Bear Stearns International Ltd
DZ BANK
Banco Santander
Central Hispano
Caixa Tarragona
EBN Banco
Dexia Bank


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on February 26th, 2004. The 
"Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo"shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
"TDA 19-MIXTO, FONDO DE TITULIZACION DE ACTIVOS" 
1. The Fund 
The name of the Fund is "TDA 19-MIXTO, Fondo de Titulización de Activos", in short 
"TDA 19-MIXTO” or “the Fund”. It is established pursuant to the provisions of Royal 
Decree 926/1998 of May 14th. The Fund TDA 19-MIXTO is regulated in accordance with 
(i) the Fund Regulations, (ii) Royal Decree 926/1998 and any subsequent regulations, (iii) 
Law 19/1992, of July 7th, Régimen de Sociedades y Fondos de Inversión Inmobiliaria y 
sobre Fondos de Titulización Hipotecaria, in respect of aspects not covered by Royal 
Decree 926/1998 and whenever applicable (iv) Law 24/1988, of July 28th, Mercado de 
Valores, in its current wording, in respect of its supervision, inspection when applicable, 
sanction and (v) in any other legal dispositions current at any given time and which can be 
applied. 
2. Sociedad Gestora 
"TDA 19-MIXTO, Fondo de Titulización de Activos" has been arranged by "Titulización 
de Activos, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Titulización, S.A." as Sociedad Gestora 
empowered to such effect and, therefore, to exercise the management and legal 
representation of the fund TDA 19-MIXTO, in accordance with the provisions of Royal 
Decree 926/1998 of May 14th, by which Fondos de Titulización de Activos and Sociedades 
Gestoras de Fondos de Titulización are regulated. 
3. Securities issued 
Series 
Amount (EUROS) 
% 
Amortisation 
Fitch 
Moody’s 
A 
567,300,000 94.55 
Pass-through 
AAA 
Aaa 
B 
19,200,000 
3.20 
Pass-through at the right time  
A 
A2 
C 
6,000,000 
1.00 
Pass-through at the right time 
BBB 
Baa2 
D 
7,500,000 
1.25 
Pass-through at the right time  
BB+ 
Ba2 
 
Duration 
 5% CPR  10% CPR  15% CPR
Bond A 
7.13 
5.24 
4.01 
Bond B 
11.09 
8.48 
6.67 
Bond C 
10.68 
8.23 
6.51 
Bond D 
8.96 
7.15 
5.80 
 
The above tables are the result of the hypothesis included in section 2.12 of this Prospectus. 
“Pass-through” is a term commonly accepted by the market to indicate that the amortisation of the 
Bonds occurs through a controlled payment schedule, and related to the amortisation of the assets 
which back the Bonds. Nevertheless, the exact terms of the amortisation conditions are in section 
2.11. of the Prospectus.  


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on February 26th, 2004. The 
"Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo"shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
3.1. Amount, price and interest rate of the Bonds 
The amount of the issue is 600,000,000 Euros, and is constituted by 6,000 Bonds in four Series, 
represented as book entries, with a nominal value of 100,000 Euros. The price of issue of each Bond 
will be 100,000 Euros, 100% of its nominal value.  
Series A consists of 5,673 Bonds, that accrue at an annual variable interest rate, paid quarterly on 
each Payment Date, resulting of the sum of (i) the 3-month EURIBOR interest rate, established in 
section 2.10.1. of the Prospectus, plus (ii) a margin set between 0.18% and 0.23%, both inclusive. 
Series B consists of 192 Bonds, that accrue at an annual variable interest rate, paid quarterly on each 
Payment Date, resulting of the sum of (i) the 3-month EURIBOR interest rate, established in section 
2.10.1. of the Prospectus, plus (ii) a margin set between 0.50% and 0.65%, both inclusive. 
Series C consists of 60 Bonds, that accrue at an annual variable interest rate, paid quarterly on each 
Payment Date, resulting of the sum of (i) the 3-month EURIBOR interest rate, established in section 
2.10.1. of the Prospectus, plus (ii) a margin set between 1% and 1.20%, both inclusive. 
Series D consists of 75 Bonds, that accrue at an annual variable interest rate, paid quarterly on each 
Payment Date, resulting of the sum of (i) the 3-month EURIBOR interest rate, established in section 
2.10.1. of the Prospectus, plus (ii) a margin set between 3% and 3.75%, both inclusive. 
In each case payment of interest will take place every quarter, and will be calculated on the basis of 
actual number of days elapsed and a 360 day year. 
The margin to be applied to the Bonds, in percentages, will be determined by common agreement 
between the Placements Directors, no later than 11:00 am (CET) on March 1st, 2004. The final 
applicable margin for the Bonds of all Series will be faxed to the Sociedad Gestora, before 11:30 am 
(CET) on March 1st, 2004 by the Placements Directors. In absence of this notification, the Sociedad 
Gestora will set the margin for the A Bonds in 0.23%, for the B Bonds in 0.60%, for the C Bonds in 
1.10%, and for the D Bonds in 3.50%. Also, at the same date, the Sociedad Gestora will notify the 
CNMV as additional information to this Prospectus. The final margin will be certified in the closing 
deed. 
Interest for Delayed Payment: in case of non-payment to the Bondholders, the amounts matured 
but not yet distributed will not accrue penalty interests. 
3.2. Amortisation of the Bonds. 
The redemption value of each Bond will be 100,000 Euros equivalent to its nominal value. 
Bonds of Series A will follow the pace of amortisation of the Mortgage Loans, such amortisation will 
be transferred on a quarterly basis, in the terms established in section 2.11.2. of this Prospectus; 
amortisation of Series B will begin once the compromises of the amortisation of Series A; the 
amortisation of Series C will begin once Series B is fully amortised; and the amortisation of Series D 
will begin once the Series C is fully amortised. 
Notwithstanding, A, B, C and D Bonds will be amortised pro rata in proportion to the 
Outstanding Nominal Balance of each Bond, without the need for the previous Series to be fully 
amortised, in the amounts resulting from the application of (a) and (b) of section II.11.2., and 
whenever there are sufficient resources to do so, in accordance with section V.4.2. of this 
Prospectus and the difference of application of (a) of section II.11.2., is equal to zero, when on a 
Payment Date, the credit enhancement of the subordinated classes, that is, the relationship 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on February 26th, 2004. The 
"Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo"shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
between the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the B, C and D Bonds jointly, and the Outstanding 
Nominal Balance of all the Bonds represent twice the relationship between the Outstanding 
Nominal Balance of the B, C and D Bonds jointly, and the Outstanding Nominal Balance of all 
the Bonds on the date of the constitution of the Fund. 
The amortisation of all Series of Bonds will resume the procedure of section II.11.2. above, when 
on a Payment Date, one of the following situations takes place: 
(i) the Reserve Fund does not cover the Minimum Level established in section V.3.4. of this 
Prospectus. 
(ii) in the event that the Sociedad Gestora does not proceed to the early liquidation of the Fund 
when the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shares and Certificates is below 10% of its Initial 
Balance. 
Additionally, the amortisation of each Series on an individual basis will: 
(i) cease to be on a pro rata basis for Series B Bonds when the Outstanding Nominal Balance 
of the non-defaulted Shares and Certificates, with non-payments above 90 days, is equal or 
higher than 1.5% of the Outstanding Nominal Balance of all the Bonds on the date of their 
constitution, therefore only A Bonds will be on a pro rata basis. This amortisation will return 
to the pro rata basis when the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the non-defaulted Shares and 
Certificates, with non-payments above 90 days falls again below 1.5% but higher than 1% of 
the Outstanding Nominal Balance of all the Bonds on the date of their constitution, therefore 
only A and B Bonds will be on a pro rata basis. 
(ii) cease to be on a pro rata basis for Series C Bonds when the Outstanding Nominal 
Balance of the non-defaulted Shares and Certificates, with non-payments above 90 days, is 
equal or higher than 1% of the Outstanding Nominal Balance of all the Bonds on the date of 
their constitution, therefore only A and B Bonds will be on a pro rata basis. This 
amortisation will return to the pro rata basis when the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the 
non-defaulted Shares and Certificates, with non-payments above 90 days falls again below 
1% of the Outstanding Nominal Balance of all the Bonds on the date of their constitution, 
therefore only A, B and C Bonds will be on a pro rata basis. 
(iii) irreversibly cease to be on a pro rata basis for Series D Bonds, when the Outstanding 
Nominal Balance of the non-defaulted Shares and Certificates, with non-payments above 90 
days, is equal or higher than 0.5% of the Outstanding Nominal Balance of all the Bonds on 
the date of their constitution, therefore only A, B and C Bonds will be on a pro rata basis. 
In the event of the anticipated liquidation of the Fund as described in section 3.10. of this Prospectus, 
and considering the proportion of B, C and D Bonds in relation to the total issue of the Bonds, the 
amortisation of the Bonds of the B, C and D Series will take place in one payment only on the date of 
the liquidation of the Fund.  
3.3. Maturity of the Bonds. 
Bonds will be considered matured on the date in which they are totally amortised or on the date of 
Liquidation of the Fund. 
The final date of amortisation of the Mortgage Loans grouped in the portfolio will be December 12th, 
2033. 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on February 26th, 2004. The 
"Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo"shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
 
4.Mortgage Share Certificates and Mortgage Transfer Certificates comprising the Assets of 
the Fund. 
The assets of the Fund TDA 19-MIXTO are formed by Mortgage Share Certificates (hereon, Shares) 
and Mortgage Transfer Certificates (hereon, Certificates) issued by Caja Rural Intermediterránea, 
Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito (hereon, Cajamar) and Caixa d’Estalvis de Tarragona (hereon, 
Caixa Tarragona) (hereon jointly, the Sellers) in relation to loans granted for the acquisition, 
construction or restoration of a home situated on Spanish soil, backed with the guarantee of a 
residential mortgage appraised by an Appraisal Company. Some of these loans derive from the 
substitution of the debtor in promoter loans. 
Among the Mortgage Loans are Loans with an Outstanding Nominal Balance not exceed, on the date 
of the issue of the Mortgage Shares, to 80% of the appraised value of the mortgaged properties 
guaranteed (Mortgage Loans 1). Mortgage Loans 1 represent, on the date of the constitution of the 
Fund, an according to the information available to date, a total non-matured principal of 
approximately 522,796,769.40 Euros. The distribution is as follows: 
 
 
Amount of Outstanding Principal represented by their Mortgage Loans 1 (Euros) 
Cajamar 
368,386,445.15 
Caixa Tarragona 
154,410,324.25 
Total 
522,796,769.40 
 
The Mortgage Loans 1 will cover the issue of the Mortgage Shares. 
The remaining Mortgage Loans with an Outstanding Nominal Balance exceed, on the date of the 
issue of the Mortgage Certificates, to 80% of the appraised value of the mortgaged properties 
guaranteed (Mortgage Loans 2). The Outstanding Nominal Balance of such Mortgage Loans 2 will 
not exceed in any case, 100% of the appraisal value of the mortgaged properties. Mortgage Loans 2 
represent, on the date of the constitution of the Fund, and according to the information available to 
date, a total non-matured principal of 77,203,230.56 Euros. The distribution is as follows: 
 
 
Amount of Outstanding Principal represented by their Mortgage Loans 2 (Euros) 
Cajamar 
31,613,554.82 
Caixa Tarragona 
45,589,675.74 
Total 
77,203,230.56 
 
Mortgage Loans 2 will cover the issue of the Mortgage Transfer Certificates. 
Mortgage Shares and Mortgage Transfer Certificates are termed, together, “Shares and Certificates”. 
Each Mortgage Share refers to a share of 100% of the non-matured principal of each one of the 
Mortgage Loans, accruing an interest rate equal to the nominal interest rate accrued at each time by 
the Mortgage Loan issued. 
Shared Mortgage Loans bear a variable interest rate, revised each year. 
As holder of the Shares and Certificates, the Fund will hold all legal rights recognised by the 
applicable legislation and by the Shares and Certificates. Besides payments made by the debtors of 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on February 26th, 2004. The 
"Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo"shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
the Mortgaged Loans, any other payment received by the Sellers, as administrators of the loans from 
the Mortgage Loans, will correspond to the Fund, including those derived from any accessory right 
of the Loan, such as compensation from insurance policies, payments made by possible guarantors, 
etc., with the exception of interest due to delayed payment, commissions due to claim for unpaid 
receipts, subrogation commissions, amortisation and prepayment commissions, together with any 
other commission which may correspond to the Sellers. 
The Mortgage Loans have been granted by the Sellers to their clients through common procedure 
and are administered by said issuers in accordance with their rules of management. 
Following there are some relevant data about the assets of the pool, referred to January 21st, 2004. 
The data are extracted from a selection of mortgage loans taken from the 7,929 mortgage loans with 
a balance on that date of 631,157,039.66 Euros included in the audited portfolio mentioned in the 
audit report laid out in Chapter 1 of this Prospectus. 
 
General Information regarding the loans: 
 
Distribution in relation to current interest rate 
 
CURRENT 
RATE 
NUM. 
CURRENT 
BALANCE 
EUROS 
CURRENT 
BALANCE 
% 
WEIGHTED INT. RATE 
BY CURRENT 
BALANCE 
2.00-3.00 
1,884 
174,082,972.50
29.01
2.79 
3.00-4.00 
3,007 
238,927,127.48
39.82
3.41 
4.00-5.00 
2,412 
171,442,874.47
28.57
4.31 
5.00-6.00 
215 
15,063,940.44
2.51
5.07 
6.00-7.00 
7 
443,211.01
0.07
6.29 
7.00-8.00 
1 
39,874.06
0.01
7.25 
TOTAL 
7,526 
599,999,999.96
100.00
3.53 
 
 
Distribution in relation to the reference interest rate 
 
 
REFERENCE 
INTEREST 
RATE 
NUM. 
CURRENT 
BALANCE 
EUROS 
CURRENT 
BALANCE 
% 
 WEIGHTED SPREAD 
BY CURRENT 
BALANCE 
EURIBOR 
4,549
392,402,407.08
65.40
1.17 
IRPH 
2,785
194,245,148.39
32.37
0.24 
MIBOR 
192
13,352,444.49
2.23
1.02 
TOTAL 
7,526
599,999,999.96
100.00
 
 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on February 26th, 2004. The 
"Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo"shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
Distribution in relation to their Loan to Value Ratio 
 
 
LTV 
% 
NUM. 
CURRENT 
BALANCE 
EUROS 
CURRENT 
BALANCE 
% 
0-5 
2
53,604.82
0.01
5-10 
20
1,003,812.33
0.17
10-15 
41
1,262,063.96
0.21
15-20 
91
3,473,769.79
0.58
20-25 
122
4,884,635.97
0.81
25-30 
181
7,778,431.57
1.30
30-35 
240
12,118,699.84
2.02
35-40 
272
15,728,359.43
2.62
40-45 
296
19,087,584.52
3.18
45-50 
345
24,215,463.53
4.04
50-55 
417
29,188,893.27
4.86
55-60 
459
33,800,057.63
5.63
60-65 
534
43,258,811.99
7.21
65-70 
674
53,877,495.18
8.98
70-75 
998
83,935,409.41
13.99
75-80 
2,102
189,129,676.16
31.50
80-85 
317
33,660,146.82
5.64
85-90 
244
25,230,926.59
4.21
90-95 
116
12,018,998.39
2.00
95-100 
55
6,293,158.76
1.05
TOTAL 
7,526
599,999,999.96
100.00
 
 
 
Further information on the portfolio of the Mortgage Share Certificates and the Mortgage Transfer 
Certificates grouped in the Fund can be found in Chapter 4 of the Prospectus. 
5. Priority Payments of the Fund 
In general, and in accordance with section 5.4.2. of this Prospectus, income received by the Fund will 
be applied on each Payment Date to the following concepts, establishing the following priority order 
in the event that there are insufficient funds: 
(i) 
Expenses and Taxes of the Fund 
(ii) 
Payments to the Sociedad Gestora 
(iii) 
Payment of the Net Amount of the Swap Contract, if such Contract is not liquidated 
(iv) 
Interest payments of the A Series Bonds 
(v) 
Interest payments of the B Series Bonds. In the event that 1) the difference between (i) 
the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Bonds on the last Determination Date and (ii) 
the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the non-defaulted Shares and Certificates on the 
Calculation Date immediately prior to the corresponding Payment Date is above 100% of 
the initial balance of the B and C Bonds and 90% of the initial balance of the D Bonds; 
and 2) the A Bonds are not fully amortised nor will be amortised fully in the following 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on February 26th, 2004. The 
"Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo"shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
Payment Date, payment of interest of the B Series will be relocated to position (ix) of this 
priority order. 
(vi) 
Interest payments of the C Series Bonds. In the event that 1) the difference between (i) 
the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Bonds on the last Determination Date and (ii) 
the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the non-defaulted Shares and Certificates on the 
Calculation Date immediately prior to the corresponding Payment Date is above 100% of 
the initial balance of the C Bonds and 90% of the initial balance of the D Bonds; and 2) 
the A and B Bonds are not fully amortised nor will be amortised fully in the following 
Payment Date, payment of interest of the C Series will be relocated to position (x) of this 
priority order. 
(vii) 
Interest payments of the D Series Bonds. In the event that 1) the difference between (i) the 
Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Bonds on the last Determination Date and (ii) the 
Outstanding Nominal Balance of the non-defaulted Shares and Certificates on the 
Calculation Date immediately prior to the corresponding Payment Date is above 90% of the 
initial balance of the D Bonds; and 2) the A, B and C Bonds are not fully amortised nor will 
be amortised fully in the following Payment Date, payment of interest of the D Series will be 
relocated to position (xi) of this priority order. 
(viii) 
Amortisation of the Series A Bonds 
(ix) 
In the event of (v) above, Interest of the B Bonds. 
(x) 
In the event of (vi) above, Interest of the C Bonds. 
(xi) 
In the event of (vii) above, Interest of the D Bonds. 
(xii) 
Amortisation of the Series B Bonds 
(xiii) 
Amortisation of the Series C Bonds 
(xiv) 
Amortisation of the Series D Bonds 
(xv) 
Establishment of  the Reserve Fund 
(xvi) 
In its case, if the Swap Contract is liquidated, the liquidation payment to the Fund 
(xvii) 
Interests accrued by the Loan for Initial Expenses 
(xviii) 
Interests accrued by the Subordinated Loan 
(xix) 
Fixed remuneration of the Participative Loan 
(xx) 
Amortisation of the Principal of the Loan for Initial Expenses 
(xxi) 
Amortisation of the Principal of the Subordinated Loan  
(xxii) 
Amortisation of the Participative Loan 
(xxiii) 
Variable remuneration of the Participative Loan 
 
6.Credit  enhancements affecting the Bonds 
A series of financial operations exists to improve the risk of the Bonds. Said operations are as 
follows:  


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on February 26th, 2004. The 
"Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo"shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
Reserve Fund, described in section 5.3.4., will have an amount of 12,600,000 Euros which will be 
deposited in the Fund’s Account and will maintain a Minimum Level in relation to the behaviour of 
the arrears of the Mortgage Loans portfolio. 
Subordination of the B, C and D Bonds: payment of interest of the Bonds of Series B, C and D is 
subordinated to the payment of interest of the Bonds of Series A. Additionally, the amortisation of 
the principal of the Bonds of Series B, C and D will not take place until the principal of the Series A 
is fully amortised. 
Fund Account at a guaranteed variable interest rate, described in section 5.3.5.. Reinvestment 
Account: in the event that a Seller achieves the maximum level of rating granted by the Rating 
Agencies, a Reinvestment Account exists opened in the name of the Fund at said Seller with Rating. 
Financial Interest Swap Contract, described in section 5.3.7. of this Prospectus. 
The structure of the Fund and its credit enhancement are summarised as follows: 
Initial Balance of the Fund: 
 
Mortgage Shares 
Bonds A 
(LTV <= 80%) 
Bonds B 
Mortgage Transfer Certificates Bonds C 
(LTV > 80%) 
Bonds D 
Initial Expenses paid 
Initial Expenses Loan 
Treasury 
Participative Loan (Reserve Fund) 
 
 
Amounts for unbalance 
Available Subordinated Loan 
Swap Contract 
Swap Contract 
7.Rating of the Bonds 
On the Date of the Constitution a preliminary rating of Aaa has been granted for the A Bonds, A2 for 
the B Bonds, Baa2 for the C Bonds and Ba2 for the D Bonds, by Moody’s Investors Service España, 
S.A.  
On the Date of the Constitution a preliminary rating of AAA has been granted for the A Bonds, A for 
the B Bonds, BBB for the C Bonds and BB+ for the D Bonds, by Fitch Ratings España, S.A. 
8.Payment and Notification Dates 
Payment Dates to Bondholders: March, June, September and December 22th of each year, or, if 
such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day. The first Payment Date 
will take place on June 22nd, 2004. 
Notification Dates of the amounts of redemption of the principal of the Bonds corresponding to the 
immediately following Payment Date:, March 20th, June 20 th, September 20 th and December 20 th of 
each year, or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day. 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on February 26th, 2004. The 
"Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo"shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
9.Early Liquidation of the Fund (call) and extinction of the Fund 
By virtue of the Fund Regulations and in this Prospectus, the Sociedad Gestora is entitled to proceed 
to the early liquidation of the Fund TDA 19-MIXTO when the remaining Balance of the Shares and 
Certificates is less than 10% of the initial amount, provided that the proceeds of the liquidation of the 
assets permits the discharge of the outstanding obligations to the Bond holders, in accordance with 
the priority order established in section 5.4. of this Prospectus, and provided that the necessary 
authorisations have been obtained from the relevant authorities. The Fund will be extinguished, in 
any event, in the following situations, following notification to the CNMV and the Rating Agencies: 
 
When the Shares and Certificates are fully amortised, included the event described in section 3.6. of 
this Prospectus for the modification of the tax regime and the Seller’s option to repurchase the entire 
amount of Shares and Certificates remaining in the Fund is effected, in accordance with said section. 
In the event that all the Shares and Certificates have matured and there remain amounts to be 
collected from said Shares and Certificates and payments to the Bondholders, the Fund will be 
extinguished on the Payment Date immediately following the 2 years after the maturity of the last 
Mortgage Loan grouped in the Fund, that is March 22nd, 2036. 
If the Sellers exercise their right to repurchase all the Shares and Certificates which remain in the 
Fund, in accordance with section 3.6, the repurchase must coincide with a Transfer Date and will 
imply the early amortisation of the Bonds on the Payment Date following the date in which the 
payment of the Shares and Certificates repurchased, takes place. 
When the Bonds issued are fully amortised. 
When, in the opinion of the Sociedad Gestora, exceptional circumstances concur that render 
impossible, or extremely difficult, the maintenance of the financial balance of the Fund. In this case, 
the Sociedad Gestora, as soon as the CNMV has been informed, will proceed to liquidate the Fund in 
accordance with the priority order described in section 5.4.2. of this Prospectus. 
In the event described in Article 19 of Royal Decree 926/1998, which establishes the obligation to 
liquidate four months after the forced replacement of the Sociedad Gestora, due to receivership or 
bankruptcy, when no other Sociedad Gestora has been found to take over the management of the 
Fund. 
When non-payment of any of the values issued takes place, indicative of a serious and permanent 
unbalance, or it is expected to happen. In this case, the Sociedad Gestora, once the CNMV has been 
informed, will proceed to liquidate the Fund in accordance with the priority order described in 
section 5.4.2. of this Prospectus. 
If the provisional ratings granted to the Bonds by the Rating Agencies are not confirmed prior to the 
Subscription Period of the Bonds, the Fund, the issue and subscription of the Shares and Certificates, 
the Subordinated Loans and the issue of the Bonds will be cancelled.  
10.Listing of the Bonds  
The issue is expected to be listed on the AIAF Fixed Income Market, an official secondary market 
created by the Asociación de Intermediarios de Activos Financieros. 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on February 26th, 2004. The 
"Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo"shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
11.Registry 
The entity in charge of the accounting registry of the Bonds will be the Sociedad de Gestión de los 
Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., or the entity which substitutes 
it, which will clear transactions effected in relation to the Bonds.  
12.Financial Agent 
 
The financial service of the Bonds will be effected through the Banco Santander Central Hispano, 
S.A., (hereon, Banco Santander Central Hispano).    
13.Additional Information.  
Illustrative Character of the Information: The information in the tables contained in the 
Prospectus regarding interest rates, amortisation of principal, average lives and yields, and especially 
the information contained in the Financial Service Table of the Fund is provided only on an 
illustrative basis, and the stated amounts do not represent concrete payment obligations by the Fund 
to third parties on the corresponding dates or periods to which they refer. The data have been 
calculated under assumptions of interest, default and prepayment rates that are subject to continuous 
change; therefore any investor interested in knowing the expected payment scheduled on any 
particular date should request the pertinent information from the institutions authorised to distribute 
it, which are listed in this Prospectus. As stated in section 3.5. of this Prospectus, the Sociedad 
Gestora commits itself to make the information relating thereto available to the general public. 
Risk of default of the Mortgage Share Certificates and the Mortgage Transfer Certificates: 
Bondholders shall bear the risk of default of the Shares and Certificates grouped in the Fund, taking 
into account the protection afforded by the credit enhancement mechanisms. 
The Sellers do not assume any liability whatsoever for the non-payment by the Mortgage Debtors of 
principal, interest or any other amount that may be due by virtue of the Mortgage Loans. Neither will 
they, under any circumstance assume any responsibility in guaranteeing, either directly or indirectly, 
the success of the operation, nor will they give guarantees or warranties, nor enter into repurchase 
agreements for the Shares and Certificates, neither in virtue of the Fund Regulations nor in that of 
any other pact or contract. All of the above is without prejudice to the responsibilities of the Sellers 
in relation to the Loan Contracts (Initial Expenses Loan, Subordinated Loan and Participative Loan), 
the Swap Contract and the commitments agreed upon in Clause 9 and 10 of the Fund Regulations 
described in section 4.2. of this Prospectus. 
Risk of prepayment of the Mortgage Share Certificates and the Mortgage Transfer 
Certificates: The Shares and Certificates grouped in the Fund are subject to prepayment when the 
borrowers of the underlying Mortgage Loans prepay the outstanding capital. 
Recourse in case of default by Mortgage Debtors: In the event on non-payment of any amount due 
to the Bondholders, the Bondholders will have recourse only against the Sociedad Gestora and only 
in the event that the Sociedad Gestora is in breach of one of its obligations under the Fund 
Regulations. The Sociedad Gestora is the only authorised representative of the Fund vis-à-vis third 
parties and in any legal proceeding, in accordance with the law. 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on February 26th, 2004. The 
"Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo"shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
The obligations of the Sellers and the rest of the participants in the operation are limited to those 
arising from the corresponding contracts relating to the Fund TDA 19-MIXTO; the relevant 
obligations are described in this Prospectus. 
Nature of the Prospectus: a prerequisite for the establishment of the Fund and the issue of the 
Bonds is its registration at the Official Register of the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores, 
pursuant to Art. 26 and following of Law 24/1988, of July 28th, (Ley del Mercado de Valores) in its 
current wording. This Prospectus has been registered at the Official Register of the Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores on February 26th, 2004, in accordance with Circular 2/1994 of 
March 16th of the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores. 
The registration of the Prospectus by the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores does not imply 
a recommendation to purchase the securities nor a view of any kind towards the solvency of the 
Sellers or the yield of the issue. 
The Sociedad Gestora is responsible to the Bondholders for the information contained in the 
Prospectus. The present Prospectus does not constitute an offer for subscription, purchase or sale of 
the Bonds in jurisdictions in which such an offer is not in accordance with applicable law or to 
persons to whom their personal law does not authorise such offer. 
 
14.Participants 
Originators: Cajamar and Caixa Tarragona. 
Sociedad Gestora: Titulización de Activos, SGFT, S.A. 
Depository and Financial Agent: Banco Santander Central Hispano S.A. 
Placement Directors: Bear Stearns International Ltd., Cajamar, Caixa Tarragona and EBNBanco. 
Underwriters: Caixa Tarragona, EBN Banco, Bear Stearns International Ltd., Dexia Bank, 
Santander Central Hispano, DZ Bank. 
Design and structure of the issue: Titulización de Activos, SGFT, S.A. and Bear Stearns 
International Ltd.. 
Legal Advisor: Garrigues, Abogados y Asesores Tributarios. 
Auditors: Ernst & Young. 
 


Ca tna dl cdo de ae rc Ma Cr CAN Fl 2, Mol Tel
Irma” fed Sat aras Me no oca comen ná o documen er on colo omo st Jane
ed nr Me o

CHAPTER 1 1
A A A oro Un Deal ol e Sri Gora o Conc Psp :
1 ala ego A

CHAPTER Il 3
1 fonsi s Regunenen 2d Oiga Pia Agen 3

aa. CAprcemen lle Bosa el Decir, de Deacon de und Regula any le umd

A TO z

O A

M8 Comento a Red Enpmss out a  on Dy avesa ln Saber a e Scans
hoc y de Pand ,

aaa anpacnpa
e ci e
O
AS tcs tren Ra Esp fs e Fs

Ms ds Cd Td Es E
o

MRS. Pad l Spin a Boa
ASA Apolo o Snes lr De Bond EN
A
IZA Panel Open O
12 Secada Conc a

12S Ponono Eno hi tan pur de Ds or Coming ol e Estena de Td oro Ay
Fon mani Co pa a



Ca tna dl cdo de ae rc Ma Cr CAN Fl 2, Mol Tel
Irma” fed Sat aras Me no oca comen ná o documen er on colo omo st Jane
ed nr Me o

CHAPTER MIL 36
MA Ach Pepo de Coria
MA Mamgenen sd Reena del má de ene

MEA Paseo e Sovdad Geo HO
liar. *Descnpion le Joe Fund
MAZ Desorpuonol e Lale le nd
215 oda Vcc Ap de A Ao Ob Ac Dec
sa. Formal. Verions ad Apra of Arnal Accor and Maroma Report

Mudo Fany Esqui and Teratatión 9 Fund
CHAPTER IV. 48
A O

ME Aim Men,
IZA: Saban de See Adina ol e Sres a Cenes by e Social a
IVZS. todita ole Mangas Lom

10 Y ecos 2d psc rec l ie Sles e Matigage Saro Cotice nd Monge Tratar

INAZ. Wilson e Saro ad Coro
IN Wise Mons Ls dc re Sr ad Cee” ponia gospel Fund

CHAPTER V. 2”
Ve A ld Pi de Pos

E Pa Oe Cda E
VS Del e ec nd
34 Lao Dates
132 Lagos Prod —
373. Ataun e pad E
VTA Arte puto Pa
VAT Rio Mac Auimpia



Ca tna dl cdo de ae rc Ma Cr CAN Fl 2, Mol Tel
Irma” fed Sat aras Me no oca comen ná o documen er on colo omo st Jane
ed nr Me o

CHAPTER VI

E an ad Go lg Mc
E is a A Dl Pc
CHAPTER VII 9
vita Econ Desiedis Trend Mesioed e Prerica Sec,

Parque tn Or Conte



Inma” dnd mb Gana ab cl den mbr
tra eros rldpon

E Y Fa 2, 20 "os |
io a Es rms |

CHAPTER I

PERSONS ASSUMING RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONTENTS OF
THE PROSPECTUS AND SUPERVISING ENTITIES

LA Persons Assuming Responsibility for the Contents of this Prospectus

LLL Individuals Assuming Responsibility on Behalf of the Sociedad Gestora for the

Contents o his Prospectus.

D. Ramón Pérez Homóndez, Director General af TITULIZACION DE ACTIVOS, SGT, $A.. by
virue of the power granted o him by the General Mecting of the Sociedad Gestora hd on Mareh
21", 2002, and the agreement of November 2h, 2005, assumes responsibility on behall of the
Sociedad Gestora for th contents of Prospectas.D. Ramón Pérez Hemández hereto representativo
confirm the veracity of he contents of this Prospectus and that there are no omissions of relevant
¿ata or that may induce ero

The registered ofice of TITULIZACION DE ACTIVOS, SGFT, SA. is located ut 69, Cale Orense,
Madri, and ns Fiscal Idemificaion Code (CIF) is A-80352750. lt has been registered with tho
number 3 in the Special Register of Sociedades Gestoras de Fondos de Tinlización of the Comisión
Nacional del Mercado de Valores.

12 Supervising Entitis

12.4. Reference to the Inscription of the Issue in the Official Register of the Comisión
"Nacional del Mercado de Valores.

This Prospectus has been recorded in the Official Register of the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de
Valores on February 26*, 2004.

Tas recording of the Prospectus by the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores docs not imply
any recommendation to subscribe the securios, nor a view of any Kind on the solvency of the Sellers
re yield of the securitics issued.

13 Audit Reports

"The Board ol Directors af he Sociedad Gestora during its mecting of November 28, 2003, appointed
Ernst de You, registered in the ROA.C. wi mumber SOS30, as auditrs of he Fund. The Board of
Directors of ho Sociedad Gestora will inform th Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores of any
tango in th decignation the auditor.

“Anmex 4 includes the Audit Report on he issue of Montage Share Certificates and Mortgage Transfer
Cemilicatos to be growped in the Fund TDA 19-MIXTO camied out by Emst e Young for Cajamar and
Caixa Tarragona, in accordance with Antic S of Royal Decrec 926/1998 of May 14". Said Audi Report
covers series ol atributs, both quanttstive and qualitative, of te loss, specifically: purpose, debtor
idemificaion. mortgage gusratec, mortgaged propery adórss, apprasal vale, damage insurance,
Tormalisaio date inal maturty date, initial amount, current balance, payment delays, intros reference
les, interes rue margin, margin applied and mt between current balance and appsial val.


Ti rap vean is Eso le nal Foto fem” ra Sam nao otr si
Feenia Nina de Meco de Vale (eS Scenes Ma) Comme CONO o Fs 4 204, Te alo
Irma oc of o ad an mármol

¡Said Report has ben clborate from a selection of mortgage loans extracted from the 7.929 mongage
loans wah a balance, on January 215, 2004, oí 631,157.039.66 Euros, which integrate the portfolio; and
has bocn made using sampling techniques that constitute  commonly accepted procedo to veriy the
register held a entes in relaion to a group ol lems ("population"), and allow he infrence of said
úpopulacion by an analysis of number of ems ('sample”) small han the total group. The level of
confidence indices th probabiliy that he real number of items with devations from an existing trend
of population does not excced a predetermined limi ("precision"). The size of the sample and the
confidence level chosen determine that, in the event of rvors not being found in he sample, a maximum
«mor evelsinfered for population, always diferen from zero.

In the event that new crmes are detected in the rest of the population which hue not been initial
detected by the autos for the rest ol e population not included in he sample, the comesponding
¡Share and Cemtficaes shall be replaced in accordance wit section EV.

The Sociedad Gestora decos tt sl! he Monago Lomns backing Shares and Cenáfiates gropod in
be Fund TDA 19-MIXTO, hoth in the intl l final selection to be made on the Closing Date, tber
taractorists described ín section IVA. of this Prospectus, have been selectod from the porflos ta
Svbich the audi report applies



DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve (eS Ec Mar Cane “CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

CHAPTER HL

INFORMATION RELATING TO THE SECURITIES ISSUED

ILI Information on Requirements and Obligatory Prior Agreement

Agrcements of the Board of Directors the Deed containing the Fund Regulations and!
“any other mandatory Requirements in accordance with Applicable Law.

The isue and subacition f he Mongago Share Cenificates and Mortgage Transfer Cetiates and
the constitution o the Fund hase been auhorincd by the agreements adopted by the Board ol
Directors ol the Sociedad Gestora, in a mec held on November 25th. 2003 as included in Annex
2. and by the Board ol Directors ol Cajamas. on January 20%. 2004. and Calxa Tarragona. on
December 199, 2008, ss fon Amex 1 oftbis Prospecta.

The Sociedad Gestora is quaiicd to arange Fondos de Tiuización, and, accordingly, to administer
and legally represent them, pursuant to Royal Decres 926/1993, of May 14”, by which Fondos de
Tiulización de Activos md Sociedades Gestoras de Fondos de Tiulización are tegulated,

"hc decd containing the Fund Regulations wil be drawn up prior o he beginning of the Subscription
Period for he Bonds.

Pursuant to Royal Decrec 926/1998 of May 14”, niiher he Fund nor he sccurtics issued by e will
be registered in the Registro Mercanvil (Commercial Register

IL12 Listing and Liquidity of the Securitics.

This ¡sue is expected to be listed on the AIAF Fixed Income Market, an organised secondary
securitles market, created by the Asociación de Intermediarios de Activos Financiero.

"hc entity in charge of recording the accounts of the Bonds will be Sociedad de Gestión de los
Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores (hercon, IBERCLEAR), or the entity
“bic substitutes lt wbich will lcurtransactions ctísctd in relation to the Bonds, Such tasks shall
carried ou directly by IBERCLEAR or the entity hat substitute rough lt participating eniis

12 Prior Administrative Authorisation.

No prior administrative uthorisaion ds necessary.
113 Evaluation of the Inherent Risk of the Bonds

The Sociedad Gestora in its copocy as founder and legal representative of he Fund, and the Soles in
bir capacity as seller ol the Shares and Conificaes have agreod o request Moody + Investors Sevice
España, SA. and Fih Raings España, SA. o asin ratings to cach on of he Sres of Bonds, in
“accordance with at. of Royal Dectee 926/1998 of May 1:

On to de ofssue, he following preliminary ratings have bcn assigned by both Rating Agencies


Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole fome de Si gus sn ers
"comi cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. “CN Fl 8, Tao
Inrena e ra hr ee eel dd ce lo mn hn

Rating provided by Rating Agencies to D Series means that this Series ds not investment grado, as
ctild in Anex:3.

"The Rating Agencies were conmissined to perform an evaluation of the Bonds and provid th rating
tbrco.

"The rating, by definition, constes the opinion of the Agencies as to he level of credit risk ate
payment and default) o which the Bonds are subject. Accordingly, this involves an assessment of the
kilo tra Bondholders vil ecciv payments f interest due to hem on he expoted dates

Fils rating of he credit ik ás an opinion on the capacity of the Bonds o comply with interest and
pricipal payments throughout th feo he transaction.

Ficts ruings for long and sort tr debí are th following:

Fitch applies modifiers + amd - to indicate Ahe reltive position of a min win tbc maín ring
categories. These modifirs ac no added, among long term ratings, to AAA or CCC or below, cierto.
short tem ratings er han FL

Fichs rating is based on he quals of the Shares and Cenúfictesgrouped in the Fund, in the available
red enancements and tb legal and financial aspects f Uh issue ol he Bonds

"The ratings assigned to cach Serios by Fich measure the copaciy af the Fund to comply wi the
payment of interest on cach expectod Payment Date and the reimbursement of principal doing the life ol
th transaction, and in any even, before the Final Mauri Date us established in to documents. The
documents allow th delay of interest payment of Classes Ñ, C and D under cenain circumstances. This
implis that interest might not be recivod from these bonds during a cra period of time fe delay
igger is reached and without causing th lack of payment of the bonds. Th rating does not in any way
imply an asesement ol likely yield of the Bond.



Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole fome de Si gus sn ers
"comi cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. “CN Fl 8, Tao
Enmarcar Sai Tama |

In order o make is assessment, Plth has relicd upon the statements made by ho participants in ho
transaction, by is audios and Lawyers and by xhor experts concerning the accuracy and completeness
af information provided in connection with he rating and ls subscguent monitoring.

The rating assigned by Fitch upon the creation of the Fund is subject to revision, suspension or
witadraval al any time, on the basis of any information of which it hecomes amar, or the lack of
available information or any her reason.

"hc rating assigned by Fach does not constiue recommendation o buy, reino ell the Bonds.
Moody's assessment takes ino account th structure of the transaction, te legal aspects of the Bonds, the
e haracterscs of th issuing Fund, hc nature and characteristics of he Mortgage Loans and th reguarty
“nd continuiy fte flow of funds in th operation.

The rating assigned by Moody does not constitute an assessment of ds probably that the debtors vil
prepay or amomtis th principal, or stan assessment of the extent to which such payments may difer
from te original expectations. The ating docs not in any way imply an assessment of he likely yield ol
te Bonds.

Moodysratings for long and short term isues of debt ar as follows:

Moody applies the mumsrical modifcs 2 and 3 to cach long trm rating category between Au and E.
Modiñe indiats vales in lc higher range of he rating category, modifi 2 indicas medium rango
and modálicr 3 indicatos te lower range of cach generic category

Moodys rating for this trusacion measures the expected los before the Legal Matuiy Dat of the
Fund,

Moody's rating for this transaction is an opinion o the capacity of he Fund to prompújy pay interest and
principal during th lie ol te transaction, and in any case, bere its legal terminatio, on March 22nd,
2036.

In order to muke lts assessment, Moody has relcd upon th statements made by the participan in hc
transaction, by is audios and Lawyers, and by oxhor experts concerning the accuracy and completeness
af information provided in connection with he rating and ls subscguent monitoring.


Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole fome de Si gus sn ers
"comi cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. “CN Fl 8, Tao
Enmarcar Sai Tama |

The rating assigned by Moody's spon the creation of he Fund is subject o revision, suspension or
witadraval a any úme, on th basis of any information of which it hocomes aware. The initial rating, as
well as any revision or suspension

- ls formulated by Moody's on the basis of x considerable amount of information reccived, and in
espect ol which Moody gives no assurnce as regards accuracy or completeness so that Moody's
hal notin manner bo considered labo

- Does nor constitute and cannot, accordingly, he itepreed in any manner as a recommendation or
encontagement to Bondholders o procced o cc any transaction in respect of he Bonds, and in
particular, o uy, hold, retin pledge or sel he Bonds.

- And ncitterrellts th market conditions, or the possible needs of any particular investor
The absence of confirmation prior to th beginning of the subscripion period of the provisional ratings
assigned to cach Series of Bonds (A, B, C and D) by the Rating Agencies, will conste grounds for the
disolution o the Fund, the Initial Expenses Loun, he Subordíated and Participativo Loans, the Swap
Contract and the issue af the Bonds.

The documents in which he Rating Agencies grant ho ruin to hi ss ae included as Annex 3 of is
Prospocts.

14 Nature and Name of the Bonds Issued

"hc aggregate amount of Uhe issue is 600.000.000 Euros divided into 6000 Bonds af four Seris (A, B, C
and D)

The Bonds ae regulated by Royal Docree 926/1998, bencfing from thcir nature as fixed income
securitics tha are homogencoas,tandadis, nd therefore negotiable in organisod security markets.

M4. Different Periodicity between the Flow of Income and Payments of the Fund.

Tas financial service of tc Bonds is cffeted from the flow of income of th Shares and Comifiates.
"hc Fund reccives such income on a daily basis from Cajamar and weekly from Caixa Tarragona,
and makes lis payments on 2 quarterly basis, such income being invested in the Fund's Account
Transfer Account and Reinvestment Accounis during the interim between inflow and outílow, as
specified in section V.35. of this Prospectus. Global protection mechanisms are available, which
over up o a certin limit the risk of insufficieney of resources of the Fund and which have been
taken into consideration by the Rating Agencies for the pupose of assigning the rating to ho issue
described in section HL. o his Prospectas.



DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve (eS Ec Mar Cane “CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

HAZ. Priority of Payments.

VW respect to the payment ol interest and principal í hc Bonds, the Bondholders ae subject to the
priory of payments of the Fund as described in scction V:42- his Prospecta.

HAS. Other Risk Considerations.

HA3A, > Risk of mompayment of the Mortgage Share Certificates and the
Mortgage Transfer Certificates.

Bondholders shall bear the risk of non-payment of the Shares and Certfcates grouped in the Fund.
taking into account the protection granted by the credit enhancement mechanisms.

"hc Sellers will not assume any liablity whatsocver for hc nonpayment by the Mortgage debtors, of
either principal, interes or any other amosnt hat may be due by vist of the Mortgage Loans. Nor da
hey, Under any other form whaisocver, assume any responsibility in guarantecing, cer directly or
indirccl, the final success of the operation or give guarantees or warrantics nor enter int repurchase
agreements fr he Shares and Ceruficates,ncither by vituc of the Fund Regulations or any olherpact
ar contract. All ol above wihout prejudice to the responsbilies of the Seller in respect al the
Loan Contracts (Iiial Expenses Loan, Subordinated Loan and Participativo Loan), Swap Contract,
and by th compromise describod in Clauses 9 and 10 of the Fund Regulations and described in
Section IV. of his Prospecta

MA32. Risk of prepayment of the Mortgage Share Certificates and the
Mortgage Transfer Certfictes.

Tas Shares and Certificates grouped in the Fund may be subject to prepayment when he borrowers of
the underiying Mortgage Loans reimburse the outstanding capital

Tac risk entiled by said prepayment will be transerred quanery, on cach Payment Date, to the
Bondholders in accordance with the rules of amortistion described in section LIL. of this

Prospectus

1433. Other Considerations

Limited Protection: An investment in the Bonds may be affected, among other things, by a downturn
in gencral cconomic conditions which may adverscly affect the payments of the Mortgage Loans
vwbich support th Fund. Sufficienly high detsulis could reduce, or even liminate, he protection of
he Bonds aguinst loses in the Loan portfolio, which is provided by the existence of the credit
enbancemente described in section V.3. of this Prospectus.

Limited Responsibility: The Bonds issued by the Fund do not represent an obligation of the
Sociedad Gestora o of the Sellers. The Mlow of resources to cover payment obligaions asin from
e Bonds is insured or guaranteed only on th specific circumtane and to the limited extent cit in
this Prospecta. With he exception af bese guarantes, no other fuaranteos are granted by any public
or privat entity, including the Sellers, he Sociedad Gestora, or any other company afliated o these
nttics rin which they have holding, The Shares and Cetifiats epresenting the Loans and rights
hey enail constitute the sole source of income for Ihe Fund and, hrefor, the sole Soures ol
payments to the Bondholders



DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve (eS Ec Mar Cane “CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

Limited Liquidity: There is no guarantee that a secondary market wi a minimum frequency and
Uiquidi will develop.

In addition, ín no case may the Bonds be repurchascd by the Fund from the holders, although carly
amortiation of the Bonds in their enirey s posible, in th event of the carl liqidation of the Fund,
<wben the oststanding Balance of the Shares plus the Centiicaes, is less than 10% ol he initial
balance o all the Shares and Cerúficates, under the terms st out in section IL10, oFthis Prospectus.

Yield: The rate of prepayment of the Louns may be inluenced by a varicty of geographic, economic
“and social factors, Such as he ag of the debors seasonaliy, market interest rates and unemployment.

Tas calculation of the yield, average life and duration of he Bonds involves assumptions regarding.
repayment rats hat may not occur

Additional Interest: The existence of delays in Ihc payment of interest or principal to the
Borndholders shall in no cose result in addiional interest in hoi favour.

Legal Aspects: As of the Date of Issue of the Bonds, he Sellers have granted a Serics af waramies
and guarantcos on the characteristics ol the Loans and the Shores and Ceniicates concerning the
existence ol the Loans and any guarantee relaing thereto, if any, as well s the absence of any
úobstaco to e isue of he Shares and Certificates, and ir conformiy wih the characteristics of the
Loans set out in the Regulations and in this Prospectus. However, the Sellers do not guarantee the
Solvency of the debtors of the Loans. In addition, such guarantees do not enable Bondholders to
exercise agains the Sellers any rights, which hey may have against he Fund the Sociedad Gestora is
he only authorised representative of he Bondholders in relation with third parts and in any legal
rocecdings related o the Fund TDA 19-MIXTO in accordance with anicle 12 (1) of Royal Decree
926/1998 and in article 6 paragraph 2 0f Law 19/1992.

In accordance with the Fund Regulations and this Prospectus, the Sellers have underiaken 10 act as
regards the sevicing of the shared Loans, using th same care as when dealing with any oxher Loan in
Abc pontolo.

ILS — Formand Representation and Accounting Registry

"The Bonds will e represented as book enris, in accordance with Royal Decree 926/1998 and hey will
e constutd as such by vue ol tir inscition in ho corresponding accomting regis.

The Bondholders shall e ideifcd as such (on Uhcir behalf or rough third parts) in he registry
maintained by IBERCLEAR or the city which substitute which will o responsible fr maintaiming
be accounting registry of the Bonds in accordance with the Fund Regulations, in such a way that the
elaring and payments f the Bonds is cilected in accordance wit the rules established in he ALAF
Market or hat may be established in hc future by IBERCLEAR, or the cy which substiues it, for
ecu admitedto listing and represented as book entrcs.

1L6 Amount of the Issue, in Nominal Euros, Number of Bonds and Amount of Each Bond.

The aggregate amount oc issue of Bonds will be 609.000.000 Euros; the Bond will represented as
book entries cach wih a nominal value of 100.000 Euros. 6.000 Bonds in our Seris will be sue.

—  ASeries:5.673 Bonds, fo a total amount o 567.300.000 Euros

— BiSeries: 192 Bonds, for total amount of 19.200.000 Euros



DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve (eS Ec Mar Cane “CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

—  C'Series: 60 Bonds, fr total amount of 6,000,000 Euros
—  DSeries:75 Bonds, fora total amount of 7.500.000 Euros

17 Eftectve and Nom

Amount of Exch Security.
"he price ofissu of cach Bond will be 100.000 Euros, thai, 1009 os nominal value.

Tre redempion pri ol cch Bond will be 100.000 Euros cquivalnt to its nominal vale,

Al Bonds o all Series aro given in Euros, e Fund vil make all payments derived from the Bonds
issue n Euros

IS — Commissions and Related Expenses required to be borne by Investors when
Subscribimg for the SecuriticsIssued by the Fund.

The aforementiond price ofisue shall be foc of taxes and subscription expenses for he imvesto.
19 Commissions to be charged to Bondholders.

Commisions of registry in IBERCLEAR's Main Register will be charged to th Sociedad Gestora, it
vil be nontransfrable und there vil not be a commission in concepto balance maintenance.

Furthcrmore, ens associated to IBERCLEAR will be able to establish, in accordance vith cuen
legitaon, the commisions and expenses ranserble o the holder of the Bonds for he concept ol
security administration they determine, notifying the Bank of Spain ando to the CNMY as superdising
body.

HL1O Interest of the Bonds.

110.1. Nominal Interest.

Interest payments to the Bondholders will be made, in relation to the rst of the payments of he Fund,
according to th priort order described in section V-42. ol this Prospectus. Interest for all classes
vil acerue on the basis of Interest Accrual Period. Each Interest Acerual Period vil e the period
between two consecutivo Payment Dats, including the first and excluding the last The fest accrual
period will star on the Closing Date (including hat ate) and will end on the fest Payment Date, June
22m, 2004 excluding tas date)

Al the Bonds issued vil bar, from the Closing Date until thir final maturty, a variable annual
interest rate paid quanterly on cach Payment Date on the Outstanding Nominal Balance of cach Bond,

Tas applicable interest rate for cach one of th Series of Bonds during cach Accrual Period will e the
sum ol 6) the Reference Interest Rate, determined as established in the following section, equal foral
Series of Bonds and rounded to the ncarestthousandih of a percentage point, taking into account that
in ho case that the proximiy for the rounding up or down is idetical, such rounding will e cifected
vpwards, plus (4) he margin applicable to cach Series of Bonds, sis established below.

Reference Interest Rate: Th Reference Interest Rat for he determination of he applicable interest
rate for the Bonds of all Series will be the 3-monh EURIBOR, or a substitute ¡Pnecessary, and will be
ctermined s follows. EURIBOR is the markets reference interest rate for ho Euro.



DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
"comi cora dl Mead de Vols San Score Mond Cm "CN Jm Fs PP
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

Notwithstnding, Reference Interest Rate for he first Accrual Period, betwcen the Closing Date and
be fest Payment Date, will be the result of the linalintepolation between 3-month EURIBOR rate
and 4omonth EURIBOR rate, taking account the number of days of the fest Accrual Period
Calculaion of ihe Reference Interest Rate for th first Accrual Period will result according with the
following formula:

RES) BES)
R=- Reference Interest Rate fort first Accrual Period,
d= Number of days forhe first Accrual Period.

month EURIBOR rat,

Eá= 4-month EURIBOR rat,

Determination of the Reference Interest Rate for the Bonds: The determination of EURIBOR vil
ontorm to the males described in this section.

On cach Determination Date, th Sociedad Gestora vil
to he EURIBOR, as follows:

termine the Reference Interest Rate equal

6) The 2=momh EURIBOR rate which appears on the REUTERS" screen, EURIBOR= page at
11:00 am CET. (Central European Time) of the Determination Date. “REUTERS' screen.
EURIBOR= page” is the pago hat rellects Ahe contents ol page "EURIBOR=" on the
REUTERS MONITOR MONEY RATES SERVICE (or any oler page that might replace it in
this service)

(In absence of Uhe rats indicated in par () the average shall be that of the 3-=month EURIBOR
rate on the Determination Date which appears on “TELERATE” screen (TELERATE SPAIN,
S.A.) page 248, (or any other page that might replace lt in this service) at 11:00 am CET

(úi) In absence of the ate indicated in parts (1 and (li) the average shall be that of the London 3-
month interbank imerest rates for Euro-denominated deposit operations declared,
simultancously, on he Determination Date by th following institutions:

- Banco Santander Central Hispano (London ofi

- JP Morgan Chase $ Co. (London)
- Barclays Bank (London)
- Confederación Española de Cajas de Ahorros (London ofice)

ln the event hat one of the above instuions docs not supply quotes, the applicable rate shall
be the average of the rats declarod by at least two of the remaining institutions.

(v) Ine event hat te rates cannot be determined by the above mentioned procedures (1, (i), and
(ii), the applicable rate shall be that which was applicable for the previous Interest Accrual
Period.

The Sociedad Gestora will keep copy of REUTERS or TELERATES pages, or in ús case, the
supplied quotes of he institutions mentioned in par (si), as documentation old type of EURIBOR
established



DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
"comi cora dl Mead de Vols San Score Mond Cm "CN Jm Fs PP
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

Determination Date of the Reference Interest Rate and the Interest Rate of the Bonds: The
Determination Date for the Reference Interest Rate for cach accrual period will be the second
Business Day hetore the Payment Date which marks the star o! the coresponding acerual period. or
the first Interest Accrual Period h Reference Interest Rate will be determined on March st 2004.

¡Ones the Reference Interest Rate for the Bonds has been determined, and on the same Determination
Date, the Sociedad Gestora will caculate and determine for cach Series of Bond the applicable
interest ate fo he following acerual period.

Marin o be applied o the Interest Rate for cach one of the Series of Bonds:

"hc margin to be applied to the Interest Rate, determined in the previous paragraph, o calculat the
intere rate to be acerued during cach interes period by the A Bonds will be between 0.18% and
0.23% bob inclusivo.

"hc margin to be applied to the Interest Rate, determined in the previous paragraph, o calcuat the
intere rate to be acerued doring cach interes period by the E Bonds will be between 0.50% and
0.65% boat inclusivo.

"hc margin to be applied to the Interest Rate, determined in the previous paragraph, o calcuat the
interest rate to be accrued during cach interes peiod by he C Bonds will be between 1% and 1.20%
both inclusive.

"hc margin to be applied to the Interest Rate, determined in the previous paragraph, o calculat the
interest rte to be accrued during cach interes period by the D Bonds will be between 3% and 3.15%
both inclusive.

"Tenango e picó to e Bon prcentago vie docnc y arenoso Disc oe
im aC on Mar 120 al nt ro Bda fl os mal sn Sas
ta apodere ie lin

Formula to cululate the interes uf the Bonds: Interes accrued by the Bonds of all Seics foreach
“cerual period vil be calculated by the Sociedad Gestora according to th following formula:

Where:

y
Period.

is the Outstanding Balance of the Bond at the begiming of the Inrest Accrual

 = ist total amount of interes accrued by the Bond in the Interest Accrual Period

si = isihe Bond's interest rte on an annual basis calculated as the sum of the EURIBOR:
Reterence Rate of the respectivo Accrual Period plus the margin established,

mi = isthe mumber of days in he Accrual Period.



Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole fome de Si gus sn ers
"comi cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. “CN Fl 8, Tao
Enmarcar Sai Tama |

Example of interest calculaions for the A, B, C and D Bonds: the following margins ac assumed.

Reference EURIBOR 2.080%
Rounded EURIBOR 2.80%

Interest Rate.

A Bond Applicable rue 2080%% 2310%

B Bond Applicable rate 2080%% 26805

€ Bond Aplicable rate 2080%%. 3:180%

€ Bond Aplicable rate 2080%+ 580%

Number of days ofth Accrual Period: 90days

Principal in Euros on which o calculat he interests o he Accrual Period: 100.000.
Euros

Interests accruedby an A Bond: 100.000 x 90/60 x 23108 = 57750

Interests accrued by a B Bond: 100.000 X 90/60 x 2680 = 670.00

Interests accrued by a C Bond: 100.000 X 90/3860 x 3180 = 795.00

Interests accruedby a D Bond: 1O0000X 9360 x 580% = 1739500

Example of the calculaion o the Reference Rate for the fist Interest Acerual Period: as previousty
established, for the Relerence Rate for he fist Interest Accrual Period, we will tk an intepolation
ctwcen the 3 and month EURIBOR.

amor EURIBOR 200%

month EURIBOR 20000

Days ft fist mtrest period m

Reference Rat or th fist period 20895

Evolution of EURIBOR interest rates in past months: For informative purposes only, following are 3>
month EURIBOR rates appearing on the Reuters page EURIBOR=, on th indicated dates

"THREE-MONTH EURIBOR (EURIBOR= Reuters pago)



DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve (eS Ec Mar Cane “CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
tr oro dro pon nudo e Ne

1L102. — Dates, Place and Procedure for the Payment of Interest

Interest paymens on the Bonds of all Series will e made quarirly on March, June, September and
December 22nd of every year until he Bonds are completely amorised, ln hc case that one of such
days is nota Business Day in Madrid - as st by the Central Europcan Bank or the functioning of the
TARGET system expect those days that, even though a busines day according to TARGET, the
interest for the quarter will be paid on the following Business Day.

In the event that on a Payment Date, and despite de mechanisms established for the protection of the
gis of the Bondholder, the Available Resources (delined further on) are not suicien!to comply
with all of the payment obligaions of the Fund as specified in section V-42. of this Prospecta, the
“amount available for the payment of interest wall be distributed in accordance with th priority of
“locations established in such section. In th case that the Available Resources ae only sufiient to
comply pamially with obligatins with the same priority of allocation, independently for cxch one the
“amount available will be divided proportionstly among the Bonds affected in proportion with Ihir
Outstanding Balances. Th amount no reccived by Bondholders on such date will be deemed as
ending payment and will e paid on the following Payment Date in which such payment is possible,
vwithout accruing additional interest, Amownis due but not paid o the Bondholders will be paid on the
following Payment Date (f possible), with priority immediately before Ihe payments due to the
Bondholders of that same Seres, for hc corresponding period. The priority o alocatio of payments
is set out in section V-42, of this Prospects.

Withholding and otr taxes, as well as any taxes that may be imposod in the future on the capi
intere, or returns ol hc Bonds wil be the exclusive responsbiliy of the Bondholders and such
amounts vil be deducted, as appropriate, by the designated entity in tn form legally established.

Payment will be made through the Paying Agen (Banco Santander Ceniral Hispano), and distributed
úlcough the JBERCLEAR, or the enity that substitues land associated entiis.

¡o he Bonds.

ILILA. Redemption Price

Tac redempiion value of cach Bond will e 100.000 Euros, equivalent to its nominal value, fee of
expenses and taxes for the holder, to be paid progressively on every Payment Date asis established in
th following sections.

HL112. — Amortistion of the Bonds.

Tac amortiation OA, B, C and D Bonds will take place, on cach Payment Date, pro rata among the
Bonds of the Series to be amontised (in accordance with the following), through a reduction of the
nominal amount, until said nominal amount is completed, for an amount equal to the lowest of he
following amount


DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve (eS Ec Mar Cane “CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

(a) The positive difference on said Payment Date between the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the
Bonds (prior 0 the amontisation to take place on said Payment Date) and the Outstanding Nominal
Balance of the Non-defvulted Shares and Certificates af the last day of he month prior o th Payment
Date; and

(b) The Available Resources on said Payment Date, minus the amounts corresponding to th items
described in sections (1) rough (vi of section V-42. of this Prospects

Tas defuuted Mortgage Shares and Cenifcates (those with Loans with delayed payments equal or
above 12 months or declared defaulted by the Dowbxdul Quality Bank of Spain Circular 411991) vil
force the amorisation of the Bonds due to amortise, for an amoun equal to their Outstanding
Nominal Balance. For sad amortisaion the Available Resources of he Fund will be used, once all he
rior compromises on th priority order described in section V-42. have been met. ln the event that
here are no Available Resources to effect these payment, the corresponding amounts wi remain
outstanding until the following Payment Date.

“Amount reccived from the recovery of Defuulted Shares and Certificates will be addod to the
Available Resources of the Fund.

In the event of Early Liquidation of the Fund. according to section HLIO of this Prospects, Bonds
“amortiation ville in an only payment in the Liquidation Date o! th Fund

The amonisaion of E Bonds will begin once the A Bonds have been fully amomisod. The
amortiation of C Bonds will begin once the A and E Bonds have been fully amortiod. The
amorusation of the D Bonds will begin once the A, B and C Bonds have been fully amortised

ILILA, — Exccptional Rules for the Amortisation of the Bonds.

Nowwithstanding section IL11.2. above, A, B, C and D Bonds will be amortised pro rasa in proportion
to the Oststanding Nominal Balance of each Bond, withost the need for the previous Sercs to bo fally
amoricd, in hc amounisresuling from th application of (a) and (b) of secion ILIL2. above, and
'whenever here ae sulfciet resource to do so, in accordance wih section V.4.2. of this Prospcctus
and the diflcrence of section (a) above is equal to zero, when on a Payment Date, the credit
enhancement of the subordinated classes, hat is, the relationship betwcen the Ouistanding Nominal
Balance of the B, C and D Bonds joimiy, and ¡he Outstanding Nominal Balance of al the Bonds
represen twice the relationship betcen he Outstanding Nominal Balance of he B, C and D Bonds
jointly, and the Outstanding Nominal Balance of all hc Bonds on the date of the constitution of the
Fund

Tac amortsation o al Series of Bonds will esume the procedure of section ILI12. above, when on a
Payment Date, one of the following situations takes place:

(6) the Reserve Fund docs not cover the Minimum Level established in section V34, of this
Prospectus

(is) in the event tha the Sociedad Gestora docs not proceed to the carly liquidation of the Fund when
the Outstanding Nominal Balance af he Shares and Certictes ás below 106 of ts Initial Balance.

Addiionally, hc amortisation of cach Series on an individual basis vi
6) ccasetobeon a pro rata bass for Series B Bonds when the Outstanding Nominal Balance

of the nondefauted Shares and Cemifictes, vih non-payments above 90 days, s equal
or higher than 1.5% of the Outstanding Nominal Balance o all the Bonds on th date of

1


DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve (eS Ec Mar Cane “CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

cir constitution, This amortisation vil turn to the pro rata basis when the Outstanding
Nominal Balance of the non-defauted Shares and Cerúlicates, with non-payments above:
90 days falls again below 1.5% but higher than 1% of the Ouistanding Nominal Balance
fall the Bonds on the date of their constitution.

(io ccasetobeon a pro rata basis for Series C Bonds when the Outstanding Nominal Balance.
of the nondefauted Shares and Cenifictes, vih non-payments above 90 days, is equal
or highor han 1% of the Outstanding Nominal Balance of all the Bonds on the date of
cir constitution. This amortisation sil turn to the pro rata basis when ho Outstanding
Nominal Balance of the nondefauted Shares and Cerúlicates, with non-payments above:
90 days falls again below 15 of the Outstanding Nominal Balance o al the Bonds on the
date of bei constitution, therefore only A, B and C Bonds vil be ona pro rta basis

(li) — irrevesbly cease to he on a pro rata basis for Series D Bonds, when the Outstanding.
Nominal Balance of the non-<defauted Shares and Certificates, with non-payments above.
90 days, will equal or higher than 0.5% of the Outstanding Nominal Balance o all the
Bonds on the date o cir consttuion, therefore only A, B and C Bonds will he on a pro
ata basis

IL11A. — Maturity of the Bonds Isued

Amortisation af he Bonds vil! take place on the date on which they ae fully amortiscd or on he date
fte Liquidaion of he Fund.

"Tac lat regular amontisation date of he Mortgage Loans grouped in th securtised portíolio will be
December 12", 2033,

ILILS, — Examples of Amortisation of the Bonds Issued.

Whilst th Series of Bonds maintain  seguential subordinstio, on March 22nd, 2006 an amount of
principal of the Bonds af the A Series vil be amontised, This amontisaion will be cqual to th pro
rata distribution among cach Bond of the Available Resources and always in accordance with the
prioruy order established in section V.42, of Alis Prospecus. As a consequence, the following
reduction ol the nominal of every Bond of the A Series will take place; the amount will e equal to
the pro rata distribution among cach Bond of) he amount received by the Sellers since November
301, 2005 until February 28th, 2006, as principal of the Non-Defaulted Mortgage Share, in
accordance with the amortsation progra for the Morgage Loans, including the Technical Advance
received on said Payment Date: plus (1) the amount received by the Sellers as Loan Administrator,
from November 30xh, 2005 until February 28th, 2006, as pre-paid principal of the Non-Defauled
¡Shares and Cenilictes; plus the Ovstanding Nominal Balance o! the Share and Certificates declared
¿ctsulted from the last Payment Date. This amount shal e th equivalent of the amount described in
section a) of 1.12, of this Prospectus,

1 on March 2204, 2008, al the Seics of Bonds hegin to amortise pro rata, an amount of principal ol
the A, B,C and D Bonds vil be amortised, equal t the pro rata distribution among cach one ol them
of the Available Resources, and always in accordance with the priority order of payments established
in section V-42, af his Prospectus. As a consequenco, th following reduction f th nominal of cach
Series will take place, in an amount equal to the pro rata distribution among cach one of () the
“amount received by the Sellers, from November 301h, 2007, until February 280, 2008, for pricipal
of the nondefaulted Shares and Cenilicaes, following the amortisaion schedule of the Loans,
including the Technical Advance received on the Payment Date plus () the amount received by the
Sellers, as Loan Administators, from November 30h, 2007, until February 28th, 2008, for prepaid
“amortised principal ol to Shares and Cenificats: plus tbc Outstanding Nominal Balance of the

15



Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole fome de Si gus sn ers
"comi cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. “CN Fl 8, Tao
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

¡Shares and Comilictes declare defaulte from th last Payment Date. Ti
10 the amount described in section (a) of IL 1.2. of his Prospecta

amount il be equivalent

Publiciy regarding amounts to be paid and Entitics responsible for the Financial Service of the
Fund: Banco Santander Central Hispano will act as tbc Paying Agent. The paymen of interest and
principal will be announced in national newspapers or ihrough other channels generally accepted in
he market (ALAF, IBERCLEAR), which ensure the appropriate diffusio of the information, on a
timely and adequate basis

Dates of Notification of payments to be made by the Fund on each Payment Date vil e every:
December, March, June and September 201h of every year throughout the life ol the Fund, or the
Busines Day immediately prior in cas such dates ac not Business Days

Periodic information to be provided by the Fund is described in section HL.
112. Financial Service of he Fund

"The financial service uf the Bonds vil be cfíctod tough Zanco Santander Central Hispano, inson
“appointed as Financial Agent by vine of the Financial Sevice Contract entered into by Manco Santander.
Central Hispano and he Sociedad Gestora on behalf of the Fund, according to which al! payments to ho
made to Bondholdes by th Fund will be made through the Financial Agent. The Bondholdes will be
otficd ol payments of od principal and interes in nccondance wi and win th time speclid in
section ILLL4. fis Prospectus.

"The Average Life of he Bonds for diferent Rates of Prepayment (CPR), assuming Ihe hypatheses
described in section V.L of this Prospects, would be the following:



Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole fome de Si gus sn ers
"comi cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. “CN Fl 8, Tao
Enmarcar Sai Tama |

The Average Life o the Bonds has been calculated using th following formal:

Sion)
az
A

Were

AS Average Lie expressed in years.

Principal to be amorted on cach Payment Date
u= Months betucen te Closing Dat and cach Payment Dat,

= 1.0 Number of quarter (Payment Dates) in which Bamounts will be paid.
C= Total Amount of isue in Euros

Duration of the Bonds: Thc concept of duration, when applied o a fsed-income Bond, according to
Macaslay's commonly used definition, is a mesure of he sensitivity of he vale of th aser in relation
o the change of an index representative of yild obscrtcd in the market, ln shon, the duration is a
measure of he risk of a change in the value of the Bond as a conseguence of change in the yield of ds
market references, refe, this risk measure has a difcrot interpretation for variable rue bonds and
Fixed rate bond.

1 the Bonds (A, BC and D) isued by hc Fund TDA 19-MIXTO are considered as fixed rate securitic
for the ente lle of the Bond, with a quarerly cospon indicated in he following table, ts durions
resulting from the application of the modificd Macaulay formula, shown in ycass, corresponding to.
ponolio prepayment rats ol 5%, 10% y 156 would be:

Daration the Bonds (modified Macaulay formula)



DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve (eS Ec Mar Cane “CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
tr oro dro pon nudo e Ne

Were
D= Medic duration the Bonds shown in cars

Pa Yesrsbetwcen th Closing Dat and cach Payment Dat

Va, Present Valuc of cah of the amount that invetces will receive quarter, principal and
interes, discounted anmualy at he rte of rturm o he Bond (Yield)

PS Price one Issue, 100,000 Euros.
E Bond Vida

Nevercless, in relation it duration, it must be taken into account tha the AB, C and D Bonds issued
"oy th Fund TDA 19-MIXTO are variable at, and the consequences of his rc explained helow:

Daxing be periods between interest ae revision dates, th market price of a vaiable-rte Bond will vary
if market iros rats change. Neventcles, is price always approximates par on a revision date s, on
that date the cost of holding he Bond may be financed under market conditions similar, with respct to
be Bond, to those al the purchase date, Nevertheless, th price may not equal par on such date if eran
conditions and charactestics (markst reference, applicable margin, revision perñod, average He ol the
Bond, final amortisation of the Bond, et ta moment are value diferenly by he market (bete or
worse than the available investment alematives. With this exception, however, can be assumed hat
he price of variable interest rte Bond s par on ls interes rut revision datos

Asa consequence of the above, the duration fa variable-rte Bond must bchave in a manner similar o a
fixcdenate, zerocoopon Bond with maturty on he same dae as the interest ae revision dae of he
variable-ae Bond. Therefore, on a given dae, he approrimate duration ol A, B, C and D Bonds, with
period of revision of three months, can he assumed to be the remaining term untl the next interes ate

Tre value for duraion mentioned int above paragraph is the result of the application of the concept
defined by Macaulay, but taking into considration hat changes in market interest rats will modify the
Now of Bond payments (in favour of the Bondholder) which does not occur in the cae of fixedrate
Bonds.

"hc prepaymen ik of the Bond, hat is, th uncerun character of he amounts amortscd on cach date
of paymmen, vil afíct the duraion of the Bond in a very diferent manner depending on whether is
interes at is fixed or variable. While tbe fet is very important in the case ol a fixcd-ate Bond, in
vwbich case to duration is high dependent on th average life of the Bond, is notas important in the
case of a varable-rte Bond, since in this case the duration docs not depend on th average ie o the
Bond but ate am Uh remaining tem until th next modification of he interest ate.

ILA3 Net EsTective Interest Rate for the Bondholder (Yield).

"hc calculaion of the yield of he Bonds for the Holder must take into account the purchase date and
price of he Bor, he uastrly payment o he coupon and the amortsation payments in accordance with
be expected schedule

To illusrate, on the Closing Date, under the assumption of nominal interes at for ho Bonds listed in
tb following table, held constan fr the lif of he Fund and paid quantery, a price of cach Bond of
100% and using the table of hcoretcal amontisaon included in this same section, derived from the



application of prepayment assumption (10% constant) o he poníoli of Loans, he yield of the Bonds
orthe Holder would be he following:

“Vic formula used fort alculaton ise folowing:

N= 100.000 Euros, th nominal vals he Bond,
le Yieldexpressed aan annual at, in percent
dí Days between th Closing Date and coch Payment Date.

20 aio Total interest and principal amoumts to be reccivod by th investos on a
«quamery bai

1.1 Number of periods during which the amounis a, will be paid.



Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole fome de Si gus sn ers
"comi cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. “CN Fl 8, Tao
Enmarcar Sai Tama |

IMPORTANT NOTE FOR THE INVESTOR.

The information in tb following tables is provided for ilustaive pusposes only, and the stated
amount de not represent concrete payment obligatios by the Fund to third parti on the dates or
periods which hey refer. The Data have been calculated on the basis of assumed constan ats of
ctault and prepaymens; these rates would he expected o vary continuousiy during the life of the
Fund. Therefore any invesor who wishes to know the expected payment schedule on a paicular date
should request he peninent information from tbs insúutioss auboriscd to distribute 1 he Sociedad.
(Gestora. ALAF Markt and CNMV. This information 1 also avalble through the Underaiters and
ers active in the secondary mare. As stated in section IIS, of this Prospectus, the Sociedad.
“Gestora commit its to make this information available o the general pablic

20











DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve (eS Ec Mar Cane “CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
tr oro dro pon nudo e Ne

114. Effective Interest Rate Expected for the Fund.

The foco interes rate has beon calculated employing th same formula usod for the calculaion of the
ic or he Bondholders, adding the nal and perdi: costs o he Fund o hc Move of payments which
e Fund makes to the Bondholdes, in accordance with th information containod in he table in section

Vo. of his Prospectus.

Commisions to the Underwxiers for the Issue of the Bonds, 693.700 Euros il be charged to the Fund
as consttnion expenses

"he Sociedad Gestora vil pay the following expenses derived from the Constiuion of the Fund: Feesto.
te Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores, admission focs to the ALAF Market, IBERCLEAR fees,
expenses duc to the Rating Agencies, notary public, legal advisors” expenses, public and priing
expenses and the expenses deve from th audi ol th Loans.

Espenses resulting from the liquidlain o e Fund will alo e charged to hc Fund,

The clicive interest rate expected fr he Fund, under hc hypotheses stated in section V.L1. and with
an assumed CPR ol 10% vil be 236%

LAS. Special Guarantees on the Mortgage Share Certificates and the Mortgage Transfer
Certificates.

The ent taking part in the operation do no grant special guaratces on the Shares and Comificates
groupe in the Fund nor on lc secuiis issued, exept the commitment of he Selles to proceed to the
replacement, or repurchase f replacement is not possible, ol the Shares and Cerúficats which present,
“lle the Dale of Constution, Inancial or legal characteristics not consists with Chapi 1V of dis
Prospects. This commitment s described in section IV.L this Prospecta.

1L16. Trans of the Bonds.

"hc Bonds cun be frcly transorred by any legal means. Accounting transfer shall transit the to of
ach Bond, The recording in he accounting register ol the trans in favour ol the buyer shall be decmed
o have the same efect as hc delivery of the tl and, from that moment, such transfer will e cfective
visi tir panic, In is sense, th pay that may acquire by purchase the Bonds represented as book
entries from a person tal, s regards th entries in he accounis egisty, appears o e Lawfuiliy ete to
transfer them, shall ot be subject to any sor ol recovery claim unless such party actod in bad fit or
vih ross negligence tt time ol acquiion

1L17. Admission to Listing.

"hc Sociedad Gestora vil, following the Closing Dat, immedisely reques the listing o he isue in the
ALAF fixed income mark, an organied, secondary securtics market, created by the Asociación de
Insermediaris de Activos Financieros. The listing of he issue in the ALAF Markt is expected o be
completed in the 30 days following ihe Closing Date, once he necessary authorisations have been
grand

The Sociedad Gestora hereby declare that the requisis and conditions reguied for the admision.
úpemmanence and exclusion ol scurtics in the ALAF fixed incomo mart in accordance with current
legilaion, and the requirements of is rling body are known: the Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of ho
Fund vil undenake cir compliance.

as



DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve (eS Ec Mar Cane “CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

Inc vent that he period of admision o listing is delayed beyond he stated dat, ts Sociedad Gestora

vnderakes to publi in a newspaper of national difusion, the reasons why th delay occued together
wit do expected new date ol he admission of he Bonds to listing: without prejuics to the eventual

responsibility ofhe Sociedad Gestora in such delay.

Furthcmore, Sociedad Gestora will request he inclusion f he Bonds in IBERCLEAR, or th entity
which substitute ts tt th compensaio and liquidaton of sid Bonds is tfcte in accordance with
be ales that regulated securis included in the ALAF fixed income market, and are represented as
establishad book entres or approved in he future by the IBERCLEAR.

IL18. Applications to Subscribe or Purchase Bonds.

“As a result af the principal characteristics of the issue, nominal value of the Bonds and placement
System distribution and transfer cir purchase is rientd to institutional investors

(Once the isue has been emtrely placed and the Bonds are listed in the organised ALAF Market, the
purchase of the Bonds will be possible through this market, in accordance wi ls usual practices

Etftecis of the Subscription for the Bondholders: The subscription fr he Bonds implics acceptance
y cach Bondholder of the terms of the Fund Regulations.

IL182. Legal Consideration of the Bonds to be Issued

Tas Bonds isucd by the Fund have the following legal consideation for the purpose of subscription
"oy cenaininvestors:

(6) in accordance wilh Royal Decrec 2345/1996, of November $', and the Bank of Spain's
eircular of November 27", 1998, Sociedades de Garantía Recíproca can purchase the Bonds;

(i) in accordance with Royal Decrec 2486/1998, of November 20", the Bonds to be isucd by the
Fund can be purchased by underwiting insitutions in compliance with tir obligatons of
technical provsions:

(Gin accordance widh Royal Decre 1307/1988, of September 30", e Bonds ar suítabl or
purchase by pension funds:

(Y) and in accordance with Royal Decree 1303/1990, of November 2", the Bonds may be

purchased by Instituciones de Inversión Colectiva it the limitatios Se out by the specii
les o cach type of und

IL184, Period of Subscription for the Bonds.

Tac subscription period shall commence on March 2, 2004 at 10 am and will end on the Closing Date
(March 3,2004) at 10:00 am.

IL184, Applications to Subscribe for the Bonds.
The Underwiter, in accordance with the nature of the issue and the common practice of these
markets, will place ihe underwriten bonds discrtionary, in accordance with the Underwrting

Contract between the Sociedad Gestora and the Underunitcrs; they will also make sure no

2


Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole fome de Si gus sn ers
"comi cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. “CN Fl 8, Tao
Enmarcar Sai Tama |

discriminatory rcatment occurs among petiions wilh similar characteristics, nevenbheless, the
undernriting entes will be entilcd to grant pririis to those petition from thcir client Ahey
consider convenient.

1118. Form and Date of Payment.

(On the Closing Date, cach Underwrtr will pay to the account of the Fund TDA 19-MIXTO ut he
Banco Santander Central Hispano, value ta day, the amount due in respect of the Bonds it has
ú“nderwriten. The Placement Director will urge the Undenwriters o comply with such commitment.

Investors who have been alloted the Bonds must pay the Underwriters prior to 10:00 am (Madrid
time) on the Closing Date, value that day, the corresponding issue price for cach Bond alle

"Tae Closing Date will be March 3,2004,

1L18.6 Form and Terms of Delivery of the Bonds to the Subscribers.

The subscribcrs muy request a written verfiation of the transfer of ownership of the Bonds
subscribe from the Underwriter through which hey have made the purchase, without prejudic to the
fact that the owncrship of the Bonds will be reconded in hc accounting register of the Bonds, as the
Bond are represented in bookcenty form.

1119. Placement and Allotment of the Bonds.

The present issue of Bonds is made up of two ranchos

1. Domestic Tranche: 7.23% of the total nominal of the Bonds, that is, 440 Bonds fora nominal amount
44.000.000 Euros

International Tranche: 92.67% of he total nominal of he Bonds, that i, 5.560 Bonds fora nominal
amount of 556,000.00 Euros

Tre division in Señesás as follows

1L19.1.Placement Ent

Tas entitics included in this table have underakn with the Sociedad Gestora to subscribe, direc or
indirccly on behal! of others, the ete Bond Issue with charge to the Fund, in the terms established
in th Bond Subscripion and Underwriting Contract

a



Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole fome de Si gus sn ers
"comi cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. “CN Fl 8, Tao
Enmarcar Sai Tama |

totcnaions 112 MENOS METAS MOE SCT IATA MVE INE MET

1119.2. Placement Directors.

Placement Co-Director: Bar Stearns Intemational Ltd. A reproduction of the signed declaraion by
the persons with suffciet representalion follows:

'D. Michel Péreté, in name and representation of Bea Stearns International Ltd. vith is registered
úffice in One Canada Square London E14 SAD, is appropritely empowered to such effect, and in
relation to the constitution ol the Fund TDA 19-MIXTO, Fondo de Tinización de Activos, in
“accordance with section 20 of Royal Decrec 291/1992, of March 27*, regarding issues and public
fer ol securitics, modilied by Royal Decres 2590/98, ol December 7

DECLARES

"hat sl the necessary verfictions of the quality and the quantity of the information contained in the
rospectus have bocn made.

"That, in accordance with such veificaions there are no cicumstances that contradit or alter such

information, and that said information does not omit any facts or significa data that may he of
relevance lo the investor.

"That this declaration docs not include or refer o Ahe data subject of the audited accounts report
included in this Prospectus, fr he selected mortgage loans.

Signed in London, on February 12%, 2004".

Placement Co-Director: Sociedad Española de Negocios Probanca, SA. (EBN Banco). A
reproduction o the signed declarion by the persons with suffcietrepresentation follows:

Probanca, SA. (EBN Banco), wi is registre olle in Almagro, 46, Madrid, is appropialy
mpoweted to such et and in relation o the conto of th Fund TDA 19-MIXTO, Fondo de
Tlización de Activos, and hc isc ol secu for a amunt 600.000 000 Euro, in accordance
with section 20 of Royal Decre 291/1992, 1 March 27%, regarding issues and publi otr ol
curs, modifica by Royal Decre 25908, December 7%.

DECLARES

a


Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole fome de Si gus sn ers
"comi cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. “CN Fl 8, Tao
Enmarcar Sai Tama |

That all the necossary vrificaions of he quality and the quantity of he information contained in the
Prospectus have been made.

That, in accordance with such verifications, there are no circumtances that contradice or alter such
information, and that said information does not omit any facts or significa data that may he of
relevance to the investor.

That this declaraion does not include or refer to the data subject of the audited accounts report
included in this Prospectus, fr he selected mortgage loans.

Signed in Madrid, on February 16", 2004".

Placement Co-diretor: Cajamar. A reproduction of the signed declarations by the persons with
suffciet representan follows:

=D. Ángel Lola Sudrez, in representan f Caja Rural Inermediersanea ws register ofice
in Almería. Plaza de Barcelona 1, is appropialy empowcred to such efi, in relation to the
constitution of Fund TDA 19-MIXTO, Fondo de Titulización Hipotecaria, and he iu ol secu,
for an amount o 600.000.000 Euros nd in accordance with section 20 o Royal Decre 291/1992,04
March 27" regarding isues ad public ollr ol securiis, modiied by Royal Decres 259098, ol
December”,

DECLARES

That all the necossary vrificaions of he quality and the quantity of he information contained in the
Prospectus have been made.

That, in accordance with such verifications, there are no circumtances that contradice or alter such
information, and that said information does not omit any facts or significa data that may he of
relevance to the investor.

Signed in Almería on February 15", 2004

Placement Coxdirecio: Caita Tarragona. A reproduction of th signed declaratios by the persons
with sufiient representaion follows

“D. JosepReymer Serra and D. Pere García Hom, in epresentation of Caixa d'Estalvs de Tarragona
with ls registered office at Tarragona, plaza de la Imperial Tarraco, número 6; is approptately
empowered to such clfcct in relation to the Consttnion of Fund TDA 19-MIXTO. Fondo de
Titulización Hipotecaria, and the isue of securitis, for an amount of 600.000.000 Euros, and in
accordance with section 20 of Royal Decrec 291/1992, of March 27", regarding issues and public
fer ol securitis, modified by Royal Decres 2590/98, 0! December 78

DECLARES

That all the necossary verificaions of he quality and the quantity of he information contained in the
Prospectus have been made.

That, in accordance with such verifications, there are no circumtances that contradice or alter such
information, and that said information does not omit any facts or significa data that may he of
relevance lo the investor.

Signed in Taragona on February 17*, 2004".

»


Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole fome de Si gus sn ers
"comi cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. “CN Fl 8, Tao
Enmarcar Sai Tama |

IL194, Underwriting of the Issue.

The Sociedad Gestora wil, on behalf of the Fund and prior to lts consttuion, enter ino a
Subscription and Undervsiting Contract with the Underwitins Ent, by which they are bound to
“subscribe orto secure, under cir esponsbiliy,subscrbers for the Bonds, in hc amownis mentioned
in section IL19.1.joily, and cach of the instsutions shall bo, therefore, responsible for th amount
respectively underwriuen. The placement of the Bonds will be carried out throughout he Subscription
Period. Each Underwrier will make such placement, and the location underwiten by vie of the
Contract of Subscription and Undervrting, on a free and discretionary basis avoiding discriminatory
treatment among the pettions with similar characteristics; neverheles, the Undenvriters may grant
riores to those petilions th consider convenient

Absence of confirmation prior to the beginning af the Subscription Period of he provisional ratings
assigned to the Bonds by the Rating Agencies will constitute sufficient grounds to cancel the
constitution of hc Fund and the Issue of the Bonds.

On the Closing Date, prior to 11:00 am (Madrid time), cach Underwrter will discharge the
subscription oblgstions undertaken thrcby by means of payment of the corresponding amount due to
the account of the Fund at he Banco Santander Central Hispano, value hat day.

As a consideraion for he obligations underiaken by the Underwriers, they will recive an
underwriting and placement fec, which is included in the initial expenses of the Fund. Each
Underwriter of the Bonds will receive, for cach Bond, a fee of the percentage included in the
following table of 1he nominal amount undenvriten by cach one, by vine ol the Underwriting
Contract:

11194, Pro Rata Assignment.
Not applicable.

1120. Form and Term of the

st Recording.

"The Bonds, secuiis represented as book entric, will be constitud us such by vine of tir inscipio
in ir corrsponding accounting record, in accordance with Royal Decre 116/1992, and ls, following
be usual procedures and terms of the entity charged with the clcaig and liquiation ol the Bonds.
IBERCLEAR, or the entity ehh subtes

IL21. Applicable Spanish Law and Competent Courts in Case of Legal Proceedings.

“IDA 19-MIXTO, Fondo de Tilizaciónde Activos" is established pusuan o Royal Decree 9261998,
of July 14%. Te Fund TDA 19-MIXTO is regulated in accordance wilh (1) the Fund Regulaions,
Royal Decree 926/1998 and any subsequent regulations, (ii) Law 19/1992, of July 7% Régimen de
Soctedades y Fondos de Inversión Inmobiliaria y Fondos de Tlización Hipotecaria, tegading aspects
ot regulated by Royal Dectee 926/198 when applicable, v) Law 24/1998, of July 28* Mercado de

30



DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve (eS Ec Mar Cane “CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

Valores in is current wording, regarding supervision, inspection and sancion and (v) any other legal
disposi current at cach moment.

Any dispute related to the Fund which may arise during is operation or at the me of ts liquidacion,
"bebe betwen the Bondholders or between Abem and th Sociedad Gestora, will be subject to the
jursdiction of the Spanish Cours and Teibunals, th partes having waved any her forum tar might
omespond,

1122. Taxation on the Returns Derived from the Bonds.

A brief extract oh applicable fiscal regime for investment derived from Abe present of is provided, to
“which eflct only the curent sat legisaion and ho general aspects which could afec the Investors
must be taken into account he investors must consider sl thcir possible special ax circumstances and
te rules of application f he teitr together with the cuen lezislaion a e moment of subscription
and the relevant ax returns. Investors must take into account, ls, the obligaions derived from the
application of Directivo 200/48/CE, June 3rd, in relation to th taxaion ol the retums in th form of
interes payment.

a). Individuals or Corporations Resident in Spain

1. Impuesto sobre la Renta delas Personas Fisicas

"hc returns obtained by Bondholdes subjcc, as tax payers, to the Impuesto Sobre la Renta de las
Personas Físicas, n relation t interest and alo to the transfer, refund or amortisation of such interest,
hall be considered as income on investments arisng from the assignment of personal coptal to third
pass a described in article 23.2. ol Law 40/1998, ol December 9%, of the Impuesto Sobre la Renta de
las Personas Físicas y Otras Normas Tributarias.

In hs exento sale or reimbursemen, the etur will o calculated s the diferen between the value of
be sale, minus the related expenses, and the price of purchase, adding the reuted expenses, This return
vil e reduced in 40Se if the generation period is above 2 years.

Aforesaid incomes will be subject o wihoding on account o he IRPF of ls beneficiry in accordance
“vita Royal Dectee 214/1999, of February", by which the Rules of th Impuesto sobre la Renta delas
Personas Físicas is approved with regards to witiholding and prepaid tax. With regards 10 the
Reglamento, th following must be noted:

— Capital income derived from the transfer to hi panics af private capital ds subject, in general, o a
15% witabolding rt.

=  Neverteles, here is no obligation to wilhhold the income derived rom hs transfer or refund of the
Financial assts with an explicit income that comply with the following requists asi etablihd in
isis:

1. They must be represented as book enrs

2. They must be negoristed in Spanish oficial secondary mark

— The portion of th price, equivalent to interest accrued in ho sale of financial assts underuken
win the 30 days immediately prior to the mature of the coupon will sube to wihholdin in

tie allowing circumstances:

1. The purchases  nomesiden person or enisy in Spain or not afectod by he Impuesto de
Sociedades.

a



DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
"comi cora dl Mead de Vols San Score Mond Cm "CN Jm Fs PP
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

2. The income derived expli from th secuits transfer is cxempt rom th obligation o
*vihold in relation vá purbaser

2. Impuesto sobre Sociedades.

Bond income obtained by entiis subject to the Impuesto Sobre Sociedades vill apply the tax base of
sti tar established by Tilo 4 of Law 43/1995, of December 27", oPthe Impuesto Sobre Sociedades.

Alorementioned income will be subject to a wilibolding ol he Impuesto sobre Sociedades of a
percivr in scondane with Chapter 2 of Ti 4 ol Royal Decre 537/1997 af April 14*, by which he
Kale fe Impuesto sobre Sociedades re approved. These Rules among ches sali lu income
from financial ace vil he cxcluded from viioldin, when they comply with following —as is
establlacd in is isc and in accondace wi procedure cstabliahod by the Ministerial Order ol
December 22%, 1999 208 0291299)

1-They must bo represented as book entres.
2. They must be negoristed in Spanish oficial secondary mark
»). Individual or Corporations Not Resident in Spain

Income obtained by Bondholders subjet, as tax payers, o the Impuesto sobre la Rena de no Residentes,
"oh fr interest ad als for transfer, refund or amorisation of such interes wil be considered income
obtained in Span, with or without permannt establishment, in accordance to article 11 of Law 41/1998,
of December, 0 he Impuesto sobre la Rena de no Residentes y Normas Tribuarias.

1. Income obtained through permanent establishment

Bond income obtained through a permanent establishment in Spain will tancd in accordance with he
les of Chapter 3 of the aforementioned Law 41/1998, without prejudice to what is established in the
Treatls signed with Spain o avoid double taxaton, which can determino the corresponding income or
be spplication of reduced rate. That income vil fce from withbolding of the Impuesto obre la Renta
de no Residentes in the sam stations and conditions which have been mentioned for ax payers subject
to he Impueto sobre Sociedades resident in Spain.

2. Income obsined through no permanent establishment

Bond income obtained by persons or entiics no residen in Spuin and which function, t such ec,
vwibout permanent establishment, ill be taxed in accordance to ts rules in Chapter 4 of Law 41/1998.
df which tn following can be bighliged without prejudice to the Tresics to avoid double taxon
<igned with Spuin which can determino tt the coresponding income are not labl fr tar determine
th application of rduced rates

The tax bas vil be appicd to tc total amount of th income obtained, calculated in accordance with
eres of Law 40/1998, In his case, those reduction established by sud Law will ot be applicable, ln
he case ola transfer, refund or amortisañon, expenses rest to the purchase and transfer, suficienly
justa, will taken into account foro caculaion of the income. Taxation wil take place separatey
for cach otal or pata income accrud subject o tx vihout any possible compensation between said

The tx vil be calculated appling he normal rate of 15% tot previos tax base

- Said income vil be subject to wilbolding of the Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes, except in
hos cases in which be payment o he Impuesto or exempion of such Impuesto credit,

»



DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
"comi cora dl Mead de Vols San Score Mond Cm "CN Jm Fs PP
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

Tie amount be vil vil e equal to the Impuesto be paid in acordance with th above cier.

Income obtained from the collection o imeest or from the sale, amortisation or refund of the Bonds
elatd tots isue, by persons or emlics hat are not residen in Spain, and which funcion. to such
lc wow! permanent establishment, will e exemp fh benefician is a sesident ola member state
fe Esropcan Union or has a permanent establishment in a member stat the European Union

FEgquall, income derived fom the trastero sud shares in Spanish oficial secondary markets obtained
"y noneresidet persons or eniics without the intermediaon of permanent establishment n Spain, vall
also be exempa. Said non:sesdent persons or enitcs must reside in a sae, which has subsenbcd with
Spain a Treaty o avd double taxation with an exchange of information cause

In no case will he cxemption mentioned in th previous paragraph be applicable when th income is
bisined rough cosmirics or states hat ae considered ofíshore banking centres

Exclusion of said incomes' withokding vil be subject to the procedure stablishod by the Ministry ol
Economía y Hacienda, cunentiy that established in Orden del Ministerio de Economia y Hacienda ol
April 13", 2000.

Income obtained from the rcimbursement or sale of the Bonds by non-esidens without permanent
establishment, will be cxcluded from wihholding, without prejuice to th tax obigtion applicable,
tb following lake place:

1-They must bo represented as book entres.
2. They must be negoristed in Spanish oficial secondary mark

ln any ext, he pymes of he gros coupon by Uh Payment Agen will e sube to aplicable
lego a any moment. Speciicall tre ls a cuen special procedure. approved by e Orden del
Maisto de Economía y Hacienda ol Apl 13%, 200, regarding Us procedure to make cllcine
*vihbckdigs o noncresidents vih tb tax rt fr ac cusco excade wibbolding, when during the
payment procedure financial cnúlcs regisced in Spin take par, cies ut ae deposito or
“émiistrator he payment o id bonds yicds

In accordance vito his al, a hc timo of puymnnt o e conpon, the Fund will wild the general ax
te ol the Impuestos sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas and be Impueso sobre Sociedades
(curenty 15%) and vil transtor the liquid amount to the entitis that are depositos, Those eniics
which creci, following established procedure, the right of application of reduced rates or the cxemption
from witholding for cir clients vil recive, immediately, for thcir payment he amount sil in

+) Indirect taxes om the Transfer of he Bonds

The transfer of secuis is cxempt from the Impuesto sobre Transmisiones Patrimoniales y Actos
Jurídicas Documentados ad rom the Impuesto sobre el Valor Añadido (VAT)

4). Impuesto de Patrimonio (Wealth Tax)

Holders oh Bonds on December 31" of each year that are subject to personal income tax il include
te Bond, for ihcir nominal value in the Wealh Tax declarion in which they will be taxed in
“accordance with general regulations ln he cvent hat the aforementioncd values ax negotited in an
rganised musket —us is expected in his case calculated bj the average negotaion vale of the fourth
quarter of each year


DE rEPaai o olor Ei ee mel Tenia detal len ines en cd vo
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve (eS Ec Mar Cane “CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

Noneresidents who ar tx paycrs by real obligan vil also be obliged to compl with he Wealth Tx
for the nominal value of the Bonds, with the exception of thu established in he Treaics o avoid double
vaxation, Nevereless, resident ol or member sutes of the European Union will be exempt the
income from tir bonds is cxempt from personal income tax as has been mentioned above.

+). Impuesto sobre Sucesiones (Succession Tax)
Transfer of Bonds das to death or donation in favor of individuals is subject 1o the general rules of the
Impuesto sabre Sucesiones y Donaciones. In ihose cases in which he bencficuy is an institution, the

income obtained will be tax in accordance with ho rules ol he Inpuesto sabre Sociedades or the
Impuesto sobre la Rena de No Residenes according t cach cos.

1123. Purpose of the Operation.

The amount of the isue of Bonds is entire destine to the subscrpaon of Mortgage Share Cemificates
and Mortgage Tansler Conificatos

1124. Secondary Contracting.

There are no commitments wi ny eniy to guaranes the liquidiy of the Bonds in ho secondary
mar

ol he Establishment
of the Fund, or in Any Relevant Information Contained in the Prospectas.

1125.1. Enumeration of the persons.

Beas Stearns International Limited and Tiuización de Activos, SGFT, S.A, which will ctas Sociedad
(Gestora, have arranged the financial structure ol th operation.

Cajamar and Caixa Tarragona are he Sellers of the assts grouped in the Fund.

Cajamar and Caiza Tarragona, Bcar Sicarns International Lid. And EBN Banco, actas Placement
Co- Directors of the issue of the Bonds.

Bear Stearns International La, EBN Banco, Caixa Tarragona and DZ Bank actas underweters o he
Bonds.

Garrigues, Abogados y Asesores Tributarios has provided the legal advice for he operation
Banco Santander Central Hispano will act as Payment Agent and Custodian.
Fest de Young actas auditrs oa series of atributos of the assets he Fund.

11252, Declarations ol the Issuer

Tiulización e Activos, SGET, $... declures itself to be unaware of the existence of any sort of legal.
family or economic link whatsoever among the entitc taking part in the Fund, and betwcen the
former and the holders of he louns incorporated in the Shares and Certificates acquired by the Fund,
except the indirect participation of the Placement Directors Bicar Stcarms International. Limited
(ehrough Bear Stcarns Spanish Sccuritization Corporation shared in 100%) and Sociedad Española de
Banca de Negocios Probanca, S.A. (EBN Banco) in he harcholding of the Sociedad Gestora.

s


Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole fome de Si gus sn ers
"comi cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. “CN Fl 8, Tao
Enmarcar Sai Tama |

11253, Declaration of the Sellers

D. Ángel Lirola Suárez. on behalf of Cajamar 30d D. Josep Reymer Serra snd Lluís Bordás Beat.
on behallof Catva Tarragona, declare:

= that the decaratins in respect of Mortgage Loans and Mortgage Transfer Cenifiats included in
section IV-A. of his Prospectas, are tru

- that those declarations will he guaranteed to the Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the Fund, in the
Fund Regulations.

- tha ll the necessary verifications to establish he quality and quantty of the information contained
in his Prospectus in relation to the mortgage loans portíolo selected, in is majority sold to the Fund,
constituting the Mortgage Loans object ol this issue of Mortgage Share Cenificates and Monago
TransterCentficates

- that as a conseguence of said verfications, there are no cicumstances that contadic or aer such
information and tha the information does not omit significant fucts or data that may be of relevance to
the investor.

¡Said declaations contained in letters from cach issuing emtity are includod in his Prospectus in Annex
7

3



DE rEPaa io alo Ei e mel Fenil detal ie lemas el od pe
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve eS Ec Mar Cane "CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

CHAPTER HL

GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE FUND TDA 19-
MIXTO

HL Legal Information and Purpose of the Creation of the Fund.

DA 19-MIXTO, Fondo de Tilización de Activos is regulated hy Royal Deeree 926/1998, ol July 14
The Fund TDA 19-MIXTO is regulated in agreement vit (5) he Fund Regulaons, 1) Royal Dectee
926/1998 and sabxequentdisposiions, Law 19/1992 of July 7”. (Régimen de Sociedades y Fondos
de Inversión Inmobiliaria y sobre Fondos de Tiulización Hipotecaria), in hose aspei not covered by
Royal Decree 926/1998 when applicable, (v) Law 24/1998, of July 28", (Mercado de Valores, in ts
unen wording) in espec to supervision. inspection and sactio and, (1) any onber legal disposiions
«arena cch time when applicable.

Tre sole purpose of he Fund is he transformation of a group of Mortgage Loans through Shares and
Certificates acquired from credit instutions into fixed rate Securitic, homogencous, standardised, and
susceptible of being negotistd in organised security markets

HIL2 Name, Establishment and Inscríption ol the Fund.

A prerequisi fr th establishment of the Fund and the sue of th Bonds ss regisraon in the
Official Register of the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores, pursuant to aricle 5 (3) of Royal
Decre 926/1998, of May 14.

¡Once the Prospectus has hn registered a he Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores, and before
te opening o! the Subscription Period he Sociedad Gestora, together with the Sellers ol hc Shares and
Cestfiats to be grouped in he Fund, will proceed to the ctublihment of the Fund Regulations under
le erms st outin Royal Dese 9261998,

The Regulations vil comply with ale 6 of Law 24/1988 and vil, threfor, be tbc Decd of issue of
e Bonds and the Decd containing th epresetaion the Bonds s book entries

"hc Regulation, pusuant to anicle (4) of Royal Decrec 926/1998, wi not be subject to recording in
te Commercial Register.

HIL3_ Management and Representation of the Fund and the Bondholders
HIL3A. — Functions and Responsibilitis of the Sociedad Gestora.

:TDA 19-MIXTO, Fondo de Tilización de Activos" has been urranged by "Ziulización de Activos,
SGET, S.A. as Sociedad Gestora cmpowered to such efi and, therefore, to administe and legally
represent he Fund TDA 19-MIXTO, in accordance with th provisions of Royal Decree 926/1998, 01
May 14%, by which Fondos de Tiuización de Activos y las Sociedades Gestoras de Fondos de
Tiulización ae egulated,

Tas Sociedad Gestora, as manager of hird-pany business, will represent and defend the interests of
the Bondholders

3


Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole foma de y Si uso on eotrdv
"comio Nc dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Cro. “CN Fl NT
Enmarcar Sai Tama |

Bondholders will have no lega rocourse against he Sociedad Gestora except he Sociedad Gestora
is in breach of ts obligations or des not follow the Fund Regulations, this Prospectus o applicable
lane

Tas Sociedad Gestora váll in panicula, be responsible for

6) ensuring that the amount of Uhe payments efectvely received by the Fund corresponds to the
“mount contractually due to th Fund, in accordance with he relevant contacts from which
such payment asc. necessary, the Sociedad Gestora will exercise all judicial and extra
judicial actions necessary or convenient to enforce and protec th rights ol he Fund and tho
Bondholders

6) applying any amount received by the Fund to the payment of the obligations there, in
“accordance with the Fund Regulations and this Prospoctas

(Gi) extending or modifying any contract entered into on behalf of the Fund and necessary to ls
operation, in accordance wih the provision of the Fund Regulations, bis Prospectus and
“applicable law at cach moment. Al o! the previous wihout prejudico tots notification lo the
Rating Agencies, the CNMV and whenver the interests of the Bondholders are not
egatvely afcted.

(Y) replacing all pares rendering services to the Fund, in accordance wih the Fund Regulations
“and this Prospectus, provided hat this is permited by applicable law hat prior authorisaion
from the relevant authorities is obtained 1f necessary, that notice ls given to the Rating
Agencies, and that th interests of the Bondholders are not impaied. In parcular in ho
event of breach of the duties of the Sellers of the Mortgage Lomns, he Sociedad Gestora will
take all measures necessary to obtain an adequate sevicing of the Loans

(0) giving all necessary instructions to the Financial Agen in relation 0 the Fund's Account, the
Transier Account and to the Sellers with Rating, in rlaion to the Reinvestment Accounts

(vi) giving all necessary instructions to he Financial Agent in relation o the payments o be made
do the Bondholdere and 4 necessary, o all other entitic to which such payments should be
made.

(vi) determining and cffcting the payments in relations to he principal and interes of the Loans
(nitial Expenses Loan, Subordinated Loan and Participativo Loan)

(vi appointing and, áf necessary, replacing the Auditor with the prior auhorisarion of the
Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores

(6%) preparing and submiting to he relevant bodies all documents and information hat must be
“submitted in accordance with applicable law, to the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de
Valores and to hc Bondholder

6%) taking the appropriate decisions in relation 10 the liquidaion of the Fund, including the
decision of carl liquidaion, in accordance with hc Fund Regulations and this Prospectus.

(ui) determining the applicable interest rate of cach Series of Bonds for cach Interest Acerual
Period,

(xi) determining the Net Amount of the Swap Contract

El



Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole foma de y Si uso on eotrdv
"comio Nc dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Cro. “CN Fl NT
Enmarcar Sai Tama |

Tas Sociedad Gestora will make available 10 the public all documents and information necessary
pursuant to the Regulations and this Prospecta.

HIL32. — Payment o the Sociedad Gestora

In compensation for 4s management service, the Sociedad Gestora will eccive, on cach Payment
Date, 4 management remuneration which will accrue quarerly, equal to a fised amount of 10.000
Esos plus 1/4 0.0380%% of the Outstanding Balance f he Shares and Cenifictes on the previous
Payment Date. Such commission will be understod in ross terms, including, therefore, any direc or
indirect tax or withholding that may be applicable therco. The fixed amount will be setlod at the
beginning ol cach calendar year in accordance with the General Consumer Price Index published by
he National Statistical Instit or the etty which replaces it

IIA Net Worth of the Fund

"hc Pund has been designed in such a way that lts net worth is il, in accordance with article 5 (1) of
Law 19/1992, ol July 7, (Régimen de Sociedades y Fondos de Inversión Inmobiliaria y sobre Fondos
de Titulización Hipotecaria) and ancle 1 (2) of Royal Decrec 926/1998, of May 141.

2) Upomitscreation

Asset

6) Tenominal amount of the Shares and Cerúfiats subscrbed:

Gi) Tie initial expenses paid.

(Gi) Te balance ofihe Fund's Account

Liabiliis:

6) Tie nominal amount of the Bonds issued:

(Gi) Tie amount of hc Initial Expenses Loan and the Participativo Loan

b) — Duringthe Life ofthe Fund:

Asset

(6) The Outstanding Nominal Balance he Shares and Centiicates;

(Gi) "Tie acerued and not yet collected principal and interes he Shares and Centiicates;

(Gi) "The unamortied initial expenses;

(Y) The resources invested in the Fund's Account and the Transfer Account at the Financial

Agent and ts coresponding accrucd interests, and in ts cos, the resources invested at the
Reinvestment Accounts and their corresponding accrued interests.

(0) Initscase, the Liquidative Payment of he Swap Contract

e



DE rEPaa io alo Ei e mel Fenil detal ie lemas el od pe
"comio Nora dl Mead de Vols San Secre Men Coon “CN Fs 8. Pale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
tr oro dro pon nudo e Ne

Liabiliis:

6) Te outstanding balance of he Bonds:

(Gi) The outstanding balance of he Initial Expenses Loan, Subordinate Loan and th Participativo
Loan:

(Gi) "Tie acerued and not yet paid principal, interest, commissions and other expenses.
(Y) The gross Technical Advance recived,
(0) The acerued and not yet paid variable remuneration of the Participativo Loan

(0 Enitscase, ti Liquidative Payment of he Swap Contract
HILAL. Description of the Assets of the Fund

Tas main assts ol the Fund comprise the Mortgage Share Comificates and the Mortgage Transfer
Cericates grouped thercin. Detailed information on the Montage Share Cerificates can be found in
Chapter IV of ts Prospectus.

HILA2. — Description of the Liabilitis of the Fund

From the date of he creation of he Fund and throughout ls lie, tho labs of ho Fund comprise
e Bonds issued with charge to the Fund, described in Chapter 1, the Loans (Initial Expenses Loan,
Subordinated Loan and Participativo Loan) obtained from the Sellers described in sections V3.1.
V/32.and V.33,, and the interests, commisions and other charges acerued and not yet paid

HAS. Espenses

) Initial Expenses: The Commission 0 he Underwriers of the Bonds wil! be charged exclusively to
the Fund as Constitution Expenses.

Tas Sociedad Gestora will pay the folowing expenses that stem from its establishment: fees of the
Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores e ALAF Market admission fs, fee to the Servicio de
Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, tes o he Rating Agencios. notary public fee, legal
“dviors fs, udit expenses and printing and publicty cost.

o) Periodic Payments: The Fund will make the

lowing payments:

— Management Fee to be paid to the Sociedad Gestora as described in section UIL32. of his
Prospecta,

=> Variable Remuneracion of the Participativo Loan. On cach Payment Dat the Sellers will rccive a
variable payment in concept ol variable semuneraion of the Participativo Lown calculated
following the procedure described in Clawse 14.5. of the Fund Regulaions and in section V.33.
lAs Prospecta.

+) Other Periodic Expenses: The Sociedad Gestora will pay the commissions of the Financial Agent,

commission of the entics underaking the compromiscs described in section IL, he Fund's audit
expenses and the expenses derived from Ihe publicty or notifications related to the Fund and/or the



DE rEPaa io alo Ei e mel Fenil detal ie lemas el od pe
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve eS Ec Mar Cane "CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

Bonds, and, in ts case, the expenses orginated as a consequence of Ahe supervision of the ruing
granted by the Rating Agencies, in the trms initial established with such Agencies.

Tere are no periodical expenses to be charged to the Fund except those extaondinary expenses
riginated s a resul of the defence of the interests of the Bondholders, and from the entity assuming
the compromises described in section 1V.2.4. In he event that he Fund carrics out these exrsordinay
expenses, hc Sociedad Gestora will noi the Rating Agencies

Al of th payments are expressed in ross terms, including, therefore, any taxes that might apply
Morzover, any expenses incurrd in ihe performance of thor dutcs by any ol th enilis receiving
such commission will e paid by the respective enis

a) Lig
Fund

tion Expenses: the expenses derived from he liquidation of he Fund will be paid by the

TILA. Resources of the Fund

Tac Available Resources of he Fund on cach Payment Date vil be equal 10 he sum of

6) The balance of he Fund's Account origining from Shares and Certificates, composed of (a)
any amount corresponding to the Shares and Cenificaes grouped in the Fund; () amount at
each given time of the Reserve Fund, and (c) the retuns generated by said balance,

Gi) ln ts case, the balance of the Reimestment Accounts originating from the Shares and
Ceniicates, including the returns generated.

(Gi) Furtermore the time of the liquidaion of the Fund, hc procceds of the Liquidaion o the
Fund's Assets originating from th Shares and Certificates, and th balance of the Transter Account
including he returns generated

HILS Formulation, Verification and Approval of the Anual Accounts and Other
Accounting Documentation f the Fund. Name of the Appointed Auditors.

HILSA. — Formulations, Verfications and Approval of the Annual Accounts and Management
Report.

Tas Sociedad Gestora shall submit the annual scconnts of the Fund together with the audit report
creo to the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores within the four months following the
losing ol the business ar of he Fund, which vil coincide wi the calendar year.

"hc Board of Directors of the Sociedad Gestora, held on November 21h, 2005, has appoined Ernst
8 Young as audiors of the Fund, registered in the R.O-A.C. under mumber 50530. The Board of
Director of the Sociedad Gestora shall eport to the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores any
change that may be adopted with regard o the appointment of he auditor

HILS2. — Publication and Transmittal to the CNMV af Periodic Information on the Economic
“and Financial Situation of the Fund.

Tas Sociedad Gestora vill make available to he public ll documents and information required
pursuant to the Regulations nd this Prospects.

so


Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole foma de y Si uso on eotrdv
"comio Nc dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Cro. “CN Fl NT
Enmarcar Sai Tama |

Win the four months afcr the end of cach accounting period, and together with the Annual
Accounts audited by the Fund, the Sociedad Gestora vil issue a repo including:

(6) Aminventory of te porolio of Shares and Ceniicates grouped in the Fund, the balance of
the Reinvestmen Accounts, the Fund's Account the Transfer Account and the Reinvestment
Accounts he balance she, th prof and loss secount, and an annex specifying the applicd
“accounting principles.

6) Thetollowinginformaton:
2) The standing balance of the Share and Cetiicts.

b) The percentage of Shares and Comificates subject to prepaymen

9) Thechangerinthe rate ol prepaymen.

d) The amount o Stares ad Cenifictes which have been declared Defaulcd (hose for which

the corresponding Loans have a payment delay of 12 months or more or which have been declared
eíaulted in line wit th definition of Loans o Doubtíul Quality included in Circular 4/1991 of Bank
of Spain) and he percentage of he total they represent

<) The averagelieoftheportoio of Shars and Cefiats
1) Theascrage rate of pontolio of Share and Centiicats.
2) The standing balance of th Bonds.
1) The percentage of outstanding Bonds.

1) Amounts ofintrest, when applicable, from the Bonds accrued and not paid,

1) The balance of the Pund's Account, the Transfer Account and, in ls case, the Reinvestment
Accounts

X) The outstanding amount to be reimbursed of the Loans (Initial Expenses Loan, Subordinated
Loans and Participativo Loan)

1) A detailed analysis of the results of Fund and of hc factors contributing o such resul

E a e aos and ains ol expenses ad manage commisios oiga dsg e
accounting peri

Every three monihs, he Sociedad Gestora vil isuc a report including an inventory of tas portolio of
he Shares and Cenificates, the balance ol lhe Reinvestment Accounts, the Fund's Account, the
Transfer Account and the information described in points (a) hrough () above. In any case, this
information vil conforma to the requirements established to such effect by the Comisión Nacional del
Mercado de Valores.

Lach moni, the Sociedad Gestora will issue a report cotaining the information described in points
a) through d) of the above section, Finally, in the seven business days following cach Payment Date,
he Sociedad Gestora will issue a conficate declarin in espect of the Bonds and for cach Seris, the
following information in relation to the prior Payment Dat:

“


Ti rap vean o Exeo le rl Tole foma de y Si uso on eotrdv
"comio Nc dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Cro. “CN Fl NT
Enmarcar Sai Tama |

1 Amos ofi Initial Nominal Balance
2. Amount ofthe matured Nominal Balance
3 Amount of outstanding Principal

4 Amount of Principal matured and not yet puid to the Bondholders due to lack of resources
(and hat as a consequence, sha not accrue interest

5. Amowntof Principal matured and paid o he Bondholders
6 Total imeres accrued by the Bonds sine th previous Payment Date

7. Interest accrucd since the Closing Date and that dec on previous Payment Date, was no paid
(and hat as a consequence, sha not accrue interest)

A copy of said comificate shall e deposite at he Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores.

Additionaly. on 3 monthly basis, the Rating Agencies will reccivo information regarding the arears
af the portfolio which corresponds to the Fund and which are above 90 days, and will notiic if the
delay trigger has taken place and if the transfer of th funds received from the loans has been
intermpted,

In addition, al public information described in this scction will e available at the registered office of
the Sociedad Gestora in the headiquanters af the ALAF Market, and at the register of the Comisión
Nacional del Mercado de Valores.

MISS. Obti ive Notice ol Relevant Facts

The Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the Fund, underakes to report immedistly to the Comisión
Nacional del Mercado de Valores te Rating Agencies and 10 the Bondholders, and throughout he
lie of th issue, any relevant event that may occur elating to the Shares and Cerificate, to the
Bonds, to the Fund and to the Sociedad Gestora isc hat might have major impact on the trading o
be Bonds, and, in particular, the amount to be paid to the Bondholders, on every Payment Date, on
“account of principal and interest, as provided in sections IL. and LIL. of his Prospects, and in
general, any relevant modification of the assct or liabiliics of the Fund.

M6 Tax

of the Fund

Abri xtract o le applicable ax regime applicable to he Fund is provide:
3). Mortgage Share Centlictes and Montage TransterCenifiats

The payments made to th Fund on sccosnt of interest on the Shars and Certificates, loans or aer rights
sf credit conste income from securtisaion funds, ar cxempt from any witholding in accordance
vi arucle 57 pol Royal Decree 537/1997, oF April 14"

In tc event that in the future any ta is esablisbed, direct o indirect, charges or wibokdings on said
payments, such expenses will be borne by the Sellers and will e returned to hm if hey are ecovered
by e Fund

Norwiistanding the above, in the cvent that current tax lesion is modified and taxes, charges or
viiboldings on payments made to the Fund for interes of the Shares and Conificaes are established, f

“2



DE rEPaa io alo Ei e mel Fenil detal ie lemas el od pe
"comio Nora dl Mead de Vols San Secre Men Coon “CN Fs 8. Pale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

ose taxes signifcamly afiche balance of the Fund, the Selies will be able to repurchase the Shares
“nd Certificates issued by them in accondance with following conditions:

(6) Eachone of the Sellers will have right to repurchase th Shares and Certificates issued by it
wwbenever the decision to repurchase the Shares and Comilicates has been taken by both
Sellers

(io Terepurchase will refe to the whole of the Shaes and Certfiats issued by cach Seller.

(Gi) The Sellers will communicate the decision to repurchase 10 ihe Sociedad Gestora with a
minimum advance of 30 days from the Calculation Date in which such repurchose will take
place.

(1) Thereparehase villtak place on a Calculation Date.

(0) The price of the repurchaso of the Shares and Cenificats will be the Outstanding Nominal
Balance of the same, including those in default

(0) The exercise of the right to repurchase will be amounced to the Comisión Nacional del
Mercado de Valores and th Rating Agencies

1 tb Seller ct Unir right o ropurchase this il imply tc prepayment of he Bonds on the Payment
Date following hat in which the payment for th repuchascd Shares and Cenifiatos takes place and that
fe cry quid o he Fund.

b) o ThcFund

"hc Funds are subjec to the Impuesto sobre Sociedades. The etblishment s cxempt under the heading.
Operaciones. Socierarias of the. Impuesto sobre Transmisiones Patrimoniales y Actas Jurídicos
Docionentados in accordance with ari 5-10 of Law 19/1992. Royal Decree 926/1998, esablishes the
application of rule of Law 19/1992 to the Fondos de Tinuización de Activos

) — Bomiholdess

(Sos section 112 of this Prospects)

Sociedad Gestora

The adminisraon of he Fund by the Sociedad Gestora is cxcmpt from th Value Added Tax.
HIL7 Modifications to the Fund Regulations

The Fund Regulations may be modiicd, on an exceptioal basis provided that such modification are
úpermied by he applicable law, ut the modifiatons in no way afec the rights oe Bondholders and
be ruing given to the Bonds by th Rating Agencies. In any event, he modiications must be previously
“approxcd by the Rating Agencies. Any modiicaions of the Fund Regulains will require a new deed
nd will be communicate to the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores to be made public ato be
verficd and registered as an mex of ts Prospects.

HIS Replacement of the Participants

Financial Agent


DE rEPaa io alo Ei e mel Fenil detal ie lemas el od pe
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve eS Ec Mar Cane "CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

The Sociedad Gestora is enc to replace he Financial Agent in al or some of is maintenance datos
of the Fund's Account Transfer Accoun, Payment Agency or Custodian o he Shares and Cerifiats)
“and tte that under, on behalf of hc Fund, services derived from the servicing of he Mongage
Loans; provided that t conforme vih applicable aw, and hat authorisaton 0 Uh relevant suhortis s
given. Th reason for he substiation must be serious sd present serious prjodic o he interests o the
Bondholders, Notice wil bo given regarding the substitulon to Abe Comiión Nacional del Mercado de
Valores, he Rating Agencios and he Sellers

In he event that the rating of the Financial Agent assigned by hc Rating Agencios is reduced toa rating
below PI for Moody's or Fl for ich, the Socialad Gestora, on behalf olas Fund, prior consulttion
wit the Rating Agencies, ad within 10 business days of such reduction, must implement on or more ol
be following options which vil allow the maintenance ol an adequate level of guarantee wi respect to
be obligtions derived rom he Payment Agent, maintenance of the Fund's Account, Transfer Account,
nd deposit ft Share and Ceniiates:

6) Obain from the Financial Agent a pledge in favour of th Fund of financial assts of roda
quality not less han PI by Moody's or Fl+ by Fitch, or anote recognised by the Rating
Agencies, with a maximum muturty of five days prior 0 the following Payment Dat, n an
“amount suficiet to guarates the Financial Service Contract

(o Obrin similar guaranteos or commitment from one or more redil insttions with ring no
les ihan PI, granted by Moody's or Fl by Fach, or another recognscd by the Rating Agencies,
vWbich guarantee the commitment assumed by 1h Financial Agent

(ii Substturtbe Financial Agent for another credit entiy wit a rating no les than PL, for Moody's
or El for Fich, or another recognised by the Rating Agencies to under, under the same
conditions, he funcions ol Financial Agent in espec he Fund's Account

Funthermore, the Financial Agent muy terminato the Financial Servico Contact, prior notiiation to ho
Sociedad Gestora two months in advance, in accordance with, he terms established in the Financial
Service Contract wheneves (another ei with similar financial characteristics to Banco Samander.
Ceniral Hispano aná wi credit aing for short trm risk t last cqual to Pin Moody's cas ar Fl or
Fch or otr recognised by the Rating Agencies and accepted by the Sociedad Gestora, substiuts in
te functions oh Financial Service Contract, (the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores aná
be Rating Agencies ac noi, and (ii) th rating gramted to the Bonds is not affected. The termination
vil not take place, except with the authoriaion ol the Sociedad Gestora, unil two business days her
the Payment Date following the notification oh termination.

In be event of reach of bir contractual dtis, or of adoption ola coporat, legal or judicial decision
relating to th liquidaion, dissoltion or judicial investigation of any of th ent taking par n this
transaction, rif any paticipat requests to be legally decard insolvet or bankrupt, o an application
Filed by third party is admitd to legal poceedings, he Sociedad Gestora shall be nt o rescind he
corresponding coniacs that bind such participan to the Fund, provided that Such cancellation is
úpermited pursuan to th law in force. After he temination of the contract, and provided th applicable
Law permits ta new panticipant will o designatd by th Sociedad Gestora, provided that the relevant
adminisrawe auhoris have been consulta, that he rating asgnod to the Bonds by the Rating

“Agencies is not impaiod, and that such designaton has been communicted to th Rating Agencies
Sociedad Gestora

hc waiver and sbstiusion o he Sociedad Gestora vil be regulated in acconce wit Royal Decree
92G/1998, ol May 148, or cure applicable leiiao. ln any ven, o subs ol te Sociedad
Gexora wil take place n acconnce wi be following procedure, unless 1 a Comray to legal
regulaions

“


DE rEPaa io alo Ei e mel Fenil detal ie lemas el od pe
"comio Nora dl Mead de Vols San Secre Men Coon “CN Fs 8. Pale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

1 th Sociedad Gestora will renounce is funcion whenever lt so consider it necessary and
"voluntaily request ts substituin, via wrten notification to the CNMV. The notification o hc
ev sociedad gestora auhoried and insribd in th special egistes ol ihe CNMV, vall als he
sent, declring lts acceptance o he function and requesting th corresponding authorisation. The
vwaiver of he Sociedad Gestora and th section ol a new ey 1 sociedad gestora of th Fund
mus be approved by the CNMV. ln no event will Sociedad Gestora renounce the exercise of
is rights unless all the roquistes and requirements for the new sociedad to fully asume its
funcuons, The Sociedad Gestora will not renounce lts functions due o the substtution, the
tin assigned to the Bonds are reduced. A th expenses generated as consequence of said
<ubsttation vil be bom by th Sociedad Gestora or th new Sociedad Gestora.

if any ol he causes established in ario 260 (1) of Ley de Sociedades Anónimas occu, the
¡Sociedad Gestora vil be replaced. The Sociedad Gestora vil noúfy the CNMV and the Rating
“Agencies of the occurrene of any of said causes In this even, the Sociedad Gestora will he
bliged to comply with section () above, prior o 4 disolucion

3 Inte event ta he Sociedad Gestora is dear in suspension of payments o bankruptey or s
“aborisaion is cancele, will nominate 4 sociedad gestora 0 replace The substiuion will
take place before 4 months have clapsed sine the date in which the event tha determined the
ubstation t0k place. the Sociedad Gestora does not find anote saciedad gestora to take
ver the administration and representa of the Fund, ar the CNMV does not auboriso the
replacement, the Fund will be liquidated and the Boris amorised, four months ar ho
“sccumence af th inciden which determined th suban.

4 The subtition of the Sociedad Gestora and the selection of new sociedad, approved by the
CNMV in accordance wi he previous paragraph, must be autrised by th Rating Agencies,
nd the Daily Bulletin of the ALAF Market. The Sociedad Gestora undenakes to grant all ho
public amd private documents necessary to proce in ts ubrtitsion by another sociedad gestora
In accondance with te requirements ol the previous paragraph. The replacing sociedad gestora
vil be subrogated to the Sociedad Gestora. Fuemoro, he Sociedad Gestora vil forward he
new Sociedad Gestora all the documents and counting and computing reports rating to ho
Fond.

"hc Sociedad Gestora is ec, whenever legally poble, o subcontrac or delegate 1 hir partes o
recognised solvency and capacity, the undeiaking of any of the services esublihd in the Fund
Regulations, whenever the subcontracior or deegate has renounced the right to exercise legal action
against the Fund, In any even, subconiractng or delegaion vil not imply any additional ost to the
Fund. Regardles of any subcontact or delegation, the Sociedad Gestora will nt he exonerated nor
libcrated from said subcontrct or deleation of any ol the responsiilics assumed in the Fund
Regulations o in this Prospocts.

Said subcontacting on behalf of he Sociedad Genora will take place when legally possible, prior
úotfication to the CNMV and the Rating Agencies, and when all the necessary auhorsations have been
obtained

of the Participante

"hc entiis taking par in he operation TDA 19-MIXTO, pursuant to thir coesponding contacts, are
eme o subcontact o delegte to id parties o rocognisod solvency and capacity, th performance ol
“any of ho agreed services, provided i s legally posible and 1) there is weten auhorisation from the
Sociedad Gestora () he Sub-conractor or delegate has a rating equal or higher than hc rating required
boy the Rating Agencies, and (ii) th subcontracor or delegate hs walved all iglas o recourse against
be Fund, and to terminate such sub-contacis and/or delegatins. In any case, such subcontacing or

45


DE rEPaa io alo Ei e mel Fenil detal ie lemas el od pe
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve eS Ec Mar Cane "CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

clegation shall not imply any additional cos or expens to Uh Fund nor the Sociedad Gestora, nor will
afíctthe ratings assigned to the Bonds. Desplt any subcontrct or delegation, he entics taking par in
te operation shall e neither cxonenstod nor dischargod from any o he responsibilis established in the
oresponding contacts, The contracted parties will comply wi the raing requirements requested by the
Rating Agencies

HILO Early Liquidation and Termination of the Fund

By vine of he Fund Regulations and this Prospecta the Sociedad Gestora is emite to proceed o he
caryliquidation of the Fund TDA 19-MIXTO when the amount of tas Outstanding Balance of hc Shares
“nd Cemiliates is less than 105 of the initial balance, provided the procceds from the iquidation of the
assts are sufficent to discharge he outstanding obligations to the Bondholders in accordance with the
prioriy order of payments described in section VA, of this Prospectus, and that all the necessary
“sahorisains have been obtained from he relevant suhonitis.

The Fund will he terminated only in the following circumstances, and the Comisión Nacional del
Mercado de Valores nd the Rating Agencies will be informed of such vet:

(0 When the Shares and Cenficaes are totally amoriscd, including the ascumpion described in
section UL. of this Prospects for he modification of th fiscal regime, when the requisites
established are met and the Sellers lit cir right to reparchase over hc eme Shares and

es remaining in th Fund, a st ut in aid section. In he cuen hat all th Shares and
stes have maturod and tre remain osttanding amounts to be collectd and paid to the

Bondholdess he Fund il be cxtinguished on March 22d, 2036,

1! the Sellers exercise tir right to repurchaso over the total amount of Shares and Ceniicates
vvhich remain in th Fund, in accordance with section IL. of Uhis Prospecta, th cxeris ol his
right will coincido with a Calcalaon Date and vil imply he pro-paid amortsation of the Bonds
vn the Payment Date which follows th dae in which he payment of the repurchased Share and
Certificates takes pla.

Gi) Whenthe Bondsissued re totally amontisd,

(ii) When, in he opinion of he Sociedad Gestora, exceptinal creumstanes concur to render
impossible, or extremely difficult th survival ol the financial balance od Fund. this case,
the Sociedad Gestora, air notifing the CNMV, will proceed to liquidate the Fund in
accordance with priority order desenbed in setion V-4.20f this Prospectas.

(0) In Ue case set out in Antcle 19 of Royal Decrec 926/1998, that cstablishos the obligton to
underake the carly liquidatio of the Fund in the event that four months afer an event that
jusilis the subtitulo ol the Sociedad Gestora (imolvency, procccdings or bonkmupicy). no
ltermative Sociedad Gestora has boca found to manage the Fund.

(6) When non payment of any of he values issued or loans akes place, indicativo o a serious and
permanent imbalance oecurs or is expected, In his even, the Sociedad Gestora, ate noiling
e CNMV. vil procced to liquido the Fund in accordance with the priority order described in
section V-4.2. this Prospecta.

In the absence of confimation of any of the provisional ratings granted to the Bonds by the Rating
Agencies before th sar of hc Subscription Pond for the Bonds, the Fund, he issue and subscription ol
be Shares and Ceníficates, the Subordiated Loans, he Swap Contract and he isue of he Bonds vil be
cancelled.

46


DE rEPaa io alo Ei e mel Fenil detal ie lemas el od pe
Fei ina dd Merlo e Valve eS Ec Mar Cane "CNN e Fl a, Tale
Inma" dnpad mb Sano ais ofi damn mbr mer e Polo mal ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

In he event hat on the final lquidation of Uh Fund there remain outstanding obligatins om behalf o he
Fund to any of the Bondholder, he Sociedad Gestora () will dsignate a minimum ofre independent
experts o determine the val ole sale of th Shares and Corilicates remaining ín the Fund at hc me
df liquidaion. En no event will he price of the sal ol th Shaes and Certificates be inferir to value ol
be sale determined by said experts, and will nver he inferior to the market price, understanding market
price the Oustanding Nominal Balance plus the intros accrued by the Shares and Certificates. The
“esignation of sid independent experts wall e noúfcd to the CNMY and the Rating Agencies; wall
proceed to cancel hose contacts which ae unnecessary for he liquidation process, and (li) he above
ds not sufficent or asscts remain, vil sel the remuining assts of he Fund, Tho Sociedad Gestora is
empowered to accept those olfrs tconsiders cover the market value of th aset in question and a paid
in cash ln oner to ix the market val, he Sociedad Gestora may request ho valuation sepors 4
consider necessary

The Sociedad Gestora, following e reserve for te nia expenses for th liquidation, vil spply all the
“amount obtained rom he sale of th acts of he Fund o pay the diferent concept, in accordance with
be priority order established in section VA2, of this Prospects, with the obligtion lo preserve the
Reserve Fund, which vil be destine t hc pre—puid amorisation of th issue

In he event tha, once th Fund has been terminated and al! he payments established in section V-4. of
this Prospectus have ben made, any amount remain, it shall b paid t th Sellers. In the cvent that the
“amount remaining is nota liquid amount and comesponds o th Shares or Confcates pending legal or
otary resolution and iniiatod as a consequence ol the non-payment by the Debtor of the Share or
Certificate, is continuatio o the product ol resolution wilcorespond o the Seller

In any even, the Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the Fund, will not terminat the Fund and cancel ho
oresponding insciption a he regisics until all he aces of the Fund have been sold and disrbatd in
be order established in section V.42. af is Prospects, with the exception oh reserve made o pay
fort initial expenses o he liquido.

Following the 6 mont after hc liquidacion of he remaining ases ofi Fund and to distribution of
tb available resources, the Sociedad Gestora will grant a notary decd decaring() th terminatin ol the
Fund, and the causes cstablistod in the Fund Regulations and this Prospecus which motivaed the
tcminaion the procedure undeniaken to noti th holder f he Bonds and the CNMV, and (is) the
«istribation of the available amounts in the order established in section V-42. of his Prospectus: his wall
“made public án national papers and vil comply tit th remaining requirements necessary. This deod
vil e formanded by the Sociedad Gestora to the CNMV.

In te event of the liquidaion of the Fund, pending any outstanding amount of the Shures and
Certificates, the Sellers il have a sight of option 10 repurchase the Shares and Cenificates that cach
Seller sold and which belong o the Fund, corresponding to Mongage Loans not paid at the moment of
tb liquidaion, under the conditions and price established in the previous section, Such sight ol option
¿nes mot imply, in any case, pue or declaraton a repurchaso af the Shares and Comificaes given by the
Sellers. ln oder to cxercis such option cach Seller will have 10 Business Days from the date in wbich
te Sociedad Gestora vil nou tbc conditions in which ho sale of the Shares and Cerúfiats will tke
place,

“


Ti rap vean is Exeo le rl Tole fem rte San ans on er vi e
"comio cra dl Mead de Voir Son Secre Mn Como. “CN Pelis A. 20 al
Irma e ome ad nc mén a SaiTaoomano l|

CHAPTER IV
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ASSETS OF THE FUND

IVA Mortgage Share Certificates and Mortgage Transfer Certificates Grouped in the
Fand

A. Mortgage Share Cerúlfictes and Mortgage Transfer Certiicaes. Conditions of Issue.

The Share and Ceniictes will e issued by the Sellers amd subscribod by hc Sociedad Gestora om
bchall of the Fund TDA 19-MIXTO, by vinue of the Fund Regulacion. The Shares and Certificates
groupe in the Fuma ae represented in the form of 4 Multiple Decds. Two Multipe Decd (Cajamar and
Caixa Tarragona) represeting al! Shares and two Muluple Decds (Cajamar and Caixa Tarragona)
represnting the total Transfer Comificaes, The Shares and Cerifiats are issued for 3 total nominal
value ol approximutcly 599,999.999.96 Euros. Each Share and Cenificate paniciutes in 100% of the
unamorted principal ol cach one af he Mortgage Loans, and accrues an interest ate equal to the
"ominal interest at, a cach moment, by the corresponding Mortgage Loan.

The Asset of TDA 19-MIXTO comprisos the Shares and Conifiatos issued by Cajamar and Caisa
Tarragona, desived from loans granted fr the purchase, consuction or rstration of a home located on
Spanish so, wit a fr guarantes over a propery valucd by an Appraisal Company. Some of th loss
derive from he substituon l debes promoer los.

The distribution of the Sharos and Centictes groupod in the Fund among the isuing entis ás as
follows:

Among the Mortgage Loans are Losns with the Outstanding Nominal Balance not execed, on te dat of
Abe isue o he Share, o 80% o th appralsd value of the mongaged properties guaranteed hereon,
Mortgage Loans 1). Mongage Loans 1 represent, on he date of the consition a the Fund, a total
vunamorused principal of 522.796,169.40 Euros The distribution s follows:

Tre remaining Mortgage Loans are loans in which the Outstanding Nominal Balance exce, om the date
df the ¡sue of the Cemilicaes, SO ol he apprasal value of the morigagcd properties guaranocd
(hercon, Mortgage Loans 2). The Oustanding Nominal Balance of said Loans wal nt exceed in any
case, 100% of the appraisal value of he mongaged propencs Mortgage Loans 2 represent, on the date of

se



Ti rap vean is Exeo le rl Tole fem rte San ans on er vi e
"comio cra dl Mead de Voir Son Secre Mn Como. “CN Pelis A. 20 al
Irma e ome ad nc mén a SaiTaoomano l|

be constitution of the Fund, a total unamortised principal of approximately 77203230.56 Euros. The
distribution is follows:

The above amount ar tc result uf section of mortgage loans from the portfolio audited by Ems 8
Young which includes 7.929 loans wit an outstanding nominal balance of 631,157.039.66 Euros on
January 2151, 2004, The percentage of Morgage Loans 1 and Morgage Loans 2 in respect to the total
“uditedporíoio will be muintained o, may vary only when this variation does not imply an increase of
the percentage of Mongage Loans 2.

“As holder of the Shars and Cerficates, hc Fund will have lle rights recognised in he applicable law
“andin the Shars and Conficaestnemucives

The Sociedad Gestora vá! adjust on he Closing Date the specific number f Shares and Cenáficaes.
depending on the substituions which ave taken place to that dat, in accordance with the Fund

Regulaons

The final sale of the Monago Loss vil take place on the Closing Date for the remaining term to
muturky of the Loans, wit no repurchase agreement. The consiution of the Fund, the ¡sue of he
¡Share and Comficaos and he isue f he Bonds will be mado n th Closing Date.

The Sellers do not assume any liabiliy whatsocwr for the non-payment by the Mortgage debtors of
principal. interes or any cbr amount hat may be due by vic ol the Mortgage Loans. The Sellers do
ot, under any crcumstnce, asume any responsibiliy in guaranecin, cer direuly or indireily, the
success of the rancacion, nor will they give guaraeos or warantes, nor entr into repurhase
agreements for he Shares and Certificates nor in vine of he Fund Regulations or any other agreement
or contract, The above is wilhost prejudice to the responsblitcs ol the Sellers vih respect to that
established in he Loan Contracts (Initial Expensos Loan, Subordinated Loan and Participativo Loan),
¡Swap Contract nd the compromisos st ut in Cluses 9 and 10 of the Fund Regulaons described in
section IV 2. is Prospectus.

1. Sulscription of the Mortgage Share Certificates and the Mortgage Transfer Certificates.

Price, Subscription and Payment of the Shares and Certificates: the Sociedad Gestora shall subscribe
100% of te Shares and Certificates om behalf o he Fund.

The price of he Shaes and Conificaes will be the nominal vals horcol and wi be paid by the
Sociedad Gestora, in he name oFth Fund, he Sellers on the Closing Date, March 3,2003.

"Taxation of the Shares and Certificates: Paymenis made to he Fund on account ol tb return of the
Shars and Cerúicates will mot he subject to wihbolding of any Kind, in vruc ol anicle 57 p of Royal
Decre 5371199708 Ape 14%.

In the event hat in the future, dect or indirect, charges or expenses of said payments, ar established,
bey ville pad by the Sellers ad will bo reimbursed by he Fund in ho evento ihir recover

sw


DE raras reali Ei e el Tole irme fol Ss ed esc nh
Fei ina dd Merlo e Vales (Sh Ec Mar se, "CNN en Plis a! Ts alo
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

Norwitbstnding Ahe above, and án the event at the fiscal regime is modiicd and now taxes or
<wibibokdings are established for Ihe payments due to the Fund for the intros of the Shares and
Cestlicats, negatively affctng the financial balance of the Fund, the Sellees will have o right 10
repurchase the Shares and Corificaes isucd by them in the terms set out in section HIS, of this
Prospocts.

Rights of the Fund derived from the Subscription of Shares and Certificates: The Fund, as holder of
be Shues and Certificates, hall ave th rghs ecognised in the applicable lgistion and in hc Shares
and Cenúficts. In parculr, t will have the right to receive al he paymenis made by the Mongage
Loan debtrs from the Closing Date onvards, on any account whatsocver, and any other payment arsing
from the Mongage Los provided such payments corespond to the Shaes and Centicate, The Share
“nd Ceicatos wal bogin to accue interes from th Closing Date.

In addition to the payments made by the Mongage Loan debtors, any other payment reccived by tho
Sellers in relation o the Morgage Loans, including hose arising from any accessories to th Loans such
as compencaion derived from insurance policies, payments made by possible guarantors, tc, vil
correspond to lo Fund, wilh the exception of delimquen interest, unpaid recip claims, ubrogation
ommissions and prepayment, togtter with any other commiscio which will corespond to the Slles
fe Shares and Ceruficls: The Sellers will make th necessary notifications so that the payments to
tb Sociedad Gestora are made, The Sellers must under reasonable cflrs to maintain wit fal
elíccts insurance policies subscrbed in relation to the Montage Louns, and they will be responsible for
“ny damages to le Fund in the event te insurance polcis have not bocn maintained.

Notiications
The Sellers will continue to administe the Mortgage Loans in accordance with section IV2 of Ahis

Prospoctus. The Sociedad Gestora and the Solles have agreed not to noti hc sale to Y debio o he
Mortgage Loans as hi notification nota condition for development of th Issue

As a consequence of astice 1,527 of the Civil Code, he debtor tha pays the critr vito knowledge
of he issue will be cxoneraed from th obligaion. The Seller will nou he sale to he respecte
Detxors vien ts necessary or required in the condiions of the coesponding Mortgage Loan, and ho
Sociedad Gestora so requires 1. Following notificaon, he Debtors will be freed o their obligaions

following payment o ic Payment Agent In accordance with article 1,198 f the Civil Code, he Debor
tbatagres o the sale vil not have recowrse against the Fund for he compensaton das from the Seller

Nevercless, hc Seles vil grant the wides faculics legally necessary t 1h Sociedad Giestora so that
lt can notify he sale 1 the debiors ol the Mortgage Loans when deemod necessary. In patcular, he
Sociedad Gestora will notóy the sale to th debtrs of the Mortgage Loans in th event o he substiuion
fte Seller in th administration ol the Montage Loans and in the event of a administrative or judicial
intervention of he Seller.

"he Sellers will bear he expenses of th notification to the debrors f the Mortgage Loans event in the
event tt dx Sociedad Gestora cams ut such notification.

¿C. Replacement ol the Mortgage Share Certificates and the Mortgage Transfer Certificates
Ine excelona crcumstances in which, despite he declaation mude by the Sellers and tr corts o
ensure conespondence, a particular Mongago Loan on the Date of he Constitution of the Fund or the

Closing Date, docs not comply with the reprsentatios st out in section IV. below and in Claus $ of
be Fund Regulations, the Sellers under:

so


DE raras reali Ei e el Tole irme fol Ss ed esc nh
Fei ina dd Merlo e Vales (Sh Ec Mar se, "CNN en Plis a! Ts alo
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

(A) To replace he corresponding Share andior Conificate by anohor one with similar financial
basctorstis in terms of amount, term 1o maturity and interest at, and that is accepuble to the
Sociedad Gestora, price consultion with the Rating Agencies

In any case, in hc event of replacement of a Shar and/or Conificate, e Sellers must demonstratethat
be Share andlor Cenificate is in sccondance with the conditions rcíered to in section IVA. of is
Prospocts.

"Each Seller, as soon sit becomes aware that a Share and/or Certificate issued does not correspond to the
ted representations, vil inform the Sociedad Gestora and indicate he Mongage Loans that vil be
presented o replace th falty ones. In he cvent hat any of ds Shares ardor Comificues are substitute
in accordance vih ese provisins, he Sellers villissuc a new Multiple Decd, which will o submitted
for be one provided in accordance wilh the Fund Regulations

(8 In adáition to the obligations assumed in paragraph (A), and in the excptional casos in which, even
tough the Selles have flfiled these obligations, the substiution is ot possible because the available
Mongage Loans, for reasons not atbutable o th Seller, are no similar t the securiisd portfolio in
ems 0) amount, () term to maturity, (ii) interest at, (iv) characteristics of th borrower, or (4)
aractersics of the mongaged property" and the lack of conformity of any of these clements with
espe to Ih affected Share antjor Ceniicte is sulicienty important hat it affect adverely he
legaly or financial structure of the Fund and the rights and interests ol ls Bondholders, in he justifica
opinion of the Sociedad Gestora, which will so inform the Seller und the Comisión Nacional del Mercado
¿de Valores, he Seller will agroc to rcimburse the outstanding principal of the corresponding Share andíor
Cemiliat ad ts interest accrued and unpaid to dat transícming cm to he Transfer Account

Funhrmore, on ihc Closing Date 1he Shares and Certificate () fuly amortised between the Date of
Constitution of he Fund and the Closing Date, or, () do nt comply with the requirements of secions
IVA 2, and IV.4, will be replaced by her Shares and Cerificates of similar inancial characteristics

In bo cases the substiuion vil be documented in a ntary deed and notified to ts Comisión Nacional
del Mercado de Valores

D. Custody of the Mortgage Share Certificates and the Mortgage Transfer Certificates and other
Fund Assets

On the Date of he Constitution of he Fund, the Slles will deliver he Multiple Decdsrepresnting the
Mortgage Share Certificates and Mortgage Transfer Ceniicts subscribod, to the Sociedad Gestora,
which will proceed to deposit the Decds wi the Financial Agent, in accordance with the provisins od
the Financial Service Contract

1V.2_ Servicing of he Mortgage Loans

In accordance with amicle 61 (3) o Royal Decree 689/1982, of March 17%, and in section 2) of Anticle
2 of Royal Decrec 926/1998, cach Seller has underiaken o maintain the custody and sericing f the
Mortgage Loans it has isucd from wbich he Shares and Cenificats are derived, remining responsible
to under whatever actions ae necessary for the effective collection of the Mongage Loans. In any
case, he Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of he Fund, will undeiake to exercise al) powers hat in the case
of default in the payment by the borrower, correspond o th holders of Shares and Cenfiats in anile
66 of Royal Decre 68/1982

AN taxes, direct or indirect, charges or expenses accrued and incured by the Sellers or those that must
pass om in relation o he evolution of he sevices of adminisation of sho Mortgage Loans, without


DE raras reali Ei e el Tole irme fol Ss ed esc nh
"comio cra dl Mead de Voir Son Secre Mn Como. “CN Pelis A. 20 al
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

prejucice to ts righttoreccive rcimbursement from the debrors or from the Fund in the event of the
recover.

IV21. — General Compromises of the Soler as Administrator

Each Seller, in relation to the Loans it adminisces vil declare to ho Sociedad Gestora and the Fund hat
¿ev

6) Take all necessary steps to ensure th performance of the Mortgage Loans, including judicial or
extrajudicial procecdings.

Gi Take all necessary amd indicated measures lo maintain or cxccute the guarantee and other
úbligations rising from he Mogage Loans.

(ii) Take into account the interests of he Bondholders in cr relations vid th debio and in the
excrciving ol any discetimary poner rsuling from pertormance uf the services speciid in he
Fund Regulations and in is Prospecta.

(0) Carry al reasonable instuctions from the Sociedad Gestora, in accordance with the Fund
Regulations and in his Prospctas

(6) Obain and muintin in full for licenses, approval, auhoristions and conser that may be
necessary for the implementation fs services.

(0) Have atibcirdisposal suficien equipment and sf to fl all cr dic

"Each Seller, as Administrator of the Mortgage Loans, will not be responsible for hc dbts of th Sociedad!
¡Gestora or the Fund, in espect ol the Bonds, o of obligaons ol any debtor by vine of the Credit
Righs

Specfialy, cach Seller, as Mongage Loan Administrator, will not be responsible for any loss,
responsiiliy, claim or expense bom or incurrd by the Sociedad Gestora or he Fund as result af the
¿evelopment, hy cach Seller, ol he Services established by vie af the Fund Regulaions and this
Prospectus, except when such loss, responsibility, claim or expense in born or incured as result of
úcgligence or fault o he Seller in respect of the Morgage Loans it administrs, or any fault of the Seller
in us obligaions by virue of the Fund Regulations or this Prospets. In aid vet, the coresponding
Seller will rcimburse the Fund or the Sociedad Gestora for the damages (jusificd by the Sociedad:
Gestora) consequence of said negligenc.

In any event. Fund, through the Sociedad Gestora will have te legal actions available aguinst cach
¡Seller in he event of 1 fault in its obligaions in espect of the contacts subscibed with ho Sociedad!
Gestora.

1V22. — Administration ol the Mortgage Loans

In hc administration of the Mortgage Loans, th Sellers vil dedicate the same amount and atention and
vil exer the same level of ability, det and dligeco in said administration, as would employ in the
administration of mongago loans no sold, ad in any even, wil exercise a reasonabl level of ability.
¿cta and diligence when underiking its services

The Sellers, as Mortgage Loan Administrator, are auhoriscd to modify th administration criteria,
contained in Amex 7 of the Fund Regulations, whencver ssid modifiations do not imply the


DE raras reali Ei e el Tole irme fol Ss ed esc nh
Fei ina dd Merlo e Vales (Sh Ec Mar se, "CNN en Plis a! Ts alo
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

eterioration of th administration of the Mortgage Loans, and th Sociedad Gestora is noiid, and the
tig granted to the Bonds by the Rating Agencies not alíctd,

Specficaly,cach Seller, as Mongage Loan Administrator, will keep under safe custody al! ho des,
documents files and any other accesorios of the Mortgage Loans, together with any relevant documents
The Sellers shal! not reinquish possession, custody or control thecof, unles there s previous wen
consent from the Sociedad Gestora in he name of he Fund, unles si) in favour of a sub-contracted

or delegated pany in accordance wi cuxent legislain; oe (ú) to allow the Sellers, as Loan
“Administrator o ring legal action for ho enforcement ole Morgage Loans

"he Sellers, as Loan Administrator, will continue to coll ll he amount due and payable y vit of
be Mongage Loans or any accesory right terto, and will make thcir best cfr so a to ensure tar all
payments to be made by the debtors or by any other perso, by vinue of he Morigage Loans or any
accessory sight thret, are collected, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the refrred
Mortgage Loans, om he coresponding dates.

3) Recourse against the Debtors

In est of delay in he payments from te debors of Uhe shared Mortgage Loans, he Sllr, as Loan
Administrator, sal take the usual steps o remedy such sitio. described in tho Amex 7 of he Fund
Regulations, adopaing he actions avaable to a ressonably prudent credior underaking financial
operations in Spain, whenover the exercise of said facultc do not affect he managemsnt ol the Fund,
or he rang ol the Bonds

In any even, and for the Shars and Centiiats grouped in he Fund, th Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of
te Fund, will undertak ho xercise of all the faculis estabishcd in Article 66 of Royal Decree
s/1082.

In the event of section b) of amicle 66 of Royal Decree 68S/1982, the right of adjudicaion will
«orsespond to the Sellers and the distribution Uh result will be ifeted sd established in sad art.

In he event that any of the circumstances described in sections c) and d) of ace 66 of Royal Decrec
85/1082 take place, and as a conscquence, the Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the Fund, is subrogate to
be position of he Sellers in hc procedure init by the Sellers, or iniits a process ol foreclosar, the
Secedad Gestora will scl th alictod propens in the shonte possible time under markst conditions.
"he Sellers vil have the right to repurchase th properties metgagod as guarants af he Loans they
“adiminite, during hc 10 busines days from the dat in which hc Sociedad Gestora not he intetion
do sell th proper. The sight o repurchase will imply that the Sellers will e able to purchase the
propenis in th same conditions t was oferto he Sociedad Gestora.

Alte options oslnd in this section in restion to the Share and Certificates will e card out in the
crm establiaod in Te 1V ol Book: HL of Law 1/200 Enjuiciamiento Civil

1) Recourse against he Seller
The Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the Fund, will take exccutive action against he Soles to guarantee

te maturty of he Loan both for Principal and Interes, when the non-paymnent of such amount s not the
result f the nos payment by the Loan Debtors

Farihermore, in the event that the Selles do not fl thirobligations of hc previous section, ln Fund,
rough be Sociedad Gexoro, will take ación against he conesponding in accondane with Uh
procedures established in the Ley de Enjuiciamiento Cv.


DE raras reali Ei e el Tole irme fol Ss ed esc nh
"comio cra dl Mead de Voir Son Secre Mn Como. “CN Pelis A. 20 al
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

Following the termination of the Shares and Certificates, the Fund, through the Sociedad Gestora, will
maintain tight to take action against he Sellers until all its obligations he been carried ut

1V23. — Subcontracting

"hc Sellers, in relation to he Mortgage Lou they administers, ac entiled to subcontract or delega to
bird partes of recognise solvency and capacity, th performance of any o he servicos agreed in Clause
10 of he Fund Regulañons, provide is legally possible nd () here is writen authorisain from the
Sociedad Gestora () he sub-conractor or delegate has araing equal or higher than the rating required
boy the Rating Agencies, and ii) th subcontracor or delegate has walved ll igls o recurse against
te Fund.

In any even, such subcontracing or delegation shall nt imply any additional cos or expense to th und
or the Sociedad Gestora

Norwiistanding a subcontract or delegatio, the corresponding Seller will not be cxonerated nor
libratd from said subcontract or delegation of any of the responsibiliics undeniakeo by vinue of the
Fund Regulations

1V24. — Substittion of the Seller as Administrator of the Shares and Certificates by the
Sociedad Gestora

In be event that the Sociedad Gestora veriis the breach, by a Seller, as Mortgage Loan Administrator,
of he obligaions established in this section, or the cccurrene of even that, in the opinion of the
Sociedad Gestora, deive in  prejdic or ssk to the financial structure of the Fund orto the rights and
interests of Abe Boridholders, te Sociedad Gestora will, in accordance with curent Igistaion, (1)
substituto the appcopiae Seller as Administrator or () reques the appropriate Seller to ubcontmt or
delegat he underaking of sad obligtios o he person tha, in he opinion oh Sociedad Gestora, has
he technical capacity to cany out such obligan. The Sociedad Gestora vil take ino account the
proposal made by the Selies in he desgnation o a substituto, Th appeopeat Seller vil carry out such
“ubcontacting or delegation.

Furthermore, ita comporae, egal or judicial decision is reached concerning the liquidaion, isolution or
intervention ol a Seller o lt requests to be declaed in suspension ol payments or bankrupiey, ora rd
pary fortards a lim, he Sociedad Gestora vil substiute lts Admiisrtor o he Mortgage Loans, 1
úpermited by curentlegslation.

The Sociedad Gestora will designt the new administrator of the Mongage Loans once tc relevant
“auborts have been consuled, to avoid affctng the rating grated to the Bonds by the Rating
“Agencies. The designio will he notficd to the Rating Agencies. The Sociedad Gestora vil arec with
be new administrator the amount to be reccived, which wil be considered un extraordinay expense and
vil be paid in accordance wi tbe prioriy order of payments described in soction Va. af dis
Prospecta.

In the vent that coment Leisaion permis th Seller may requests subsiution as administrator of
te Montage Loans; related expenses vil e paid by the Seller. The Sociedad Gestora vil auhorise
ud subsiution hen the Soller has identifica replacement and the rating asigned to the Bond by the
Rating Agencios ls not impaired. Th substttion vil be notified to th Rating Agencies.

In the event of substimion, dh replaced Sell will formard all the documentation to Uhe new
“administrator.



DE raras reali Ei e el Tole irme fol Ss ed esc nh
Fei ina dd Merlo e Vales (Sh Ec Mar se, "CNN en Plis a! Ts alo
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
tr oro dro pon nudo e Ne

1V25. — Modilics

ioms of the Mortgage Loans

In accordance with ale 25 of Royal Decrec 685/1982 of March, 17", the Sellers are not entied
(stos! th consent of the Sociedad Gestora) to volunary cancel the Mortgages underyingtho Shares
“and Cenliates for any other reason other than payment ol the Mongage Loans, to wave or compound
bem. to make a novation of the Mortgage Loans, o semit or pardon them partial or n ul, o prorogue
bem ox, in general, cary out any act hat might impai or decrease the rank, legal enforceabiliy or
economic value of ihe Morgages or the Mortgage Loans except by the modiicatons culine in the
following pararapb.

Fach Selle, as Administrator will, rom the Date of the Constitucion of the Fund, be authorise, as long
as he rating assigned to the Bonds is mot impuire, that payments to the Fund are mot affected in a
egativo way, and tat notice is given to Uh Sociedad Gestora and by the later o he Rating Agencies.

(0 Permitsubrogations o the Morgage Loun contacts provided hat te characteristics of he new
debtor are similar o those ol th existing deblor and hat these are consisten! with the cera
«omtaind in he Sellers Intemal Memorandum On th Grating ol Monoge Loans.

Gi) Agres with th borrowers modifications in the rat of interes and final matuiy of the Loans.
provided th commitments taken by the Seller by vinue of the compromisos refered to in his
section a in fal viosr.

Modilications fe Interest Rate: In accordance with the Fund Regulations and this Prospectus, in the
vent tt u Seller agree he modificaions ol th interests aa Mongage Loan, and a x consequence of
the comesponding Share or Certifica, he totalty of ondinary interests accrued by the Mongage Loan
vil sil comespond to the Fund, In no event wal this renegotiaion lower the applicable margin ol a
mortgage loan, when the wcighted average margin by outstanding nominal balance of the muturty of the
mortgage loas is less han 0.75%. Additional, or Cajamar morgage loas, he date of revision of
bir interest will not be modilia, and the reference at, cxcept for he loans will a reference rate
iento EURIBOR or MIBOR

Modifications to the Final Maturity o the Lowns: In accordance vit the Fund Regulations, he Slles
an modify th final date of maturit for the Mortgage Louns of the Shares and Certificates isued by
tem. s long stc following condiios are met:

(a) — "That in al cases, the peridicty of Ue amortistion quotas of he Mongage Loar's principal is
maintained reduced, kecping the sumo amontiation system.

(6) — That nc final muturty dat Uh lun s not later han December 12%, 2033,

(c) That te Mongage Loan o be modifcd has not suflred delays in hc payment of das quotas in
tb six months prior o the modification and the Loan is currently bing pad.

(d) "That, together with the Morgage Loan, the corresponding deed of modification of he Mongage
Loan s grated and inscrbod in the Registro de la Propiedad maintsining th category of senor
mortgage.

(0) That the expenses derived from te modifican of the Montage Loans are home by th
«orresponding Seller or he loan debor and, in no case by he Fund.

(0) The amount resulting from he sum of hc initial balance of he Loans wih an extended final maturity
te will exccod 5% of initial balance of the Loans grouped in he Fund.

5


(8) In no case will he Seller, as Administrator decide without prior request from the Loan Mortgages,
the modification of th final matuiy dae of ts Mongage Loan. The Administrator vil ac, n relation
o said modification, always taking into account th interests of hc Fund,

(1) The Sociedad Gestora, in representtion of the Fund, will, at any time during the lie of hc Fund,
cancel or suspend the modiliatio fte final maturty dat om behalf he Seller

Except in th above, the modification of the Morgage Loan wil nt prevent it from adjusing to the
claratins amd guarantes included in section IV. his Prospectus.

In the vent hat the renegoition of the interest rat of any Mortgage Loan, or the modification of ts
final matuiy, he coresponding Seller vil immediately communicate to the Sociedad Gestora the resul
fe negotation, wit predice this section of he Prospects

1V.3. Mechanisms for Granting the Mortgage Loans

“The Montage Losas have been granted by the Sellers for the pupose af Financing wi a Monago
guarantee th acquision, construction o reabiion ol residencos located in Spain. senior Mortgage
Sn he full owners ol cach and every propery guaranoss said loans in question.

On the Date of Constitution, as declared by the Sellers, there ac no lawsuits of any Kind nhatscwer
latin to he Mortgage Loans that could impair cr valid.

"The Loans have been granted by the Soles in sccondance with thcir usual procedoes, which are
descrbedin Annex 70h Fund Regulations, Memorandum fr the Granting of Mortgage Loans
IVA: Historical Information on the Portfolio of Mortgage Loans

"e following tables show historical information on the Mortgage Credit ponfolio of each of the
Sellers. Information is provided on the cvolstion af the amownts of he mortgage loans.

“Alte amownts are given in thousand Euros and on December 31" of each year
CAJAMAR

Cies amo to Clint ENCINAS
codi amount wi Ra Guarani ME EXITO IEEE
eri: Lonas A5T ESO TA

Free Home mortgage loan 7. EU EAT EAS)
Variable rate residual Principal (E aos] 170 01
Arun ol desata < 90 ys (at A

5


CAIXA TARRAGONA

Zas] 2818059] 3090] 3309.08] 3702501
eso as] 13610 200310] 2200257
ESO ESO MS PEO HET
sas Losas DEPUES ES OI EST
home Mortgage Loan msn] 11297 130739 1506.495| 1850900]
amb one Morte Los Eo MECO IESO IET IE
Er ome mortgage oa os. cal 390.00] 1101.09) 1330963| 12921
mier loas (EL FRE METEO IET NECIOS EE
Nami ol Variable re los (FL town] BESO ESTO EAS
Variab rate residual Principal (AL ets] 2] 1166708) Tie 1 1070
Amount ol deu loas <90 days (no incuded 1060] 2065] 530 sia] 550] 500]

IVA > Declarations and guarantees in respect of the Sellers the Mortgage Share Certificates
“and Mortgage Transfer Certificates and the Mortgage Loans

Each Seller declares and guarantees to the Fund and the Sociedad Gestora, in respect of the
Seller, he Shares and Certificate issued and wih respect 1 the Mortgage Loans on the Date ol
th Consitution of the Fund and tbe Closing Date hat:

IVA. With respect to the Sellers

1) That tbey are credit institutions duly established in accordance with current lgisltion, they are
registered in hc Regisro Mercanil and they are auhorised to participate in the Mortgage Loan
Market.

2) That they have not been declred inolvent, in temporary reccivership or bankruptey as of e date
df Mbs Prospectus nor at any time since thcir establishment.

3) That hey have obtained all of the required authorisatios, both administrative and corporate, for
he valid granting of his doed and the commitments undentaken in such decd and the olhor
agreements related o the establishment of th Fund.

4) That hey have available audited annual accounis fr th cars 2000, 2001 and 2002 with, a the
least, a favourable opinion of the Auditor inte la one. ln th caso of Caixa Tarragona the audit
eporis for said year include an exception which docs not, in any way, negativly affect the
Solvency or lts credit capacity. The accounts have bocn deposited at the Comisión Nacional del
Mercado de Valores and the Commercial Register

5) They comply with curent legiltion regarding data protection.


DE raras reali Ei e el Tole irme fol Ss ed esc nh
Fei ina dd Merlo e Vales (Sh Ec Mar se, "CNN en Plis a! Ts alo
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

IVA2. With respect to the Shares and Certfictes

1) That the Shares and Certificates are issucd in accordance with Law 211981, Royal Decre
44/2002, Royal Decree 685/1982 and other applicable Iegisution and satisty al! requirements
established thercn for the issue of the shares and cenifictes: ad in particular tha the issue of the
Shares and Cerlictes satisics the provisions ol anicles 50 and 62 of Royal Decree 685/1982,
vih respecto the amount of mortgage warrats issued by the relevant Seller, The Shares are
issued with the protection of the Mongage Loans 1. stisíying all the requirements in Section IL of
Law Y1981 and Chapter 2 of Royal Decree 685/1982, and the Certificates ar issued with the
protection of the Morgage Loans 2, which do not satisty suid requirements, and all is in
“accordance with Additional Dispositon 5 of Law 3/1993 in the wording st ut by Article 18 of
Law 44/2002.

2) That the relevant representative bodies of the Sellers have validly adopted all of the necessary
agreements for the issu of the Shares and Certificates.

IVAZ. With respect to the Mortgage Loans derived from the Shares and Certificates"
portfolio growped in the Fund

1. "The existence, validiy and exccutbilizy of the Morigage Loans in accordance widh current
Iegislaion, and a all of applicable leal provisons have been respected in th grant taco!

2. Tha he Seller has the ownership ti o he cry of he Mortgage Loans, ad tbere is no hindrance
to he issue o le conesponding Shars and Cemficaes dt represen the Loans.

3. That he dat elating o hc Mortgage Loans included in Annex 4 0 hc Fund Regulations and in ho
Multiple Decds, rllct the current situation on the Date f the Constitucion of hc Fund and the
Closing Date, as included in he computer files of such Loans, and at said data ae correct, complete
and do not lead o any sor of rro or mistepresentaton. Furiber, any additional information on the
haractrsts of he Loan pontolio of the Seller contained in this Prospetus is comet and docs mot
lead o ny sor rro r misrepresentaton

4. Furthermore, ty declare that all Mortgage Loans accrue variable interes rats without prejudic to
be establishment, during an initial period, of fisd ats. 4740% of the Mortgage Loans (al of them
from Cajamar) have a fix minimum level of interest rate ol 294% and a maximum ol 15%

5. "That the Mongage Loss were granted for the purpose of finncing with a fist rank Mongoge
guarantee he acquisition, construcion or rehabilitation o! residence located in Spain

6. "That a senor Montage on th full owmnersip of cach and every propeny guarantes the Loans in
question. The mortgagod propetcs may not oppose resoluon or any other limitan sigh

7. "Tha ll Montgages are dly constued and registered in the corresponding registrics, ber compete
registration data mentioned in Amex 4 of 1he Fund Regulatios and in the Muliple Decd. The

registration ol he properties sn fon and unchalenged,

8. Tate Mortgages have fall owmersip of he eirty of he properties on which he Mortgages are
«onsútuted (propenies which ul te requirements o ace 27 of Royal Decree 685/1982), and the
Sellerare no aware of the cristenc of any laws relating to Uh io such proper

9. “That all mongagod housing has been subjet to previos appraisal by Appraising Ent doly
registered in dñc Bank of Spain, and that hc apprisals have been appropiately centiie. Such
“pprsials al ll requirements established in hc leisstion applicable o he mortgage market

se



Ti rap vean is Exeo le rl Tole fem rte San ans on er vi e
"comio cra dl Mead de Voir Son Secre Mn Como. “CN Pelis A. 20 al
Irma e ome ad nc mén a SaiTaoomano l|

10. The Outstanding Nominal Balance of cach Mortgage Loan 1 docs not cxcoed S0% of the aprisa
value of hc mortgaged properties in guarante of cach Mortgage Loan 1, on the date of the issue of
Ae Shares

11. The Outstanding Nominal Balance of each Mortgage Loan 2 does not excced 100% of he aprisa
value of hc mortaged properties in guarante of cach Mortgage Loan 2, on the date of the issue of
be Certificates.

12. That in he event of he cxistence of a mortgage loan granted to homes with government protection.
te coresponding maximum legal value af sal vil be taken into consideation as appsial val.

13. That e Sellers are not ave of any reduction of mor than 20% of the apraisalvalu of the value
bany ofthe properties.

14. That ll propetics subject to mortgage have full insurance coverage against th ik of fr and or
damages, the insured amount covering at least the appraisal value of hc dwelling (excluding the
value of land) or th balance oc loun on January 2151, 2004.

15. That ic information submitted by th Sellers regarding th insurance and any other accessory rights
related o the Loans s complete and accurate, ad sa fal representan o reality, i accordance
vid the dato which he Sellers aware

16, That he Sellers ae not avae ol any breach in the full payment of the insurance premium rfered to
in paragraph (14) and (15).

17. That the Mortgage Loans ful tb requirements of aicle 32 of Royal Decree 685/1982 and can
according buck hc sue of montage dec.

18. That he Mortgage Loans have been gramted to individuals and following he market critcria.

19. That the criteria contained in tho Memorandum On The Granting of Mortgage Los, includod as
“Anmex 7 of he Fund Regulations, are those normally used by te Seller in ho graming of Montage.
Loans, and tt they ae legal.

20. That the criteria contained in th bove-mentioncd Memorandum On The Graning of Monago
Loans have been dul followed.

21. That he Morsgago Lomns a represented in public deeds

22. That ll te doce efeming to mortgagos on dclings and o he Mortgage Loans ar duly deposite
with Sellers, and are avallble to hc Sociedad Gestora. Al the Loans aro clearly identiia, in
omputeised files as we as in tir decds, and hey are subject to analysis and monitoring by the
Soller

23. That al Loans are and have been servicod by the Sellers in accordance with their usual procedares
fort sevicng of Montage Loans.

24. That tere are no luvsuissliatsocver related to the Mongage Loans hat might impai ho vaidity
Abrcof or tha may fore th application of ale 1,535 of he Civil Codo, and tha hey arc unaware
df the existence ol cirumstancs that may result in ho falar of the purchase contract of the
"morgaged propenyvbich guarantcos ds Morgage Loans.

25. That none of the Mortgage Louns have payment oserdue for or 30 days.



DE raras reali Ei e el Tole irme fol Ss ed esc nh
"comio cra dl Mead de Voir Son Secre Mn Como. “CN Pelis A. 20 al
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

26. That ho Sellers, o the date of the consiion of the Fund, are not aware of th existence of any
debo, holding 4 credi right agains the Sellers might flan exception of counerlaim against the
Later, but prejudie to, f amy o hc dbrors files such a claim, he Sellers notfying th Sciedad.
¡Gestora and vil pay hc Fund the amount corresponding o th claim, lus the damages cccasioned
o Fund, duly cenificd to the Soles

27. That no mortgages can claim any exception or defence agains the Seller as regards the payment of
“ny amount related to hc Mortgage Loans.

28. Tha notice has not been givento th Sellers rerin 10 prepayment of the Monago Los,

29. That there ae no cincumstances Ahiat might jeopadis the exccution of the Montage guarantees
related o the Lom

30. That no person has a right preerenial to hat of th Fund, s holder of the Shars und Cenificates, as
regard e collection ol th amountsaisng from he Loans cxcpaprefrential leal rights.

31. That in respec of th portfolio provided by cach Seller the maximum risk level granted o 4 single
mortgagoo (define as the sum of he lie balance: ol al 1h loans granted to a single montagee by
achSeller) docs not excced, on January 2151, 2004, 297,193.02 Euros

32. That the Mortgage Louns muy not isue mortgage bonds, and hat folowing the isue of the Shars
and Cenificates, will not sue mongage warras, mongage bonds, shares or cbr cemificaos

35. Thatall he loans have ben falywithdraw.
Homogencity of he Loans.

The monsgage loans bucking tbc Shares and Certificates grouped in the Fund have boca granted by
Spanish credit nus, with the purpose of financing the acquisition, construction and restoration of
residences following the standard market analysis and granting criteria; creore the ony diffrentiating
«lement af said loans is he percentage financod over the appraisal vauc. Considering the above, al the
mortgage loans growped ind Fund can he considered homogencoss.

¡Selection of the Loans

The seccion of Mortgage Loans, taken from the 7,929 loas audited on January 215, 2004, vit alive
balance of 1hat date ol 631,157.030.66 Euros, includes Morgage Loans with annual interest rates
ctwcen 25145 and 725% Spproximutely. and with remaining wcighted term to maturity ol 273.3
mont. Al Mortgage Loans accrs interest a variable rate without prejodice to th fact that during an
initial period fixed rates muy be established. ln io initial election there are loans with a EURIBOR
reference at wilh a weighed margin 1.17% IRPH reference rate, with a weighed margin ol 0.24%;
and widh MIBOR reference rte, wilh a weighed margin of 1.02%. The margin of he loans with
EURIBOR may oscilate, as a result of he compensatios betwcen th loaner and the Eniy,beewcen 0.5
20d 1.75%.

The purpose of the Mortgage Losns underiyng the Shares and Cenifiats is the acquisition and
rehabilitation of homes by privat individaals. Neaher loans to promoces no those detinod to finance
propenies ouher than housing have been included in the selected ponolio. Some of hc loans might
include, as a guarantes, año type of propety (parking lo, promises) vil always attached o ho
clling that constitute the main guarates ol the Mongage Loan,

Te selection includes Montage Loans with up o 1 month delycd payments.

6



“The following tables ¿llusrae the distribucion of the preliminary selected Loans according to
geographical location of 1he propeny, date of isue, current balance, interest rate, reference rat,
remaining lem lo matar. appeal. valo and raro. These tables have been claborsted with
information current on January 215, 2004.

mn]



Information as ol 21/03/2004

PRELIMINARY LOAN SELECTION, TDA 19-MIXTO ISSUE

WEIGHTED —— WEIGHTED Max
MIEIGHTED. AVERAGE AVERAGE — MinCURRENT CURRENT
REMAINING TOTAL CURRENT CURRENT AVERAGE INITIAL REMAINING TERM CURRENT — INTEREST INTEREST
TERM NUMBER  BALANCEEUROS BALANCE% TERM(months) (months) INTERESTRATE
3000-4500 5382180
45,050.00 1203.045:90
50.00-75.00 112176381
75.0 - 90.0 2120.040.76
30.00 - 105.00 31865743
105,90 120,00 12011.693.90
120,90 135.00 4:118.004,17
135,00 - 150,00 10.681.887.51
150,00 165.00 8.420859.63
165,90 - 180.00 42081.554.33
180,90 - 195.00 1315496382
195,00 - 210.00 1770939802
210,00-225,00 17.846:39786
225.00- 240.00 81788.100.49
240,00 255.00 7589.861,13
255,00-270.00 18294.501.25
270,00-285,00 27.382.074.15
285,00- 300,00 s0913.981.90
300,00 315.00 1808208128
315,00 390.90 34897451.61
390,00 345.00 58541.738:38
345.00 360.00 A 19.87962283
599.999.999.96 10000



Information as o121/01/2004
PRELIMINARY LOAN SELECTION, TDA 19-MIXTO ISSUE
the property)

WEIGHTED—— WEIGHTED Min max
WIEIGHTED. AVERAGE AVERAGE — CURRENT CURRENT
PROPERTY TOTAL CURRENT CURRENT AVERAGEINIMIAL — REMAINING CURRENT INTEREST INTEREST
PROVINCE BALANCE EUROS BALANCE % TERM(months) — TERM(months) INTEREST RATE RATE
PAUCANTE 0138405
facmenta 1.432198,70
[BARCELONA 154:987.648,30
[caoiz 317029594,
[casreL.on 207.986.36
[ceuta 691.656.28
[corposa 123,946.87
[cuenca 126.952.74
[senona. 29043281
[óñanana 201.757:31
[suaDaLaJaRa 28740227
IhueLva. 74:144,51
Lera 8.085.969.78
Luco 50,529.82
Iuaorio 2299125960
IuaLaca. 85.051.269.76
huentca 297,530.82
Iuuacia 1107342984
Inavasña 9817947
Ponreveona 4397105
[s.c. DE TENERIFE 73.066,73
[secovia 267.298.43
[sevita 371,328.76
[TARRAGONA 98.808.444.87
[roLeDo 73055588
[vatencia 957,386.28
Izaracoza 2448499
TOTAL 509.999.99



Information as ol 21/01/2004

PRELIMINARY LOAN SELECTION, TDA 1:

IXTO ISSUE

WEIGHTED.
WEIGHTED AVERAGE Max

CURRENT WIEIGHTED AVERAGE CURRENT  MinCURRENT CURRENT

INTEREST TOTAL CURRENT — CURRENT AVERAGE INIAL —REMAINING — INTEREST — INTEREST INTEREST

RATE NUMBER BALANCE EUROS BALANCE% TERIM(months) —TERM(months) RATE RATE

200-300 17408297250

300-400 238.927.127.48

400-500 1714428747

500-600 15.063,940.44

500-700 s321.01

790-890 3987408

599.999.599.96 10000



Information as o/ 21/01/2004

LOANTO
VALUE

PRELIMINARY LOAN SELECTION, TDA 19-MIXTO ISSUE

BALANCE EUROS BALANCE
ETE
1.009.812,23
1262.069,96
3473769,79
4.884.595:97
TIT8:D ST
12:118.599,84
15728:359,43
19.087.584,52
24215:469,53
29:188.899.27
32.800.087,53
42258.811.99
52977:499,18
82.995:409,41
189.129.576.16
32.560.146,82
25290.926,59
12018:98,39
15293:158,76
599.999.599,96

WEIGHTED
TOTAL CURRENT CURRENT AVERAGE INITIAL.
(months)

TERM

6

WEIGHTED
AVERAGE
REMAINING
TERM

WEIGHTED.
AVERAGE Min
CURRENT WEIGHTED — CURRENT
INTEREST AVERAGE LOAN INTEREST
BATE TOVALUERATIO — RATE

max

CURRENT

INTEREST
RATE



Information as 01 21/01/2006

WEIGHTED
WEIGHTED AVERAGE Min max
WEIGHTED AVERAGE CURRENT WEIGHTED CURRENT CURRENT
REFERENCE TOTAL CURRENT — CURRENT AVERAGEINTIAL — REMAINING INTEREST AVERAGE — INTEREST INTEREST
NUMBER BALANCE EUROS BALANCE%  TERMímonths)  TERM(months) MARGIN
382402407 08
329.718.998
118483.691.05
87.092:973,15
18548558189
962.42229
450197

19424514839
15873167451
37.094.868,14
860.415.05
558.190.59

19:952.444.49
149914871
11:400:180,87
368.301.42
ENERO

EXE



Intormation as of 21/01/2004

PRELIMINARY LOAN SELECTIO!
(Grouped by next e:

WEIGHTED —— WEIGHTED lin Max

NEXT MIEIGHTED AVERAGE AVERAGE — CURRENT CURRENT

INTEREST TOTAL CURRENT CURRENT AVERAGE INITIAL —REMAINING CURRENT — INTEREST INTEREST

BALANCE EUROS BALANCE% TERM (months) — TERM(months) INTERESTRATE RATE

ADO 7
21:529.826.52
29.865.127.57
273141078
41296.096.01
56548.14074
130.218.350.85
TO 11261246
70.474.259.96
48.361.226.66
27251.839.49
29.739.79976
3506.549.20
82755.76
118.098.05
8456454
22520858
890.789.63
3.596.754 52
2799.559.3
20354179
599.999.999,96

978
890
579
354
E]
se
1
2
1
3

233

e


Information as o/ 21/01/2004

PRELIMINARY LOAN SELECTION, TDA 19-MIXTO ISSUE
(Grouped by

WIEIGHTED —— WEIGHTED — WEIGHTED
CURRENT INMAL RESIDUAL — CURRENT MInCUBRENT MaxCURRENT
TOTAL CURRENT BALANCE — MATURITY — MATURITY INTEREST — INTEREST INTEREST
DELINQUENCY (months) NUM BALANCE EUROS (months) (months) RATE RATE RATE
583250.229,3. 9

7.525 53959999996 10000



Information as ol 21/01/2004
PRELIMINARY LOAN SELECTION, TDA 19-MIXTO ISSUE

WEIGHTED —— WEIGHTED. Min Max

WIEIGHTED AVERAGE AVERAGE CURRENT CURRENT

TOTAL CURRENT CURRENT AVERAGE INMIAL — REMAINING — CURRENT — INTEREST INTEREST
ER BALANCE EUROS _BALANCE% TERM (months) _ TERM (months) INTEREST RATE

13458.076.84
2713179601
66.441.748.57
39.423.708.77
113,006.600,48
340.329132.65
599.999.999.96 10000



Intormatian as 21/01/2004

WEIGHTED — WEIGHTED — AVERAGE Min Max

WEIGHTED AVERAGE AVERAGE CURRENT CURRENT CURRENT

CURRENT BALANCE TOTAL CURRENT CURRENT AVERAGE INTIAL —REMAINING — CURRENT BALANCE INTEREST INTEREST

EUROS NUMBER BALANCE EUROS BALANCE% TERM (months) TERM(months) INTEREST RATE EUROS

0001500000, EEES 327078
15.000.00-90.000.0 9971.002.54 25749390
30.000,00 - 45.000,00 34298.825.58 28.80.01
5.000,00 -60.000.00 7274224178 5947899
0.000,00 -75.000.00 8621486746 5200819
75.000,00 - 50.000,00 89.855735,10 8297621
90.000,00 105.000.00 20.090.578.93 9738729
105.000,00 -120.000.00 7139098872 123158
120.000,00 -135.000,00 46:300.78870 126991,29
135.000,00 - 15.000,00 3732748201 142.801,54
15.000,00 -165.000,00 19.908.995,77 15756597
165.000,00 - 180,000.00 1657528080 172791,58
180.000,00 -195.000,00 771431044 188,221.41
195.000,00 -210.000,00 175381058 202795:47
210.000,00 -225.000.00 359455834 217.481.57
225.000,00 -240.000,00 307224754 296:36128
240.000,00 -255.000.00 320273971 246:433.0
255.000,00 -270.000.00 2908.134.02 254.009:31
270.000,00 -285.000,00 543,504.03 27121228
285.000.00 _300.000.00 144820381 289.702,70
599.399.39996 100.00 9897188



Ti papa ria o Exeo le rl Foto fem red San nes on end vi
"Comi cora dl Mercado de Vols Sn Secre Mn Cmiro. “CNM Jo Pess 4,0
Utsmar" dad he Sun ape sc fal an mb cor ras dolo toma a
ra aurora pon nudo o

CHAPTER Y

FINANCIAL AND ECONOMIC INFORMATION RELATING TO THE
FUND TDA 19-MIXTO

1 Balance of the Fund, Table of Assumplioos and
inancial Flows ol the Fund.

Trial Balance of th Fund

eE “oros
[one Tondes Ceres | 71200 230S0|D Bande sra]

va,

Assumptions

"hc tables helow refer to Ihree of the possible assumptions, (constant prepayment rates ol 5%, 10%
“and 15%) that, in respect ol th income and payments made by the Fund, might occur during the life
fte Fund and the Bonds issuc,

For the calculation of the financial service table of the Fund, he data have been taken from the
portoli rtered to in he previous Chapter on January 2151, 2004.

ln relaion o the Shares and Certificates

+ Volume of the Loan Portolio from which the Loans underiying the issue of Shares and
Ceniicates will be selected: $99,999.999.96

Shares: 522,196,769.40 Euros
Cenificaes: 7720523056 Euros.
+ Interest Rate hc weighted average interest rate for the Shares and Certificates pontolio is 3.53%,

without prejdice to th revisions which will be established in accordance with te following.
paragraph.

n


Ti papa ria o Exeo le rl Foto fem red San nes on end vi
"Comi cora dl Mercado de Vols Sn Secre Mn Cmiro. “CNM Jo Pess 4,0
Unimdnfcó e uh e 3) el dd ca al a

+ The interest rate ol the loans on cach period: the curent margin on January 215, 2004, for cach
ne of hem tots ovnineres rate. From March 315t, 2004, it will be held constant, and ts value
is calculated: a) for he loans reterred to MIBOR and EURIBOR, the value is equal to the
reference of the Bonds b) for loans with reference rats diferen from those above, the value is
qual to the MIBOR established in accordance with a) plus 1.2086.

+ Weighted average initial life of the Shares and Cenifiates contained in th portfolio: 274 months
+ Annual prepayement rate: ascumption SO, 10% and 15%

+ Shores Default rate: 0.3% annually for ho Detuuled Shares and Certificates, rom February 2005,
“and 75% recoveris from th Default Stock year later.

Bonds
+ Total Amount: 600.000.000 Euros.
A Bonds: 567,300.000 Faros
E Bonds: 19.200.000 Euros
€ Bonds: 6.000.000 Euros.
D Bonds: 7,500,000 Euros
+ Interest Rate Variable annual interest to be paid quanery. The Bond's interest rate ist result of
tb following sur: an EURIBOR ate of 2080%%, a margin of 0.23% for the A Bonds, a margin of
0.60% for the B Bonds, a margin of 1.10% for the C Bonds, and a margin of 3.50% for the D'
Bonds, For the fist period an intepolstion between 3 and 4 month EURIBOR has boen
considered, resulting in rate of 20894
Other Resources Deposited
Tas diflcrence between the amount corresponding to th issue of the Bonds and th balance of the
Shares and Cenificates acquired by the Fund is included under the heading “Oller Resources
Deposited”. This amount, 0.04 Euros in the previous balance. will be deposted at the Fund's Account
vn Ac fest Payment Date, date in which lt will be full desined to the Bonds amortisaion:
reverbeles, ts not relcctod in h Financial Tables

Initial Expenses Loan:

+ Amount: 698,700 Euros. The amount of the Loan will be used pay the initial expenses of the
Fund.

+ Ioterest Rat: he Loan beurs variable annual interest rate cqual to the Reference Interest Rate of
the Bonds dorng such period plus a margin of 0.75%

+ Amortisaion: The amontisaon o he Initial Expenses Loan will e made in 20 consecutivo and
qual quotas, he fis of wich wil ak plce on hc ist Payment Date June 2", 204) nd the
est on te following Payment Dates.

n



DE rEPaai a vento vo EG Te aer Tale hiere dale SR ssl od CR
"Comi cora dl Mercado de Vols Sn Secre Mn Cmiro. “CNM Jo Pess 4,0
Unimdnfcó e uh e 3) el dd ca al a

Subordinated Loan:

+ Amount: 1.100.000 Euros. The amount of hc Loan will be used by the Sociedad Gestora to cover
Abe difference of he Fund. on he fir Payment Date, betcen the interes accrual and payment of
the Shares and Comifiates.

+ Ioterest Rat: the Loan bes variable annual interest rate equal to the Reference Interest Rate of
the Bonds dorng such period plus a margin of 0.75%

+ Amonisation: The amorisution will take place on coch Payment Date by a reduction of the
outstanding principal in relation 10 the need for resources to cover the difference between the
“cerual and payment of the interest of he Shares and Certificates

Participativo Loan:
+ Amount: 12,600,000 Euros. The amount of the Loan will be used to establish the Reserve Fund.

+ Interest Rate: The remuneration of the Loan will have two components, a fixed one equal to the
interests accrued by the Outstanding Nominal Balance o! he loan st an interest rate equal to the
Reference Interest Rate of the Bonds during such period, plus a margin ol 1%, And another
component ol variable nature, which wil! be determined in accordance with section V-3. of
this Prospectus.

+ Amonisation: Amortisaion o he Panticipaive Loan will take place on cach Payment Date for an
“amount equal to Uh amos in which he Minimum Level o he Rescrve Fund is reduced,

Financial Swap: The Fund will swap with Bear Stcaras Bank Ple th result of multiplying the
úocional amount of the financial swap by the calculaion factor, in order to mulbply this nacional
“amount by the Reference Interes Rate of the Bonds.

Reinvestment of the Flows: The flows received by the Fund (principal and interest of le Low
portolis) vil be reinvested atan interest rate equal to he current reference rte of the Bonds.

Expenses: Payments to the Sociedad Gestora. On cach Payment Date a fixed commission of 10,000
Esos plus 1/4 of 0.0380% of he Outstanding Balance of th Share and Comifiates at he beginning
of the Transfer Period. There are no expenses expected for the Fund, except Underweting
Commission, included in he Initial Expenses Loan and the peridical commission of he Sociedad
¡Gestora other expenses: pres, rating agencies and audios.

VA2, Table of the Income and Expenses of the Fund

IMPORTANT NOTE FOR THE INVESTOR.
The information in he following table is provided cely on an ilstraive busis and the cited amounis
do not represent concrete payment obliztios by the Fund to third parties on th corrspondina dates



Cr peñas to which 1y refer. The data have Been calculaed under ascumptcns ol defaul and
úprepayment rates consta throughout hc le of the Fund, but in reality subject to continucus change;
herelor, any invetorinersted in knowing the expected payment schcdol on any paricular date
hosld reques he perinent informañon from: the institutions auborisod to distrito he Sociedad

jestora. AJAF Market and CNMV, This information is slo available through the Undererites ad
“aber active in Ah socomdary mat, As stated in section V2. of this Prospectus, the Sociedad.
(Gestora commis isc to make the infomation relating therto available to he general public. ln
adáitiobe interest ato he Bonds used or purposes of he clculation in he following table oh
Financial service of le Fund might not coincido with he rate assigned on he Issue Date

2”








DE raras rose Ei e rl Tole hiere dll o ess e etc ne |
"comio cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. "CNN Pelis 8.20 al
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
tr oro dro pon nudo e Ne

V.13. Calendar of the Fund!

Date of Constitution: Ecbruary 27", 2004. Establishrunt of the Pund, Issue and Subscription by the
Fund of he Shares and Certificates ad issue of thc Bonds.

Closing Date: March 3, 2004. Disbursement of he Bonds and payment of he Shares and Centficats.
Beginning ol hc accrual ol interest on the Shares and Corilicates and the Bonds.

Collection Period of the Sellers, as Loan Administrators: Calendar months. The amount collected
From the borrowers during cach calendar month are transfered to the Fund,

Collection Period of Fund: transfer from the Sellers, as loan administrator, to th Fund's Account:
(6) Cajamar will make transfes daily and (6) Caixa Tarragona will make transfers weekly, cach
Tuesday, o, if such day is mot a business day, the immediately following business day and the
usiness day following th last day ol each calendar month.

úCalculation Date of he Fund: 2 day of every calendar month. Calcultion of the amownts collected
y th Fund as a consequence of the administration of the loans by the Sellers, together with the
Technical Advance. These amounts will be trantered, on he same day. from tho Tmnsfer Account
to the Fund's Account In the event its nota Business Day, he Transfer Date will be the immediately
preceding Business Day.

Payment Dates of the Fund: March 2206, June 22nd, September 2204 and December 22% of e
year during the life of he Fund, Payment to the Bondholders, payment of interes on the Loans Inial
Expenses Loan, Subordinted Loan and Participtive Loan), payment of commissions to the Sociedad
Gestora, and repayment of he principal of the Loans (Initial Expenses Loan, Subordinated Loan and
Participativo Loan). In he cvent that such date is not a Business Day, the Payment Date wil! be the
immediately following Business Day.

Determination Date: The interest mate applicable for cach accrual period for all Seics of Bonds vil be
determined on hc second Business Day prior to the Payment Date on which begins the corresponding
“acerual period. The fust Determination Date will be March Is, 2004.

Notificaion Date: March 200, June 204, September 20h and December 201 of cach year for the
entre life of the Fund_ o th business days immediately prior. Notfictin of the amounts to Be paid
ón account of principal and interest to tn holders of th Bonds.

V2. Accounting of the Fund

The Fund will account forincome and expenses on an acrual basis

3) Shures and Comificates subscribe by the Fund: the Share and Cenifiates are recorded om th balance
host of he Fund in an amount equal to tir nominal valve

Interests om the Shares and Cenifiats are recondd in the profitand loss account on an accrual psi.

Interest due, but unpaid, o he Shares and Contfcates not declaod Defwulted a recorded as an ase on
tie balance het

Matured interest and outstanding principal 0 he Shares and Cetificates declarcd Defaultd ae recorded

ds am st xp os css in vic e demensro Monge prop ds or
provide a suficien guarani.

7



DE raras rose Ei e rl Tole hiere dll o ess e etc ne |
"comio cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. "CNN Pelis 8.20 al
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

bo) Bonds jsucd: The Bonds are recorded asa ibilay on the balance sheet of the Fund, in an amos
qual to hcirrcimbursement value

Interest payable by vine of the Bonds is recorded in he profit nd loss account on an accual basis; he
portion there which has ds accrued which is due, but unpaid, is recorded in a related Habiles

e) Fund's Account, Transfer Accownt und Reinvestment Accosnt: Liquiday accounts of he Fund held at
te Financial Agent and att Seller, with pre-cstablished rcinvestment mechanisms

The amount of the accounts is recorded as an ass of the Fund, whil he income and expenses of his
“count are par of income and expenses of tb Fund.

dá) Operation Expenses, Commissions and Remuneraion
¿rin tir acraal period.

commissions and expenses are deducble

e) Technical Advances: On every Calculaion Dat, he Technical Advance obtained on the preceding
Calculation Date is considered as deducible from th payment corresponding to th Collection Period
Subject o payment, and a new Technical Advance, corresponding lo th subsequen payment, can be
requested.

1) Initial Expenses Loan, Subordinted Loan and Participativo Loan: Interest of these Loans will he
“accouned for in every period on an acrual basis

Fiscal year: The accounting periods of the Fund shall commence on January 1* and end on December
31% of cach year, excepa or the fis accounting period, which will commence on he Closing Date and
“ceminat on December 31%, 2004.

Result he net result in achica year mas be ni.
VA, Other Financial Operations and Credit Enhancement
V34. Subordinated Los

Cajamar and Caixa Tarragona vil gran, in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Contract, a
Subordinated Loan to he Fund (hercon, Subordinated Loan) for a total amount of 1.100.000 Euros
distributed as follows

Cajamar 693,215 Euros
Caixa Tarragona —— 406785 Euros

Tas amount of the Subordinatod Losn will e forwarded on the business day prior to he fist Payment
Date to the Fund's Account opened a the Financial Agent

This amount will e used by the Sociedad Gestora to cover the difference, on the first Payment Date,
etwcen the interes of the Share and Cenifiatesaccrucd and paid.

Tas Loan will accrue a variable interest rate cual to the Reference Inrest Rate of the Bonds current

at cach moment plus a margin 0.75%. Payment of said interest will e subject o th priority order
¿described in soction V:42.

”



DE raras rose Ei e rl Tole hiere dll o ess e etc ne |
"comio cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. "CNN Pelis 8.20 al
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

Tac amorisation of the Loan will take place on the date f ho liquidation of the Fund. Nevertheless,
the amortisation of the Loan on cach Payment Date will be free until ls amorisation, established by
the Sociedad Gestora in accordance with the estimated need for resources lo cover the balance

etween the acerual and payment of the Shares and Conifictes by th Farid

Tac entity of he amount to be paid to the Sellers of both interest acerued and amortisaion of
principal acerued by the Loan, will be subject o he priority order established in section V-4.2. and, in
conseguence, will only be paid to the Sellers on any speciic Payment Date. in the event hat the
Available Resources ol the Fund on such Payment Date are suficint to attend th obligaions f the
Fund listed in sections () through (xvi) of said scction in relation to interests and () rough (xx) for
the principal.

Al amount, which, with respec oh above sections, are not paid to the Sellers will be cffected on
te following Payment Dates in which the Available Resources allow for such a payment in
“accordance with the establish priority order.

Those amounts owed to he Sellers and not paid in respect to what is establishcd in the
“forementioned sections, will not acera penalty interests its favowr.

32. Initial Expenses Loan
The Sellers Cajamar and Caixa Tarragona vil grat, in accordance with hc Initial Expenses Loa

Contract, a Subordinated Loan to the Fund (hercon, Initial Expenses Loan) for a total amount of
698.300 Euros, distributed as follows

Cajamar 465.800 Faros

Caixa Tarragona —— 232900 Faros

Tas amount of the Inial Expenses Loan wi
Account opened at he Financial Ager.

be forwanded on the Closing Date to the Fand's

The amount will be used by the Sociedad Gestora to pay the initial expenses of th Fund
oresponding to the Bonds.

Tis Loan will accrue a variable interest rate cual to the Reference Interest Rate of the Bonds current
“at cach moment plus a margin of 0.75%. Payment of said interest will be subject to he priority order
¿described in section V:42.

Te amortisaon f the Losa vil he made in 20 equal and consecutivo qutas, th is of which váll
take plae on the fs Payment Dat June 22”, 2004) and there on tc following Payment Dates,
lin accordance vih te priority ondrdesonbd in section VA. of is Prospecta.

Th entrety of 1he amounts to be paid to the Sellers, on account of bolh interest acerued and
amoniatio of principal accrued by the Initial Expenses Loan, will e subjec o he priority order
payments described in section V-4.2. and, in consequence, will oy be paid to the Sellers on any
specific Payment Date, in the event that the Available Resources of the Fund on such Payment Date
are sufficiet to attend he obligtions of the Fund listed in sections (through (xvi of aid section in
relation o interests and (through (xix) or the principal

Al amount, which, with respec oh above sections, are not paid to the Sellers will be cffected on
“he following Payment Dates in which the Available Resources allow for such a payment in
“accordance with the cstablisd priority order.

so


DE raras rose Ei e rl Tole hiere dll o ess e etc ne |
"comio cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. "CNN Pelis 8.20 al
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

Those amounts owed to he Sellers and not paid in respect to what is establishcd in the
“forementioned sections, will not acera penalty interests its favowr.

VAS. Participative Loan
"The Selles Cajamar and Caixa Tarragona vil grat o the Fund, a is established in the Participativo

Loan Contract, a subordinated loan to the Fund thereon, Partcipative Loan) destined by the Sociedad
¡Gestora ta the inial establishment of the Reserve Fund. The total amount of the Participativo Loan

vil be 12.600.000 Euros, distributed as follows:
Cajamar 6.400.000 Euros
Caixa Tarragona —— 6200.000 Euros

(On the Closing Date cach Seller vil transfer the corresponding amount of the Patcipative Loan to
te to th Fund's Account

Amortisation f he Partiipative Low will e made on cach Payment Date for an amount equal to the
“amount in which, on cach Payment Date, the Minimum Leve of the Reserve Fund is reduced, all in
“ccondance with the priority ol payments establishod in sceion V-b2

Due to the subordinated mature of the Participaive Loan, in relation to the rest of the Funds
bligatons, and hat is reimbursement depends on the performance of the Shares and Certificates,
“and the evolution of the interest rates pd to the Bonds ¡sucd, the remuneration of the Participaive
Loan will have two componen, one known and another one varible and relatd o the evolution of
he risk of the Fund:

(6) "Fixed Remuneration of Paicipative Loan": the Outstanding Nominal Balance of Participave
Loan will acerue interests calculted on the base of a variable interest ate equal to the reference
interest rate ol the Bond current at cach moment, in accordance with section 10. af his Prospectas
plus a margin ol 19%

(is) "Variable Remuneratio of Panicipaive Loan", will be equal to the positive difirence between ()
be interests and cer amountsrecived from the Shares and Centictesgrouped in hc Fund plus the
icld generated by to Fund's invesiments: (1) plus, the net amount derived rom the Swap Contract
minus li) the expenses including taxes) of the Fund and which will bo calculated in accordance with
Claus 14.5. ofthe Fund Regulañons

V.34. Reserve Fund

“As coverage for possible losses ds to unpaid andor defaulcd Mortgage Loans, and in order to allow
be payments to be made by the Fund, in accordance with the priorty order established in section
14.2. 06 his Prospectus, a Reserve Fund will be established,

"hc Reserve Fund will be consttued initialy on he Closing Date, with charge to hc Patcipaivo
Loan, for an amount of 12.600.000 Euros

(On cach Payment Date, ho Reserve Fund will e funded, in ts case, until the Minimum Level of the
Rescrve Fund is reached, with the resources that on cach Payment Date, ae available 1o such efec,
in accordance wi the priority order described in section V.42.

Tas Minimum Level of the Reserve Fund will e the lesor of th following amownts:

"



DE raras rose Ei e rl Tole hiere dll o ess e etc ne |
"comio cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. "CNN Pelis 8.20 al
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

2.1% of sum of th ni

amount of he issue of Bonds.
4.2% of sum of he Outstanding Nominal Balance of the issue of the Bonds.

No reduction of he Reserve Fund will be made when one of the following situations takes place

6) fte Reserve Funds notas required level.

(i) Te Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shares and Certificates with non-payments equal or
above 90 days is higher than 1% of the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shares and
Cenilicates

(ii) Ke Sociedad Gestora docs not liquidate the Fund, when the Outstanding Nominal Balance
fte Shares and Comiliates is below 109% of ci ntal balance,

"hs Minimum Level of the Reserve Fund vil not fall elow, on cach Payment Dat, to 1he higher of
the following amount

1) 1.05% of iiil balance ote issue of he Bonds.

2) 05% of the initial balance of the issue of the Bonds, plus the higher of (5 0.959 of hc Outstanding
"Nominal Balance of he Shares and Cenifictes issued by Caixa Tarragona or (4) the higher of the
“amounts collected in he las 6 Calculation Dates by the Fund in respect oh Shares and Cerilicates
issued by Caixa Tarragona multplicd by 1.05

Tas amounts of the Reserve Fund will be deposited at he Fund's Account with dc guarantecs
described in section V.3.5. o his Prospectas.

VAS. Deposit of the Resources of the Fund
V.351. Transfer Account

The Fund vil have the Financial Agent, in accordance with th Financial Sevics Contrac,
a banking account in hc name of the Fund Transter Account) through which, on cach
Transter Dat the Sellers will make al payments due to th Fund from the Sellers, exce he
“moss tranfemed to the Reinvestment Accounts, in sccordanc with th following sections.

The amounts deposite in the Transfer Accoun (daily for Cajamar and weekly for Caixa
'arragona) and which correspond to the Amount Collectd o be paid by th Selles in the next
Calculaion Date, will be transferd lo Abe Reinvestmen Account before 11.30 am on the
corresponding Calculation Date value thu same day, within he profas f the Transfer Account
corresponding Calulsion Period.

The Amount Collected will be the total amount dt the Selles collect, during the
corresponding month, ts Collection Period, as a consequence of th admision ol the
loans, corresponding o the Shares and Certificates

The Transfer Account may not have a negativo balance against hc Fund. The balances of he
Transfer Account will e Rep in cash

The amonmtsdepositd in the Transfer Account vil aceros interest in fuvour of he Fund om he
basis ol 2 varabl rate cqual to the result of reducing the avere of he Interbank mart
interest at 1 month publited by Banco de Espuña. by a margin ol 030%. The average ol ho

13



DE raras rose Ei e rl Tole hiere dll o ess e etc ne |
"comio cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. "CNN Pelis 8.20 al
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

Interbank mark interest rte 1 month pablshcd by Banco de España, and he vay to calcula
the interest sccrucd y th Fans Account will o determined in he Financial Service Contract,

In te event tt the rating of the Financial Agent, granted by the Rating Agencies, for short
term risk fas below PI (Moody's) or Fl (Fichy,tSociedad Gestora will carey out on behalf
the Fund and in he 10 business days following such reduction and prior consultan with
th Rating Agencies, the necessary options from those described Below, lo mainain an
“dute leve of guarantee in espect ol dh compromisos derived from the maintenance ol he
Transfer Account:

brain from the Financial Agent, a guarantes in favour of the Fund regarding financial assets
wi a credit rating not inferior to PI granted by Moody's or Ple by Fiteh. or another
recognised by the Rating Agencies, with a term cqual to S days prior o the following
Payment Date, for an amount sufficiet to guarantec the compromisos described in the
Financial Service Contract

Obtain from a credit ctty with rating for short term risk no less than PL, granted by
Moody's, or Fl by Fitch, or other recognised by the Rating Agencies, a guarani regarding
the compromisos assumed by the Financial Agent,

Replace the Financial Agent for another credit entity with a rating no less than PI, granted by
Moody's or Fl by Fitch or other recognised by the Rating Agencies, that will astume, under
the same conditios, th functions o hc Financial Ager

V352. Fund's Account

Tas Fund will have at the Financial Agent, and in accordance with hat established in the Financial
Service Contact, banking account in the name ofihe Fund (Fund's Accoun) through which on cach
Calculaion Date, al the amounis due o the Fund from cach Seller will be made; with the exception
df those amownts transicrred to the Reinvestment Accounts described in the following sections and
vwbich will transfer to the Fund's Account on th Business Day immediately prior to cach Payment
Dat

Tas amounts deposited in he Transfer Accoun, and which correspond to the Amount Colleted to be
paid by the Sellers on the next Calculaion Date together with the Technical Advance, will be
transerted o the Funds Account together with th retuns o the Transer Account corresponding to
be previous Teanster Period, before 11.30 am on the corresponding Calculation Date value hat day.

Following instructions by the Sociedad Gestora, all necessary payments to satsfy the obligaions of
te Fund will be mado through the Fund's Account.

Tac Fund's Account will not have a negative balance against the Fund. Al balances of the Fund's
Account vil be maintained in cash.

Tas amounts deposite in the Fund's Account will accrue interest in favour of he Fund on the basis
af a variable rate equal to the result of reducing the average ol the Interbank market interest rate 1
month published by Banco de España, by a margin of 030%, The average of the Interbank market
interest rate 1 month published by Banco de España, and the way to calculte the intros accrued by
the Fund' Account will e determined in the Financial Service Contract

In he event that rating of the Financial Agent, given by the Rating Agencies for short crm risk, is
reduced below PI, for Moody's or Fl for Fitch, the Sociedad Gestora wil, prior consultation with
the Rating Agencios, take one of the following decisions aithin the 10 business days folowing said



DE raras rose Ei e rl Tole hiere dll o ess e etc ne |
"comio cra dl Mead de Voir Sn Secre Mn Comino. "CNN Pelis 8.20 al
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
[ra oro dolor nr e o

downgrading to maintain an adequate level of guarates in respec of the compromises derived from
the maintenance of the Fund's Account:

Obtain from the Financial Agent, a guarantee in favosr of the Fund regarding financial asscs with a
credit rating not inferior to Pl granted by Moody's or Fl+ by Fitch, or anthe recogisod by the
Rating Agencies, with a term equal to S days prior to the following Payment Date, for an amount
sufficient to guarantee the compromises described in he Financial Service Contract

'Obtain from a credit emy with rating for short term risk no less than PI, granted by Moody's, or PI
by Pich, or other recognised by the Rating Agencies, a guarames regarding the compromisos
assumed by the Financial Agent

Replace the Financial Agent for another credit entity wi a ring no less than PI, granted by
Moody's or FI by Flch, or other recognised by the Rating Agencies, that will ascume, under the same
conditions, the function ofhe Financial Agent

V.353. Reinvestment Account

In he event that a Seller obtais a rting equal o th highest rating for short crm risk, granted by the
Rating Agencies (Pl for Moody's or Fl for Fitch) or any other Rating Agency recognised by hem. the
Sociedad Gestora will open an account (hercon, Reinvestment Account) in the name of he Fund at
lle corresponding Seller hercon, Seller With Rating). rough which on each Caculation Date, al the
“monte hat the Fund were to receive from the Seller. The Seller Wi Rating will sign a contract
with the Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of he Fund, o regulate the management of the Reinvestment
Account

Tao Seller With Rating will undentak the services of management and maintenance of he aoresaid
account, in accordance with regular banking practice. Expenses generated from the maintenance of
Said account vil be ascigned o the Seller, except when the expenses are generated by the negligence
fe Sociedad Gestora

Positive balances resulting at cach of the Reinvestment Account, will accrue an annual variable
interest rate in favour of the Pund, equal to EURIBOR as defined in the corresponding Contrato de
Depósito con Tipo de Interés Garantizado,

Prior consulation with ho Sociedad Gestora, the Seller With Rating.
payments to attend the obligaions of the Fund ibrough th Financial Agent

1 make all the necessary

In te event that the Seller With Rating is downgradod by the Rating Agencies, toa rating inferior to
e highest rating for short term risk, the Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the Fund, will traster al the
amounts deposite a the Reinvestment Account to the Fund's Account. Equally, and from that
moment, suid Seller will transfer on cach Transfer Date, al! the amouns that, as Loan Administrator,
“and in accordance with this Prospecta, t obtais in the futur, Nevertheless, 1h Seller presents a
banking endorsement, suffciet in the opinion of the Sociedad Gestora, from a credit etty with a
rating cqual to the maximum granted by the Rating Agencies for short term risk, guarantecing the
total avalabiley of the amounts deposited in the Reinvestment Account, the Seller will be able to
maintain th Reimvestment Accosnt

At the time of he signing of the Fund's Regulations, no Seller has a sufficiet rating. in accordance
vvithihis section to apen a Reimvesiment Account,

se



DE raras rose Ei e rl Tole hiere dll o ess e etc ne |
Fent ina dd Merlo de Valve (Sh Ec Mar Cue, "CNN en Plis a! Ts lo
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
tr oro dro pon nudo e Ne

V.34. Technical Advance

Taking into account that some of hc delays in the payments mado by the borrowers have an intrim
or technical character, and with the purpose ol avoding hat such delays negatiely affect he low ol
payments to the Bondholders, and taking into account that there is  lase ol 20 days between he end
of the Collection Period and the Calculaion Date on behalf of the Fund, and that the amounis
collected by the Seller, as Loan Administrator, belong to hc Fund, the Sociedad Gestora, on behall 01
he Fund, will be entiled to reccive on every Calculation Date an advance on account of such

Tas amount of he Technical Advance cannot excced the amount collected by the Seller, of the Loans
it adminiser, for any concept related to the Fund in relation to the Shares and Certificates, from the
end af the last Collection Period until the Calculaion Date on which the Technical Advance is

requested.

Tas Sociedad Gestora will calculte the Technical Advance for cach Transfer Dat, as an amount
equal to Ah sum of the matured amounts and not yet collected by the Seller, doring the previous
Transfer Period, for principal and interest from the Shares and Comifiates issued by the Seller
úunderying th defaulted Mortgage Loans on the Calculation Date on which hc Technical Advance is
requested, taking into account hc limittions described in the previous paragraph. The Technical
“Advance vil ot be superior, in respect of each Mortgage Lom, to th interests and principal on the
last guata

On each Calculation Date, he Technical Advance delivered on hc previous Calculaion Date may be
deducted from the amounts to be trnsfered, and a new Technical Advance corresponding o the
following payment may be requested,

V.37. Financial Interest Swap Contract

The Sociedad Gestora, in representtion and on behalf of the Fund, will sele with Bear Stearns Bank
Ple a Financial Swap Contract described as follows

Part A: Bear Stearns Bank Ple

Part: Sociedad Gestora, in represctstion and on behalf of the Fund.

"hc Liquidation Dates vil coincide with hc Payment Dates of the Bonds, March 220d, Juno 2204,
¡September 22nd and December 2206, or if his dae is not a Business Day. the immediately following
Business Day. The fis Payment Date of the Fund will be June 22nd, 2004

Liquidaon Perids shall e the days elapscd betucen two consecuive Liquidacion Duts, including
ño fet and excluding th lat. Exceplonaly the ft Nquidatin peñtod will have 2 duration
uivalen o tb days clased from hc Closing Date (included) and June 2% 2004 (cxcludod)

ss


DE raras rose Ei e rl Tole hiere dll o ess e etc ne |
Fent ina dd Merlo de Valve (Sh Ec Mar Cue, "CNN en Plis a! Ts lo
Isma" dnpadm hno ais o fica dan mbr cer o ol ome bl ne
tr oro dro pon nudo e Ne

V-373, Amount to be paid by Part A

Tas result of multplying the Nacional Amount of the Liquidation Period by the Reference Interest
Rate of the Bonds established for cach Paymem Date, as is defined in section IL10. of this
Prospectus. To calculate Part A the days clapsed on an annual bass of 360 will be taken into account

V-374, Amount to be paid by Part 1

"hc amounts 10 be paid by Part shall be the product, in relation to the days clapsed and on a 360
basis, of the "nocional amount of the Financial Swap Contract” by the Calculation Factor, defined as
follows.

Calculaion Factor shall be the weighted average of tbc 12-month EURIBORs obtained an each
Reference Date, calculated s follows: (0.0318 * 12-month EURIBOR month of March) + (0.0344 +
12-momih EURIBOR month of Apr) + (0.0484 * 12-momih EURIBOR month of May) + (0.1282 +
12-momih EURIBOR month of June) + (02629 * 12-momth EURIBOR month of July) + (0.1640 *
12-monih EURIBOR monih of Auguso) + (0.1544 * 12-momlh EURIBOR month ol September) +
(0.9804 > 12-monh EURIBOR month of October) + (0.0243 * 12-momth EURIBOR monib of
November) + (0.0221 * 12-month EURIBOR month ol December) + (0.0249 * 12-monh EURIBOR
mor of January) + (0.0242 * 12-momh EURIBOR month of February).

Tac Reference Dates shall bo hc 204 of cach month, beginning on March 204, 2003,

The Nocional Amount of the Liquidation Period shall be the outstanding nominal balance of the
Bonds in the proportion represented by the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shares and
Ceriicates issued by Cajamar, on the coresponding liquidation dat.

As 71% of Cajamar mortgage loans have maximum and minimum rats, in the event that any of the
12-momh EURIBOR: used in the previous calculaion is below 2.254 or above 14.25%, he amount
19 bo paid by PartB shall be the sum ofi) the amount resulting from appiying the Calculation Factor
to the Nocional Amount of the Liquidation Period plus/muinus, (i) he result of multipying the
diference betwcen 2.25% and 14.25% and those EURIBOR which ar lower or higher than, though
he weighing Coresponding 10 said EURIBOR: and by 71% af the Nocional Amount of the
Liquidation Period.

75. Swap Contract breaches

1 on a Liquidaion Date, the Fund docs not pay the amount ducto Bear Stearns Bank Ple hc Swap
Contract may be terminated by request from Bear Stearns Bank Ple. In hc vent that there ls a
liquidaion payment to be made, the Fund will assume, if applicable, such payment established in the
¡Swap Contract, always dn accordance with th Priority Order ol Payments. Without prejudice to the
above, except in situation of permanent financial unbalance of the Fund, the Sociedad Gestora, in
representation and on behalf of the Fund, will try a arange another financial swap contract

1 om a Payment Date Bear Stearns Bank: Ple docs not pay he amounts due to the Fund, th Sociedad
Gestora may terminate the Swap Contact ln this case, Bar Sicarms Bank Ple vil assumo the
payment obligaion of the liquidation amount established in the Contract. Furhermore, in this case, 1
the liquidaion amount cortesponds to Bear Stearns Bank Pl and not to tc Fund, payment will take
place in accordance with the Priority Order of Payments of he Fund.

Tas liquidation amount vil be calculated by the Sociedad Gestora, as Swap calculaion agent, taking
into account the market value for Financial Interest Swap Contracts

so


DE rara Tela Ei de mel Tales hiere debe on less e eta rl
"comio cra dl Mead de Vos Son Secre Mn Ctro. “CN Plus 3.2
Isma" dnfad mb Sano ais ofi dan bro cor o ol ema hol ne
[ra ero dolor neu e o

VA. Rating Modification Assumptions

(1) It event that (he long term unscured and unsubordinted debi obligations of Party A
are downgraded below “AT”, and that of any Credit Support Provider of Pay A, ás
downgrade below “A2" by Moody's, or (he shortterm unsecured and unsubordinated br
bligaions of Party A are downgraded below “P-1" by Moody's (an initial Moody's rating
event) and that of any Credit Support Provider of Pay A, is downgraded below “A2" by
Moody's, hen Party A will on reasonable cris bass, as soon as easonably practicable after
such nia Moody's rating Event al ls own cost ciber

di) transfer all of is rights and obligations with respect 1 the Swap Agreement to a
replacement third pany vith he required ratings domiciled in the same legal
jurisdicton as Pay A or Party

(is) procure another person with the required ratings which is domiciled in the same
jurisdicuon as Par A or Pary B to become jinly and severally liable in respect
of the obligations of Party A under this agreement or,

(ii take such other actions as aged wih Moody's.
Pending compliance with (116), (IG) or (1) above, Party A will ts own cost:

(Y) within 30 days of the occurtence of such initial Moody's rating event, put dn
place a marcto-market ollaeral agreement in form and substance acceptable
o Moody's (which may be based on the credit support documentation published
"y ISDA, or othervise relatos to collteral in the form of cash or socurios or
both) in support of ts obligtions under this agreement which complics sit the
Moody's criteria or such other amount as may ar with Moody's.

(2) la he event that) he long term unsecured and unsubordinted debt obligaions of Pary A
aná, if relevant, any Credit Suppon Provider of Pany A, is downgraded below “AS” or is
equivalent, by Moody's or (li) he short term, unsecured and unsubordinted debtobligaions o
Party A and relevant, amy Credit Support Provider of Pay A, is downgraded below “P-2" (or
lis equivalent) by Moody's (a subsequent Moody's rating even), then Pay A will on a
reasonable cffors basis, as soon as reasonably practicable after Such subsequent Moody's
Rating Ext a its wn cost ciber

di) transfer all of ts rights and obligations with respect 1 the Swap Agreement to a
replacement third pary vith he required ratings domicled in the same legal
jurisdicton as Party A or Party E

(is) procure another person with the Required Ratings which is domiciled in hc same
legal juisticion as Party A or Party 1 to become co-obligor in respec ol the
úbligations of Party A under this agreement or

(ii, take such other action agreed wih Moody's.

Pending compliance with (21), (2) or (2) above, Party A will ts own cost:
(áv) within 10 days of oscurence of such subseguent Moody's Rating cvent, put in
place a maeto-market colateral agreement in form and substance acceptable

lo Moody's (which may be based on the credit support documentation published
by ISDA, or otherwise, and rates to collteral in Ahe form of cash or securtis

yr



DE rara Tela Ei de mel Tales hiere debe on less e eta rl
Fent na dd Merlo de Valve Sh Score Mar ren, "CNN en Plis o! Ts ln|
Isma" dnfad mb Sano ais ofi dan bro cor o ol ema hol ne
[ra ero dolor neu e o

or bob) in support of ts obligaions under this agreement which complics wit
he Moody's criteria or such other amount as may be agrecd with Moody"s.

(3) IF at any time (1 the shortterm unguarantecd, unsubordinated and unsccured shortterm
debt obligations of the Swap Guarantor are assigned a rating of less than FL (he “Fuch
Required Rating") or (4) any Such rating is wilhdrawo by Pitch, hn the Swap Guaramtor wi
at lts own cost, within 10 days of such reduction or withdrawal of any such rating:

3) obtain a third party with a rating as least as high as the Fith Required Rating to
guarante (or agres to become co-obligor in respect of) the obligaions of the
¡Swap Guarantor under the Swap Agreement and the Specific Transaction:

b) provide credit support suffcict to maintain the rating of the Notes at the level
lat would have subsiste but for th hen current rating of th Svap Guarantor

e) transfer and assign the rights and obligations of the Swap Guaramor under the
¡Swap Agreement and the Relevant Transaction £o a ind pany with a rain as
least as high as the Fitch Required Ratings or

dá) find any other solution necessary to assist Party B in maintaining the current
rating of the Notes by Fitch, im cach case in accordance with iho sitien
confirmation from Fitch.

If the Swap Guarantor does not take the measures described in the above, such failure shall not be or
give rise to an Event of Default but shall constitute an Addisional Termánation Event vih respec to
Pany A and shall be decmed to have occurred on the thiicth day following such downgrade (as
appropriate) with Party A as the sole Affected Paty.

sent of Default and Additional Termination Event ar trms described in he Swap Agreement

All costs, expenses and taxes derived rom the breach of the above obligations will be paid by Bear
Stcams Bank Ple

1.3.7. Contract Maturity

"hc Swap Contact will e legally terminated in the event that the Rating Agencies fail o confirm,
prior o the beginning of Une Subscription Period, s final, he ratings asigned o cach Bond,

Tac cariycancelltion of the Swap Contract will not constitute a motive o fore the cary maturty or
liquidaion ofthe Fund, except in conjunction with her events or circumstances related to the asscts
fte Fund, a substamtil or permanent alteation of the financial balance of he Fund occur.
"hc maturty of the Swap Contract will take place on he date of liquidaion o hc Fund.

V 4, Ordinary and Extraordinary Rules of Priority of Alocation of Funds

V41. On the Closing Date and the date of the Issue of the Bonds

Orig

On the Closing Dat, the Fund will have funds available rising from

(a) Funds received as a consequence of the issue and placement of the Bonds.

se



DE rara Tela Ei de mel Tales hiere debe on less e eta rl
"comio cra dl Mead de Vos Son Secre Mn Ctro. “CN Plus 3.2
Isma" dnfad mb Sano ais ofi dan bro cor o ol ema hol ne
[ra ero dolor neu e o

(0) Funds reccived on account of the Initial Expenses Lon. The Funds on account of the
Subordinated Loan will be disbursed on the Business Day immedisicly prior to the first Payment Date
of the Fund.

(c) Funds reccived on account of the Panicipative Loan.

2 Allocation:

On he Closing Date the Fund will apply the above-mentioned funds 1o he following payments
(a) Payments on account of the purchase of the Shares and Ceticatesgrouped in he Fund.

(6) Payment o e initial expenses of he fand, in accordance vih section IL, of his Prospects.
(c) Consition of he Reserve Fund.

42. From the Date of the Constitution of the Fund until the Total repayment of the Bonds

Orig

Tac funds available 10 the Fund on every Payment Date, which arc intended for distribution to the
Bondholders and for payment of the comesponding commission, rise from

(a) Amownts from the Shares and Cemifictes on account of principal and curent interests deposited
in he Funds Account,

(0) Amount of he Technical Advance requested from th Sellers and not rcimbursd.
(c) Profit of he balance of the Fund's Account, applicable, he Reinvestment Accounts

(d) E applicable, other amounts reccived from the borrowces for reasons ouher than principal and
ument interest on the Mortgaged Loans.

(e) applicable, he result of the liquidation of th assts of the Fund,

(0) Net amount received as a result of the Interest Swap Contract, as established in section V-3.7. of
this Prospects, or in the event of  breach, he liquidation payment

location:

In general, th Available Resources of the Fund, as defined in section JNL4.4. af his Prospects will
be applied, on cach Payment Date, o the following payments, n the following priority order:

0 Expensesandiases.
Expenses and extraordinary expenses originsting from the defence of the interests of the Fund
togelher with taxes lo be born by the Fund, together with the extraordinary expenses originated from
the interests oftheholders of A, B,C and D Bonds

(io Payments1o the Sociedad Gestora.

Remuneration 10 be paid to the Sociedad Gestora in accordance with that established in section
1132. 0 this Prospectus.

so


DE rara Tela Ei de mel Tales hiere debe on less e eta rl
"comio cra dl Mead de Vos Son Secre Mn Ctro. “CN Plus 3.2
Isma" dnfad mb Sano ais ofi dan bro cor o ol ema hol ne
[ra ero dolor neu e o

(Gi) Payment if he Swap Contact is nt liquidaed, to Bear Steams Bank Pl. of the Net Amount
vo be paid by Part B of the Swap Agreement, established in section V-3.7. of this Prospecta,

(Y) Paymentof Interest of A Bonds.

Interest accrued by A Bonds. In the event that the Available Resources of the Fund are isufficien,
be resulting amount vil be distributed among all of the A Bonds proportionately to their own
Outstanding Balance.

(0) Paymmento Interest of B Bonds.

Interests accrued by B Bonds. In the excnt tha ho Available Resources of the Fund are isufficiet,
be resulting amount will be distributed among all the B Bonds proporionatly 1o the own
Ontstanding Balance.

In the event tt 1) the difrence between (1) the Outstanding Nominal Balance of he Bonds on the
last Determination Date and () the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the nor-defaulted Shares and
Cenificaes on the Calculaion Date immedisely prior to the comesponding Payment Date is above
100% ofihe initial balance of the B and C Bonds and 90% of te initial balance of the D Bonds; and
2) the A Bonds are not fully amonised nor will be amortised fully in th following Payment Date,
payment ol interest of B Series will e rlocated to position (1x) o his priority order

(vi) Paymmento Interest of C Bonds.

Interests accrued by C Bonds. In the excnt tha ho Available Resources of the Fund are isufficient,
he resulting amount will be distibuted among all the C Bonds proporionatly to thcir own
Outstanding Balance.

In the event tt 1) the difrence between (1) the Outstanding Nominal Balance of he Bonds on the
last Determination Date and (is) the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the nor-defaulted Shares and
Cenificaes on the Calculation Date immedisely prior to the comesponding Payment Date is above
1003 oh initial balance of he C Bonds and 90% of the initial balance of the D Bonds; and 2) the
A and B Bonds are not fully amonised nor will be amortised fully in th following Payment Date,
payment ol interest of th C Serios will e relocated to position (x) o hi priority order.

(vi) Paymmento Interest of D Bonds.

Interests accrued by D Bonds. ln the event that the Available Resources of the Fund are isufficien,
be resulting amount will be distributed among all the D Bonds proporionatly to their own
Ontstanding Balance.

In the event tt 1) the difrence between (1) the Outstanding Nominal Balance of he Bonds on the
last Determination Date and () the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the nor-defaulted Shares and
Cenificaes on the Calculaion Date immedisely prior to the comesponding Payment Date is above
90% o£ initial balance of the D Bonds: and 2) the A. B and C Bonds are not fully amortisd nor
vil be amortisedfally in te following Payment Date, payment of interes of the D Seres will be
relocated to position (x3) of this priority order

(iz Amonisation of principal of the A Bonds.
Amonisation of the principal of A Bonds as established in section 1.112. of his Prospetus.

(60) Inthcventof(4) above, Interest of the B Bonds.

so



Ti rap vean is Escalera Foto fem fe San ens on end vi e
"comio cra dl Mead de Vos Son Secre Mn Ctro. “CN Plus 3.2
Inmo on re od nc mé a Sai |

(4) Inthceventof (4) above, Interest of the C Bonds
(ui) In the cvent of (vil) above, Interes o he D Bonds

(xi) Amortsatio of he Principal of he B Bonds.

Amorisation of the Principal of he B Bonds, in accordance with he rules established in section
L112. of his Prospects, taking into account that he amortisation oh B Bonds vil not take place
vil the A Bonds are fully amontiscd

(xi Amortsatio of he Principal of he C Bonds.

Amortisation of the Principal of the C Bonds, in accordance with he rules established in section IL
df this Prospects, taking into account that the amortisaion f the C Bonds will not take place until
he B Bonds are fully amortised, without prejudice the establishment in section LI,

(xix) Amortsatio of Pricipal ofhe D Bonds

Amortation of the Principal o he D Bonds, in accordance with he rules established in section IL
df ahis Prospects, taking into account that the amortsation of the D Bonds vil not take place until
he C Bonds are fully amortsed, without prejudice the establishment in section 1113,

(av) Establishement ohe Reserve Fund.

Establishment, il applicable, he Reserve Fund, until tachicves the Minimum Level of the Reserve
Fund.

(avi) In ts case, ¡he Swap Contract isterminated, the liquidasion payment corresponding to the
Fund.

(oi) Int Expenses Loan tres
(vi), Sabordinted Loan interes.

(is) Fied remuneration of the Participaiv Loan.

(63) — Amonisaionofthe principal of he Initial Expenses Loan
(a) Amonizaion of se principal ose Subordínated Loan
(ani) Amonisaion of he Participativo Loan

(ox), Variable remuneraton ft Paticipative Loan,

3. Other Rules

In te cvent that the Available Resources are nat suficint to pay any of he above, the following
ales will apply

- The Available Resources will be applicd to the concepts mentioned in the previous section, in

accordance with the priority of allocation established, and pro ruta of the owed amount among.
Ahose who have a right to recive the payment

m



- Tie amounts that remain umpaid will be placed, on th following Payment Date, in the same
priority oder but prior to the concepto which it refers

- The amounts owed by the Fund and not satisfied on thir respective Payment Dates
“cera additional interest

"The priority of payments to be made in relation to the principal of the Loans (Initial Expenses Loan.
Subordinated Loan and Variable Remuneration of 1he Participativo Loan) will have an individual
mature for cach Seller, The payments will take place according to the individual accounts as is
established in the Contrato de Gestión Interna Individulizada.

»



DE rara Pelo Ei e el Teo mete deba e ss el ed pk |
Fei na dd Merlo de Valve Sh Score Mar ren, "CNN en Plis a! Ts lo
Isma" dnfad mb Sano ais ofi dan bro cor o ol ema hol ne
[ra ero dolor neu e o

CHAPTER VI

GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE SOCIEDAD
GESTORA

VIA Relating to the Company, Excepa for its Capital.

VILA. Registered Office

Titlización de Activos, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tiulización. S.A. has ls registered ofi at
69, Calle Orense, Madrid

VIL2. — Establishment and Registration in to Registro Mercantil

Tiulización de Activos, Sociedad Gesora de Fondos de Tinlización SA. is Spanish Corporation
(Sociedad Anónima), wit Fiscal Idenúiicañon Code (CIF) A-80352750. established on May 12".
1992, by a deed drawn up before the Notary Publi of Madrid D. Juan Romero-Girón Deleito
vranslormed into Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tulización Hipotecaria, on Jansary 29", 1993, in
accordance with the provisioas of amcle 6 of Law 19/1992 of July 7%, Ley sobre Régimen de
of the authorisrion granted by Ministerial Order December 10”, 1992, nd ransformed into Sociedad
¡Gestora de Fondos de Tiulización by vinue of the aulhorsaion granted by Ministerial Order
February 26", 1999. Registerd in the Registro Mercantil of Madri, Volume 4260, Book 0, Page
183, Section $, Sheet M-71066, Insrition number 5. on June 4*, 1993, and also registered in the

VIL3. Corporate Purpose.

Tas sole purpose o he company is the constitution, management and legal representation of Fondos
de Tinulización de Activos and Fondos de Titulización Hipotecaria, in accordance with Royal Decree
9G/1998 ol May 14%, by which ho Fondos de Tindización de Activos and Sociedades Gestoras de
Fondos de Tiulización ar regulted.

VIAL. Place in Which the Documents Cited in this Prospectus, or any Further Documents
Deriving Therefrom, May be Consulted.

The Sociedad Gestora will make available, at ts registered office a calle Orense 69, Madrid, to the
public sl the documents and information required pursuant to the Fund Regulations.

In addition, al th information of public character described in his Prospectus will be available a he

registered ullice ol the Sociedad Gestora and at the Official Register ol the Comisión Nacional del
Mercado de Valores.

VI2  Relating to the Share Capital

VIZ.. Nominal Amount Subscribed and Disbursed



DE rara Pelo Ei e el Teo mete deba e ss el ed pk |
"comio cora dl Mead de Voir San Score Mn Cm “CNN Plus 2 Ta
Isma" dnfad mb Sano ais ofi dan bro cor o ol ema hol ne
[ra ero dolor neu e o

Tas share capital of the Sociedad Gestora at the time of the insciption of the Prospectos in the
Official Registers of he CNMV is 903,000 Euros emirely disbuesed.

VIZ2. Classes of Shores

Al Ah 150.000 shares issued by ho Sociedad Gestora until the date of insription of his Prospectus
“th Oficial Register ol he CNMV are ordinary shares and have a nominal value o 6.02 Euros cach

VI23. — Evolution ofthe Capital Over the Past Three years

The share capital of the company on the date of regisraion of this Prospectus is 903,000 Euros
entiely disbursed, following lts redenomination in said curency and te subsequent increase of
spital wi charge to the Reservas Voluntarios to round up the nominal value of cach share, dn
accordance with the Sharcholders Mccting held on March 29%, 2001

VIA Data Relative to Holdings
VISA. — Participation in Other Companies

There is no participation fte Sociedad Gestora in any the company
VL32. — Corporate Groups to which the Company Belongs

The Sociedad Gestora docs not belong o any corporate rosp.

VL33. Significa Shareholders

Tas shares of th Sociedad Gestora ae distributed as follows:

Percemtage — Shares

Caja de Ahorros de Castlla La Mancha 186% 19286
Caja de Ahorros de Zaragoza, Aragón y Rioja (Ibercaja) 1286% 19286
Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo 1s6r 19286
Caja de Ahorros Municipal de Burgos 1s6r 19286
VUnicorp (Unicaja) 1s6r 19286
Sociedad Española de Banca de Negocios, S-AEBN) —— 1286% 19286
Caja de Ahorros y Mom de Piedad de Madrid 156 19284
Bear Sicarns Spanish Securiizaion Corporation 10005 15000

VIA Board of Directors and General Meeting

VIAL. Board ol Directors

0.


Ti rap vean is Exeo le rl Tole fomes df San nens on et vt
Fei na dd Merlo de Valve Sh Score Mar ren, "CNN en Plis a! Ts lo
Isma" dnfad mb Sano ais ofi dan bro cor o ol ema hol ne
[ra ero dolor neu e o

"he Board of Director is integrated by:
Do Francisco Javier Soriano Arosa (President)
Caja Municipal de Burgos
Do Francisco Javier Sálz Alonso
D. Víctor Iglesias Ruiz
Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo
D. Gumersindo Ruiz Bravo de Mansilla
D José Carlos Contreras Gómez
Bear Stcams Spanish Securizaion Corporation
Secretary of he Board: D. Luis Veretera Gutiérez-Matarana

Vaz,

:eneral Manager

Ticre is currently no CEO position at he Sociedad Gestora. Don Ramón Pérez Hemández is the
¡General Manager of the company since his appointment by ho Board on March 21*, 2002.

VIS Interests in the Company Held by Persons that are Members of the Representative
Bodies

Except for he sharcholder Bear Stearns Spanish Securization Corporation, th persons hat ac members
Abe representative bodies are ncitbcr holders nor representative, dirctly or indirecty, of any sae or
omvemible Bond

VIS Identification of the Persons or Entities Lending to the Sociedad Gestora, and Holding
More than 109% of the Debts Thereof, Quantifying Such Interest in Eseh Case

here ar non

Att dat o registration o e Prospectus for Fund TDA 19-MIXTO at th Official Regiters of the
CNMV, there are no lawsuis or legal proceedings that may affct the economic and financial situation
terco.

os



Ti rap vean is Esa le rl Tole foma df Sano nenas an eso vi
Fei ina dd Merlo de Valve Sh Score Mar ren, "CNN en Plis o! Ts alo
Isma" dnfad mb Sano ais ofi dan bro cor o ol ema hol ne
[ra ero dolor neu e o

CHAPTER VI

MARKET CONSIDERATIONS

VILA Recent and Significant Trends of the Mortgage Market ín General and of the
Mortgage Loan Market in Particular and of the Securitiztion Bonds.

In recent years credit sets with morgage guarantee in the Balance of Spanish credit eiis have
come the main protagonists of the Securitiation processes o e Spanish financial system.

(On th one hand, th existen of a crtical mass with suíficint size witin a subgrogp of his type of
mortgage asscs has been critical: morgage loans to peivate individuals o finance the acquisition,
«construction ar retratan of properties. On he other, the contripution has come from the decisivo way in
which dis type o financing Shar a sris of homogencous characterisics from the legal and financial
point ol view

"Te nc legion emerging from the Ministerial Order of May SS, 194, regarding th tranparency ol
ib financial conditions f the mongage loans, and is subsequent development in the Bank of Spain
Circular 5494 ol July 22” us been nc of clemerts that has sengihend Us homogenciy

Socondiy ts won moxing that in ect years the compeíon vin he Spanish morgago mart has
ineniic once private individual and red ns have atumed 1 co: ollercd resemed to bm
oy Law 204 of March 307 regaliz subrogaon and modiicaon of lb morgago loans Th fue
infunce of th amounced foma ol Uh uan related to mortgage cancelan must also he added:
Abs ica vil lo incest rates ol mortgage prepamen

Finally, the importance of he Securitised Bonds in relation o the new changes derived from the new
mechanisms introduced by the Central European Bank in Economic Policy must be noted. Greater
competition demand the improvement o those instruments, which allow access to cheaper sources of
Financing: instruments o isue, secondary markets, or goncraing techniques for a more efficient
management of th cit" balance,

VIL2_ Implications Derived from those Trends Mentioned in the Previous Section.

"hc total amount of Mortgage Loans participate by the Mortgage Share Certificates and the Mortgage
Transfer Certificates grouped in TDA 19-MIXTO, Fondo de Tinlización de Activos, cay a variable
interes rate; some of which will acrue, during a transition period, ta fed at, such rates are modiñied
peridicaly by variations in th interest rates of the market. Therefore, is mot probable that important
modifiaions ín the Prepeyment Rate of the portfolio will occur due to changes in the interest rat
level

Nowithstanding the above, he average term and the duration of he issue of some Bonds in this
Prospoctus could h mdd in relation to ose initial stimatd in section ILL. in Abe vent hat ho
Kate of Prepaymmentofhe Share and Certificates, vrs

It is the opinion of th Sociedad Gestora that here is no historical public information at the moment
regarding prepayment amortisaion to be able to claboste preditons in both half and long tem
regarding th bebaviour of th Prepayment Amorisation Rates of the morgage portfolio. Nevenheles,
the Sociedad Gestora infos monthly, tough various channel, for instance is web page (wnwwado:
sgfLcom) of the Rates of Prepayment ol cach one ohh Funds it manages. Addiinall, ste opinion
dl te Sociedad Gestora trat in following years tere vil be available elevan information regarding the

0



chuviour of his variable. Nevertheless, t must be taken into account that the market, s indicated in the
previous section has suffcrod profound modifiatons in recent years, and this factor docs not
recommend, fo hc timo being, the elaboatin of predictions based on the cxtrapolation of available data
in th last years fuhermore (hee data are scarce and limited in time, and t 3 mot possible to assign
bem any representativo value. In any even, those investors interested can consul the information hat
his and otr Sociedades Gestoras publish regularly on hc Mortgage Backed Securiis Funds and Asset
Bckod Socurtis Funds hat hey manage.

0



