UCI 12 
Prospectus 
May 2005 
This Prospectus is a non-official and non-binding translation into English of the original “Folleto Informativo” drafted in Spanish 
language and registered with the “Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores” (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, 
“CNMV”) on May 26, 2005. The “Folleto Informativo” drafted in Spanish language is the only official document. 
 
FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN HIPOTECARIA 
UCI 12 
 
MORTGAGE SECURITIZATION BONDS 
EUR 900,000,000 
 
CLASS A: 
EUR 867,200,000  EURIBOR 3M + spread between 0.08% and 0.18%  
CLASS B: 
EUR 9,000,000 
 EURIBOR 3M + spread between 0.20% and 0.35%  
CLASS C: 
EUR 23,800,000 
 EURIBOR 3M + spread between 0.40 % and 0.60%  
 
BACKED BY MORTGAGE PARTICIPATIONS ISSUED BY  
UNIÓN DE CRÉDITOS INMOBILIARIOS, ESTABLECIMIENTO 
FINANCIERO DE CRÉDITO  
 
 
 
 
 
 
LEAD MANAGERS 
 
 
 
 
 
UNDERWRITERS 
UNDERWRITERS 
 
DOMESTIC TRANCHE 
INTERNATIONAL TRANCHE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agent Bank 
 
 
Promoted and Serviced by: 
 
SANTANDER DE TITULIZACIÓN, 
S.G.F.T., S.A.




ven

SUMMARY

Cuarrent:

CuarreR He

CstaprER IM

CuarTERIV:

CuapreR Ve

Cuarren VE
Cutarren VIK

ScueDuLEK

Scmenure He

Scienure TIL
ScmEDuLE IV:

SCHEDULE V:
ScmenuLe VI

Prospectus

PERSONS ASSUMING RESPONSIBILITY FOR CONTENTS
AND SUPERVISORY BODIES OF THE PROSPECTUS ...

INFORMATION RELATING TO SECURITIES IssuED
AGAINST THE MORTGAGE SECURITIZATION FUND.
GENERAL INFORMATION — CONCERNING THE
MORTGAGE SECURITIZATION FUND

INFORMATION ON CHARACTERISTICS OF THE ASSETS
SECURITIZED THROUGH THE FUND.

INFORMATION ON ECONOMICTINANCIAL
OPERATIONS OF THE MORTGAGE SECURITIZATION
FUND...

GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE MANAGER.

RECENT PROGRESS AND PROSPECIS OF THE MORTGAGE
...100

SECURITIZATION FUND.

——e.—

CERTIFICATE OF THE RESOLUTION OF UCPs GENERAL

SHAREMOLDERS MEETING,

CERTIFICATE OF THE MANAGERS BOARD OF DIRECTORS

AUDIT REPORT OF THE PORTFOLIO OF THHE MORTGAGE

Loass.
LEAD MANAGERS LETTERS.
ASSIGNORS LETTER.

May 2005

2

56

...80

9%




vera Prospectus May 2005

Saa Or Gr Coma ]

EsTarLISIMENT OF FONDO DE TrruLIZACIÓN HiroTECARIA UCT 12 AND
ISSUANCE OF SECURITIES ASA CHARGE AGANSTIIS ASSETS

1 Tarro

1.1 Name and Incorporal

"The Fund is named FoxDo DE TrruLización Hipotecaria UCI 12 and will be
Tormally incorporated as such by vine of a public deed, in accordance with Law
19/1992, of Jaly 7. in respect of the regime of real estate investment funds and
«companies and mortgage sccuritization funds as well as other applicable regulations
(hercinafte, "Law 19/1992")
"The incorporation of the Fund shall take place, subject to registration of his
prospectus (hercinalter, the "Prospectus”) by the Spanish Securities. Market
Commission (indisincly, "Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" or
"CNMV”) as closed fund, in accordance with the scheme provided by amcle S of
Lasw 19/1992,

12. The Manager

Santander de Titulización, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tiulización, SA. is the
promoter of the Fund and is also entrusted with ts representaion

2. Assersorrue Foxo
2.1 Mortgage Participations pooled into the Fund's Assets

"The Fund's asscts shall be formed by mortgage loans granted to individuals by
Unión de Créditos Inmobiliarios, S.A., Establecimiento Financiero de Crédito,
Sociedad Unipersonal, (UCI) as assignor (hercinaftr, idistinciy, he “Assignor”
or "UCT), which appear on the balance sheet of the later and come from financing.
transactóóns for residential housing acquisition or rehabilitacion in Spain,
instrumented as mortgage loans that comply with all requisites required by Law
2/81 of March 25, in respect of he Mortgage Market (hereinafte, “Law 21981”)
“and provisions implementing same (hereinafir, the “Mortgage Loans"

"The Mortgage Loans forming Ihe asscts shall be assigned by UCI through the
issuance and subsequent subscription ol he pertinent morigage participations
(hercinaftr, the “Mortgage Participations”)

"The portfolio of Morgage Loans lo serve as a basis for the issuance of the
Mortgage Participatins is formed by 9.044 Mortgage Participation for an amount
of EUR 1,049.012,7505. Detailed information on the Mortgage Loans and he
aforementioncd Mortgage Participasions pooled into the Fund is fumished in
Ciapter IV ofhis Prospeetas.

ams or ru FuNo.

3. La

"The labiliies of the Fund shall be formed by the negotiable securitis issued by the
Fur, and by a Subordinated Loan.

3.1. Securities
3:11. Characteristics:

page E summary


vera Prospectus May 2005

Saa Or Gr Coma ]

- Issue Amount and Number of Bonds: Euros nine hundred milton (EUR
900.000.000). formed by 9,000 mortgage securiization Bonds divided imo
three Classes.

+ Class Az EUR 867.200.000, formed by 8.672 Bonds.
Class B: EUR 9.000.000, formed by 90 Bonds.
Class C2 EUR 23.800.000, formed by 238 Bonds.

+ Face Value: EUR 100.000 per Bond.

+ sue Price: EUR 100.000 per Bond, free of taxes and subscription expenses
for se subscriber

+ Redemplion Price: EUR 100.000 per Bond, free of expenses or the
ondholder.

+ Interest Rates 3-monh EURIBOR + a spread ranging between 0.08% and
0.186 for the Class A Bonds. 3-month EURIBOR + a spread ranging
between 0.20% and 0.35% for the Class B Bonds, and 3-monih EURIBOR
+ a spread ranging between 040% and 0.60% Tor the Class C Bonds,
variable quarterly for “ll Classes, in accordance wilh ihc provisions of
Section 11.10. of this Prospeetas.

"The interest rate on the three Classes Bonds for he First Interest Accrual
od shall ho determined on the basis of the four (4) month EURIBOR

"The definitive spread shall be fixed prior to the stat of he Subscription
Period. Specilically hey shall be set on the Date of Incorporation and shall
be notified by means of lis inclusion wilhin 1he announcement of
incorporation ol the Fund.

+ Frequency of payment of interest and principal: quartery, on March 15,
June 15, September 15 and December 15,

+ First Interest Payment: September 15, 2005

+ Final Maturity Date: December 15, 2039 or, as the case may be, the date of
arly redempion of the Bonds.

+ Legal Maturity Date: Thicty months (30) folowing the maturity o the last
Mortgage Lon (December 5, 2039), coinciding with the subsequent
Payment Date, thats, June 15, 2042,

+ Date of Incorporation: May 30, 2005 (for best understandi
detailed below, it shall e considered as “day D”)

+ Announcement Date: May 31, 2005 (day Di! business day).

ol the dates

+ Subscription Date: June 1,2005 (day D+2 business days).
+ Pay-out Date: Jun 2,2005 (day D+3 business days)
3.12. Credit Risk Rati
+ Class Az ARA(P) (SEP España)
+ Class B: ALP) (SEP España)
+ Class Cs BBB (P) (SAP España)

page 2 summary


vera Prospectus May 2005

Saa Or Gr Coma ]

3.13. Official organized secondary market where admission to trading will be
“applied for: AIAF, Mercado de Renta Fija (AIAF Fixed Income Securities
Market)

3.1.4. Accounting Records of the Bonds: The entity entruted with the accounting
records of the Bonds shall be Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de
Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. (Iherclear), who shall
lcar and sctl transaction carried out on he Bonds.

3.15. Redemption ol the Bonds

The Bonds shall be redeemed through the puss-hrough method (the amount
received from the Mortgage Participations is aimed ut redeeming principal an the
Bonds, reducing the face value therco! y such same amoun).

Redemption 0f Class A Bonds: The redemption of the Class A Bonds shall be
carried out on a prorated basis among he Bonds of this Class by reduction af the
face amounl, on cach Payment Date, until completing the same, by 3 sum equal to
th amount of the Funds Available for Redemplion existing on the said Payment
Date

Redemption 0f Class E Bonds: The first redemption payment on the Class B Bonds
shall take place on the Payment Date on which the Balance Pending Payment on he
Class B Bonds is greater than or equal to 2% of the Outstanding Balance on all
Bond Classes (and subject to the provisions for redempiion ol Class B Bonds
contained in Section IL.11.3.).6 of his Prospectus),

Redemption 0f Class C Bonds: The firs redemption payment on the Class C Bonds
shall take place on the Payment Date on which the Balance Pending Payment on he
Class C Bonds is greater than or equal to 5.3% of the Outstanding Balance of the
Bonds of the three Classes (and subject 1 the provisions for redemption of Class C
Bonds contained in Section ILL 1.3.b).6 of this Prospectus).

32. Subordinated Loan

"The Manager, for the account of the Fund, shall execute a Subordinated Loan
agreement with Banco Santander Central Hispano, S.A and Union de Crédit pour lo
Batiment, SA (99.93% owned by BNP Paribas), on a SO%/50% basis in their
position as creditor, fr a total amount of EUR 11,225,000. The Subordinated Loan
Agreement shall be carmarked by the Manager towards (1) mecting the expenses
relaing 10 incorporation of the Fund and issuance of 1he Bonds, () towards
partally inancing the subscription of he Mortgage Participations by ihe Fund,
lo cover the temporary shortfall in the First Interest Accrual Period for an amount
equal 1o 1he difference lo be generated bewcen he interest on the Mortgage.
Participations to be collected from the Pay-out Date (June 2, 2005) through the
maturity date of the fest four payments (June through September) of the Mortgage
Participations (Sepiember 5, 2005) and the interest on the Bonds lo he paid on the
first Payment Date (September 15, 2005) and (iv) funding the Reserve Fund.

4. OruER CONTRACTS TO BE ARRANGED FOR TE ACCOUNT OF THE FUND.

In addition o he Subordinated Loan Agreement refered o under Section 22, supra, the
Manager, for h account of the Fund, shall entr into the following contacts

page 3 summary


vera Prospectus May 2005

Saa Or Gr Coma ]

4.1. Guaranteed Interest Rate Reinvestment Agreement
Entered into wiii Banco Santander Central Hispano, S.A, whereby Banco
Santander Central Hispano, S.A. will guarantee a retum on Ihe sum deposited by
the Fund, into the financial account opened initialy by the Manager in the name of
th Fund, at Banco Santander Central Hispano, S.A., ín the terms described in
Section V-3.1 of this Prospectas.

42. Issue Lead Manager, Placement and Underwriting Agreements
"Two Issue Lead Manager, Underwriting and Placement Agreements, whereby the:
Undenwriters, in their respective tranches (Domestic and Intemational), shall
proceed wit the free location of the Bonds, for the amounts provided and, once:
the Subscription Period has closed, will subscribe for their own account, those
Bonds which have not been allocated.

5. Orerarion or ru FUND.

5.1. Representation and Servicing of the Fund.
"The servicing and representation of the Fund shall be vestd in the Manager who, in
lis capacity as a manager of third pury business, shall hold the representation and
defense of he interests l the holders ol the Bonds issued against the assets of the
Fund and of remaining creditors of the Fund,

52. Defaull-Prepayment of Mortgage Participations. Order of Priority of
Payments.

"The risk of default and non-payment, as well as of prepayment of the Mortgage:
Participation shall be for the account of the bondholders.

"The order of priority of payments contained in Section V-$.1,9)2) is us follows:

In the fist place, the Manager, on behall of he Fund, shall proceed to apply the
amount of the Arailable Funds to the following payments and withholding
pursuant to the order of priority described below:

L. Payment 10 the Manager of ordinary and extraordinary expenses of the
Fund, including the periodic administration fee in favor thereof, payment of
the administration fee in favor of a third party entity not UCI in th event
tha UCT should be replaced as Servicer of the Mortgage Loans (in the terms
of Section V.52) and payment to UCI of expenses it has advanced or
incurred for the account ol the Fund on an excepiional bass in relation Lo
the servicing of the Mortgage Loans (for foreclosure of guarantee andíor
sale of real propertics). all of which dl justificd

Payment of interest on the Class A Bonds.
3. Payment of interest on he Class B Bonds.

Nowithstanding the occurence of he two circumstanes below, Payment ol
Interest on Mhe Class B sal be made, provided Uat the Fund had a
xemainder deriving from the charging of interest on the Mortgage
Parscipations and the yicld obtained by the Cash Account and Surplas
Funds Account, dany

"This payment wil be postponed o 6% place, if he following cireumstances

hould occur

page 4 summary


ver

Prospectus May 2005

Saa Or Gr Coma ]

1) That on a Payment Date, full redemption of the Class A Bonds
would have noL occurred, and

2) That on a Payment Date the amount resulting from deducting from
the Outstanding Principal on the Class A Bonds any of te following
“amount is greater than zero:

aJThe remainder of Available Funds after deducting the
amownis applied to (he payment obligations in items 1
through 3, inclusive, of his order of priority of payments

bjThe Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage Louns paid

current or subject o less iban 18 months late payments on
e previous Determination Date.

4. Payment ol interes on the Class C Bonds.
Notwithstanding the occurrence of the two circumstances below, Payment ol
Interest on th Class C shall be made, provided that the Fund had a remuinder
deriving from the charging ol interest on Uhe Mortgage Participations and he.
Yicld obtained by the Cash Account and Surplus Funds Account, if any

"This payment will be postponed to 7” place, if he two following
circumstances should occur:
1) That on a Payment Date full redemption of the Classes A and B.
Bonds wosld have not occurred, and
2) That on a Payment Date the amount resulting from deducting from
he Outstanding Principal on the Classes A and IB Bonds any ol he
following amounts is greater han zo:
aJThe remainder of Available Funds after deducting the
amownis applied to (be payment obligations in items 1
through 4, inclusive, of his order of priority of payments
bjThe Outstanding Balance of the Mongage Louns paid

current or subject o less iban 18 months late payments on
e previous Determination Date.

Withholding af a sum equal to the Accrucd Redemption Amount.

Payment of Interest on Class B Bonds when this payment is postponed from

Yin cordero! priori

2. Payment of Eteest on th Class C Bonds, when his payment is postponed
from 42 in the order priori

5. Wilholding of u suffciet amount to maintain the Reserve Fund at ts
sequired level from time 1o time, in accordance wi Abe provisions of
Section VA

9. Payment ol interest accrucd om th Subordinated Loan.

10. Amorization of principal of the Subordinated Loan in an amount equal to
the depreciation of expenses relatng lo incorporation of he Fund and the
Bond issue.

page 5 summary


vera

Prospectus May 2005

Saa Or Gr Coma ]

11. Amorization of principal on the Subordinated Loan in an amount egual to
the difference existing betwcen the amount of Ihe required balance of. the
Reserve Fund as at the Determination Dale in progress.

12 Payment to UCL on cach Payment Date, of the fee for servicing the
Mortgage Louns, equal to Euros six thousand (EUR 6.000), VAT included,
and through the Payment Date on which the total redemplion of 1h sue
takes place, ¡.c,, December 15, 2039, inclusive (or through the Payment
Date on which he carly redemplion creo! shall take place).

13.Quarterly payment to UCI of a varioble sum as remuneration or
compensation for financial intermediation process carried out, equal o the
difference between the accounting income and expenses for the Fund, on he
pertinent Payment Date, except as provided by Section V.S2.

The Funds Available for Redemption, coming from the wilhholding to be
carried out in accordance with point 4 of hc order of priority of payments, shall
e carmarked towards Ihe aforesaid redemption, in accordance wih Ib rules
contemplated by Section IL11.3.0)6 of this Prospectus. "The first redemption
payment on the Class B Bonds shall take place on the Payment Date on which
the Balance Pending Payment on the Class E Bonds is grester than or equal to
2% of the Balance Pending Payment on the Bonds ol he three Classes and
Class C shall star o redcem th time in which he Balance Pending Payment
ihereon is greater than or equal Lo 5.3% af he Balance Pending Payment on the
Bonds of the three Classes
Exceptional Rules of Priority of Payments for vehich the Fund is Responsible
“As established in item 1 of the order of priority of payments, he substitution of
UCTas Service of the Mortgage Loans should take place in favor of another entity,
a fee will accrue in favor ol the Und party, the mew Servicer, which will go from
'ccupying lem 12 up to item in the above -mentioned order ol proriy.
In the event that on one and the same Payment Date (with respect to the period
running between such Payment Date and the previous one) more than 7% of the
orrowers have exercised the sigh o limitaion of payment amount as per the CPI,
the payment ol item 13 of the order of priority ol payments described in Section
VI5.1 of this Prospectus referrng lo he quurerly payment to UCI of a variable
amount as remuneration or compensation for the Financial mediation process shall
be suspended. In such case, the said amount would be deposited into (he Cash
“Account until the Payment Dase on which the exercise ol the limitation of payment
amount as per CPI pertaiming lo the new period does mot exceed the above-
mentioned percentages. The payment ol the said fee muy only be made in
restitution subjec o agreement with the Rating Agency. The calculation of the said
úpercentages shall be made on the Determination Dates.
"Wilk respectto the Redemption of the Classes B and C Bonds, it will not take place
¡any of the circumstances contemplated in Section IL11.3.9)6 of this Prospectus
should occur.

asks or riu FUND, Tn BONDS, AND THE MORTGAGE PARTICIPATIONS

6.1 Early Redemption of the Bonds and Early Liquidation of the Fund
Notwithstanding the Final Maturity Date of the Bonds (December 15, 2039), the
Manager may proceed with the carlyliquidation of the Fund and, consequenly.
the carly redemption on a Payment Date of sil of the Bonds, when he

page 6 summary


vera Prospectus May 2005

Saa Or Gr Coma ]

Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage Participatins is less than 10% of the
initial balance, in folowing the provisions of Section 1L113.c) and Section V.S
of his Prospectus

62 Non-payment ol the Mortgage Participations

"The Bondholders shall be responsible for the risk ol non-payment of the
Mortgage Paricipaions.

"The Assignor and the Manager do not assume any liabiliy for non-payment of
the debiors nor do ihey assume lisbilizy in guarantecing the success of the:

“operation nor will hey grant any security-imteests or bank y
repurchase agreemento
63 Prepayment of the Mortgage Participations
"The Mortgage Participations are susceptible to being prepaid if 1he debtors
prepay the portion of principal pending amortizaion. This sisk will be
transferred, on every Payment Date, to he Bondholders in following the rules of
amortization ol Section HL. o his Prospectas.
64 Liquidity
"here is no guarantee hat rading pursuant o a certain frequency or minimum
volume will take place on the market for th Bonds. Furhermore, in no case
may the Fund repurchase the Bonds from thcir holders, alhough they may.
indeed, be redeemed early as determined under Section 6.1, supra.
65 Yield
"The prepayment rule of the Mortgage Loans may be influenced by various
geographic, economic and social factors such as seasonal trends, market interest
rate, the sectorial distribution of the portfolio and, in general, the level of
"The calculaion of Mhe internal rue of return ¡he average life and term of the
Bonds is subjec Lo hypolheses on prepayment rates which may not matriaize
7. ACTIONS
7.1. Actions against Debtors holding obligations to pay the Mortgage
Participations
7.11.The Fund, Ibrough the Manager, shall be entiled to bring a foreclosure
suit against 1be debiors who breach Uhcir payment obligaions on Uhe
Mortgage Loans and, therefore, on the Mortgage Participations.
7.12.The Fund shall be entiled to an executory attachment suit agaínst the
Assignor provided Uat the breach ol the obligation í not a consequence
ol non-payment by the debo.
7.13.Ncither ihe Fund nor the bondholders shall be entiled to funbher action
against the Assignor or against the Manager, respective, oler than as
rising out of the breaches of their respective duties, and never as a
onsequence of he existence of defauls ar prepayment.

7.2. Liability of the Manager.

page 7 summary


ver

Prospectus May 2005

Saa Or Gr Coma ]

1 the Manager does not comply wih its abligaions, it shall be lable to the
Bondholders and o the remaining creditos ol the Fund, for all damages arising
ut of such breach.

73M

1 in case of non-payment ol Uhe Bonds issued against the Fund.

7.3. The Bondholders shall not be entied to any direct action against the
debiors of he Mongage Loans who have breached their payment
bligations. Itshall be the Manager who is entitled to bring such action.

7.32.The Bondholders shall not be entiled to any action against he Fund or
against the Manager, in case of nompayment of he Bonds as a
consequence of the non-payment of a Mortgage Loan on Ihe par of the
debio

7.33.The Bondholders shall not be entitled to any action against the Manag
“other han as arising out of he breach of its own obligaions, and never as
a consequence of he existence af default or prepaymments of lhe Mortgage
Loans.

page $ summary


vera

PERSONS ASSUMING RESPONS

Prospectus May 2005

CHAPTERI

TY FOR CONTEVIS AND SUPERVISORY BODIES OF THE
ProsPECTeS

LA Persons assuming responsibility for the contents of the Prospectas.

12 — Supervisory Boi

124.

Name, surnames, National Identity Card or personal identification
document, title or powers of attorney of the natural person or persons who,
on behalf ol the Manager, asume responsibility for the contents of the
Prospectus.

Mr. IGNACIO ORTEGA GAVARA, holder of National Identity Card number
$03.030-P. acting for and on behall of SANTANDER DE TITULIZACIÓN, SOCIEDAD
Gesrora DE FONDOS DE TIruLIZACiÓN, SA. (hercinafle, the “Manager”),
promoter of FONDO DE TrruLizAción HIvOTECARIA, UCI 12 (hercinafie, the
Fund"), assumes, on beball of (he Manager, responsibility for the contents of th
Prospectas.

Mr. IGNACIO ORTEGA GAVARA acts in his capacity as Gencral Manager ol
he Manager, and by viruc of the powers conferred upon him by the Board ol
Directors a lis mecting on July 31, 1998, as partially amended by resolution dated
February 8. 2000 and expressly for the incorporatio ol his Fund, by virue of the
powers granted by the Board of Directors at is meeting on March 29, 2005.
SANTANDER DE TIrULIZACIÓN, SOCIEDAD GESTORA DE FONDOS DE TIHULIZACIÓN,
S.A. having its segisterd offices at Ciudad Grupo Santander, Avda. de Cantabria
s/n, 28660 Boadilla del Monte (Madrid) holder ol Tax Identification Number A-
8OÁ$1419, as registered in the Special Registry of Securiization Fund Managers
df he Spanish Securities Market Commission (“Comisión Nacional del Mercado
de Valores”) under number 1

Mention that, in the judgement of such person or persons, he data contained
in the Prospectus present a true image and no material data are omitted
which could induce error.

Mr. IGNACIO ORTEGA GAVARA hereby confims that ihe data and
information contained in the Prospectus are true and no mateisl data are omited
vwbich could induce cor.

Mention of registration of the issue in the Oficial Registries of Uhe Spanish
Securities Market Commission (“Comisión Nacional del Mercado de
Valores”).

"This complete Prospectus was registered in he Official Regitrics of he Spanish
Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) on
May 26, 2005.

"The inclusion in Ihe Registries of the Spanish Securities Market Commission ol
he suditors” reporis and the Prospectus only implis the acknowledgement that
hey contain all information required by the rules etablishing Ihr content, and


vera Prospectus May 2005

GHPTER PERSONS ASSUIMO PESPOSBUT TOR CONTENTS AN SUPEVEDAY DOES OPT PROSPECTA

13

La

shall in no case determine the labiligy of the Spanish Securities Market
Commission for the lack of veraity of the information contained thin

"The registration of his Prospectus by the Spanish Securtics Market Commission
docs not imply a recommendation Lo subscribe the securitics to which it refers, or
a pronouncement one way or the other concerning the solvency of he Assignor,
he solvency of the Fund or the yield on or quality of the securities issued or
fer,

Reports on Mortgage Loans forming the assets of the Fund.

A Report on the pontílio of the Mortgage Loans to form the asses of the Fund has been
prepared by the firm Deloite de Touche España, S.L, which is registered in the Offci
Registry of Centified Public Accountanis ("Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas”
“ROAC') under number S0692, having its registered offices in Madrid, at calle
Raimundo Fernández Villaverde, 65, attached hereto as SCHEDULE IV.

The audit of the Morigage Loans addresses a Class of quanútaive and qualitative
sltributes with regard to the said portfolio, specifically: identification of borrower,
address ol mortgaged property, registered property number, formalization dat, maturity
date, initial amount, current balances, residual life, reference interest ate, interest ate
spread, interest rate applied, purpose ol loan, »appraised value, present loan lo value ratio,
“nd damage and fre insurance, late payments and collstral

Observations made by the Manager.

As att date of registration of this Prospectus with he CNMV. the applicable spread for
determining the nominal interest rate on the lhree Classes of Securitization Bonds
(hereinafter, the “Bonds”) has not yet been set. Consequenly, the tables and charts
contained in Ibis Prospectus which refer o or otherwise employ he nominal inerest rate
on the various Classes of Bonds, have been prepared using an indicativo figure within the
range of spread applicable to each Class of Bonds (between 0.08% and 0.18% for Class
A, between 0.20% and 0.35% for Class B and between 0.40% and 0.60% for Class C)



vera

INFORMATION RELATING TO SECURITIES ISSUED AG

ILA Information concerning necessary prerequl

Prospectus May 2005

CHAPTER
uns ru MoRTGN

Fono

TILA Legal resolutions and requisites.

a) Corporate Resolution.
Resolution in respect of issuance of Mortgage Participations by UCI:

A its meeting held on March 15, 2005, the General Meeting of UC! rsolved
making an issue of Mongage Partcipaions, as desried in Section IV.1 of
ihis Prospectus, for subscription by FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN
HIPOTECARIA UCI 12, in Uh tems ellected in the Certificate atached as
Schedule E herto

Resolution in respect of incorporation of the Fund and Bond issue by the
Manager:

AL its meeting on March 29, 2005, the Board of Directors of the Manager
esolved the incorporation of FONDO DE TrruLizacióN Hipotecaria, UCI 12.
in accordance with the legal scheme contemplated by Law 19/1992, of July 7.
the subscription by the Fund of the Mortgage Participations issucd by UCI
and th issuance against the Fund of the Bonds. Attached to his Prospectus
as SCHEDULE Il isa Cerúificate of the aforesaid resolution.

b) Registration by Spanish Securities Market Commission. (“Comisión
Nacional del Mercado de Valores”; “CNMV”).

"The incorporation of the Fund and the Bond issue have as a prerequisit their
registration in the Official Registrics of he Spanish Securities. Market
Commission. in accordance wilh ile provisions of anticle five, 3 of Law
19/1992, of July 7 and article 26 et seg, of Law 24/1988, of July 28 (the Spanish
Securities Market Act, hercinafler “Law 24/1988”, as amendod by Law
37/1998, of November 16 (hercinafir, “Law 37/1998") and Law 44/2002, ol
November 22, on Measures for Reform of the Financial System (hercinafier.
“Law 44/2002) (together with all amendments, “Law 24/1988" or the “Spanish
Securities Market Act”, inter ala).

"his Prospectus in respect ol the incorporation of the Fund and the Bond issue
was registered in the Official Registes of the Spanish Securities Market
Commission on May 26, 2005,

Execution of public deed for the incorporation ol the Fund.

“Once his Prospectus regarding incorporation of the Fund and the Bond issue has
cen registered by Uhe Spanish Securities Market Commission and prior lo the
following five (5) Business Days, the Manager, together with Banco Santander
Central Hispano, S.A. (hereinaltr, the “Bank”) and UCI, as issuer of the
Mortgage Paricipaiions, shall proceed to execute the public deed of
incorporation of the Fund, issuance and subscription of (he Mortgage
Participations and the Bond sue (hercinalir, the “Deed of Incorporation') in


vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

the terms provided by article $ of Law 19/1992. Subsequently, and prior to the
star of the Subscription Period, the Manager shall send an authorized copy ol
the Deed of Incorporation to the CNMV, for inclusion in its public registris,
"The Deed of Incorporation shall be exccuted on May 30, 2005 (hercinafte, the
“Date of Incorporation”)

In accordance with article 5.3 of Law 19/1992, the Deed of Incorporation shall
ot be filed wilh the Mercantil Registry.

"The Manager, on behalf of hc Fund, guarantee hat the content of he Deed of
Incorporation agrees with this Prospectus and wilh the draft of Deed of
Incorporaion forwarded to Uhe CNMV.

In accordance with the provisions of atile five, item nine of Law 19/1992, the
Bonds issued against th Fund shall be represented exclusively by book-enties
and the Fund's Decd of Incorporation shall take Uhe effects contemplated by
anicle 6 of he Spanish Securities Market Act . In his regard, and in accordance
with the above-mentioned article and aticle 6 of Royal Decree 116/1992, of
February 14, on representation of securtics through book-entrics and clearing
and sctlement of securiics transactions (hercinafter, “Royal. Decree
116/1992").

112 Information on prerequisites and resolutions for admission to trading on a

¡Stock Exchange or organized secondary market.

Once the Bonds have been padin (as described in Section IL18.5) the Man:
promoter of the Fund, shall apply for inclusion of this Bond issue on the ALAF,
Mercado de Renta Fija (AJAF Fixed Income Securitics Market: hereinafir.
“ATAF), which has been attributed the status as an official, organized secondary
securities market, by Transitional Provision Six of Law 37/1998, which applicaion
shall take place within a period not lo excced thiry (30) days from the Pay-Out
Date

ln the event that the admission to trading of the Bonds on AJAF does not take place
vii the time period mentioned above, the Manager shall immediately notify the
CNMV and the bondholders of such fact as well as of he causes for such breach,
by publication ina matioally-circulated newspaper, all of which in accordance with
le provision of Section IIS 3), b") ande).

Furihermore, he Manager shall apply, for the account of the Fund, for inclusion ol
be issue in Ibercleur as defined under Section LS, infra). so as to cary out the
elcuring and sculement of the Bonds ín accordance with the rules of operation
which, wit respect o securitics admilted to trading on ALAF and represented by
bookcntries, are established or may be approved in the future Iberclear

112 Prior Administrative Authorization for Issue.

1

No prior administrative suhorizaion is applicable oxher than the previous registration ol

this Prospectus.

Evaluation of the risk inherent to the securitics issued against the Fund, by a rating

“agency recognized by the Spanish Securities Market Commission.

The Manager has entrusied an evaluation ol the credit risk attached Lo the Bonds 10 the
international rating agency Standard £e Poor's España, S.A. (hereinafter,indisincly, “S£cP
ing Agency”), the Spanish company wholly-owned by Standard de

España" or the *


vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

Poor's Rating Services, a rating agency recognized by the Spanish Securities Market
Commission.

Rat

Prior to the registration of this Prospectus, SEP Espuña has assigned lo the Bonds
provisional ratings of (P) AAA for the Class A Bonds, (P) A. for the Class B Bonds and (P)
BBB. for he Class C Bonds (hercinafte, the “ratings”) and expects to assign o the Class
A Bonds a final AAA rating, to the Class B Bonds a final A rating and to the Class C
Bonds a final BBB rating prior to the stat of the Bond Subscription Period (as described in
Section IL18.3 of his Prospectas).

IC e Rating Agency does not confirm the AAA. A and BBB ratings of he Class A, B and
C Bonds, respectively, prior to the star ol he Subscription Period. this circumstance shall
be immediately reported to the Spanish Securities Market Commission and shall be made
public in he manner contemplated under Section TIL, b),

The now<confirmation of the AAA, A and BBB ratings of the Class A, B and C Bonds,
respectively, prior to he start of ihe Subscription Period, would constitute 1he sole
circumstance Tor termination ol he incorporation of the Fund and the Bond issue.

assigned to the Bond issue.

Schedule II to this Prospectus contains a copy of Ihe leer ol notification of the
provisional rating on the par of S£<P España.

Considerations concerning S£P Españas rating.

he rating scales of S££P Rating Services, used by SA-P España for medium and lor
db issues on the one hand, and shorterm issues on the other, ae as follows:

Medium and —— Shortterm
Lomgzterm
> AAA Ae
2 NA +A
A AZ
+ BBB +A
- BB +8
-B 0
- 0cc -D
co
.C
-D

"Th scales AA through CCC for medium and long-term debt may be modified wi a + or—
sign which indices the relative position wihin each category.

SK España assigns a rating of AAA to debr issues whose capacity to pay interest and to
redeem principal is extremely sirong. An A rating is awarded Lo debt isues with strong
capacity lo pay interest and redee principal. A BBB raing is awarded to debt issues with
an adequate capacity to pay interest and redcem principal, but is more susceptible to being
alected by adverse economic conditions and, consequently, 1o having 1s capacity 1o
perform its economic obligations more debiltatd than debts ranked higher.

The raing given by Standard £ Poor's concerning credit sisk is am opinion as to the
capacity ol the Fund to meet periodic interest and principal payments throughout he life ol
the operation ad, in any case, prior 0 Uhe Legal Maturity Date of the said Bonds.



vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

The rating does not constitute u recommendation o buy, sell or hold securitics, Lis an
opinion. not intended to cause potential investors to avoid he need to perform Iheir oxn
analyses of the Bonds.

Ratings may be revised, suspended or willdrawn at any time by S£P España, depending
upon any information of wbich it becomes aware. Such situations, which would not
constitute events of cuy redemption of the Fund, shall be immediately reported to both the
Spanish Securities Market Commission as well s the bondholders as provided by Section
ILS3,b),b),

In order to carry out the rating and monitoring process, S£*P España confides in the
“accuracy and completeness of the information furnished to it by Uhe Manager, auditors,
legal counsel and other experts.

Obligations ol the Manager

The Manager, on behalf of the Fund, agrees to fumish SEP España wilh perodi
information on the situation of the Fund and the performance of the Mortgage
Participations and, outside ol the periodic frequency, whenever ii reasonably requested to
do so and, in any case, when there is a change in the conditions of he Fund, the contracis
entered ino hercby through lis Manager, or the interested parties

ln any case, the Manager shall use its best efíors o maintain the rating ol the Bonds at its
initial level and, in ase such rating should fal, to recover the said initial rating.

114 Nature and denomination of securit
Class.

"he issue amount shall be Euros nine hundred million (EUR. 900.000.000). and shall be

formed by nine thousand (9.000) Bonds.

"Th said face amount is broken down into three Bond Classes

(1), Class A: formed by ight thousand six hundred seventy-two (8,672) Bonds and a total
ace amount of Euros cight hundred sixty-seven million two hundred thousand (EUR
867.200.000).

(ió) Class B: formed by ninety (90) Bonds and a total face amount of Euros nine million
(EUR 9.000.000).

(ii) Class C: formed by two hundred thity-cight (238) Bonds and a total face amount of
Faros twenty-three milion eight hundred thousand (EUR 23,800,000).

Classes B and C are placed behind (ist in hc payment of interest and ar, in the payment
of principal) Class A and also between them, in accordance wit the provision of he order
of priority of payments, as contained in Section V.5.,b),2, of this Prospectus,

o olTered, indicating the number of the issue or

he subscription or holding of Bonds of one Class does not imply 1h subscription or
holding of he Bonds of the other Class.

The said Bonds enjoy the legal status af homogencous, standardized, fixed. income
securiies and, consequently,cligible for trading on organized socuritics markets.

114.1 Legal scheme of securitie, specifying the procedures which guarantee the
certalnty and effectiveness of the rights of cir first and subsequent holders.
Implications on the financial servicing of each one of the Class of securities
issued against the Fund caused by the required link between the payment
schedule for principal and interest of the said securitics and the Mows of



vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

úrevenues and collections coming from the assets subject to sccuritization

rough the Fund.
"The Bonds to be issued enjoy the legal status of specifid-yicld, simple fixed
income negotiable securitics

As simple fixed income negotiable securiic, the Bonds are subject o 1h legal
scheme provided in respect thercof by the Spanish Securities Market Act. As
detailed under Section IES, ina, the Bonds shall be represented by book-entrics,
“nd cir runsfer shall be Caricd out through accounting transfer

As established by article 11 of Royal Decres 116/1992, the Bonds represented by
bookcentics shall be established as such by virtue of Ubcir registration n the
pertinent accounting record, to be carried in the manner established under Section
IIS, infra, by Iberclear. Once the said registration has been carried out, the Bonds
shall be subject to Uhe rules provided by Tide L, Chapter IL, of Law 24/1988 and
Royal Decree 116/1992.

Cenificates oflegtimacy of ownership may be isued al he request and exclusive
expense of a Bondholder, and shall include, apur from the identity of the holder,
e purpose for which ibey are issued and the effective period Uhereol.. The
provisions of Tide 1, Chapter, Section Four of Royal Decres 116/1992 shall be
applicable for his purpose.

"The Bonds may be frecly transferred by any means admitted by Law. The tie to
cach Bond shall be transferred by accounting transfer. The registration of the
transfer in favor of the transferee in the accounting record shall produce the same
elflecis as the tradition of certificates and from such time, the transfer shall be
effective and cligible for challenge vis-2-vis hird partes, ln this regard, a third
party who acquires far consideraion the Bonds represented by book-entris from a
person who, as per the entries of he accounting record, appears to have standing to
transfer them, shall not be subject to challenge, unless at the time of the acquisition,
lcre has been bad fail or gross negligence.

Diferentes ween the Fund 1 and payment flow

Aricle 5.7 of Law 19/1992 establises Ihat managers may temporarily acquire
Financial asscts oF a sufficient quality which do not deteriorate the creditwonhiness
al the Fund's liabilie, in order to cover any temporary shorfalls between the
principal and interest flow schedule on the Mortgage Paricipaions and that ol the
Bonds issued. ln this regard, the Manager, on behall o the Fund, will enter into,
inter alía, a Guaranteed Rate Reinvesiment Agreement to he executed with the
Bank, by vinue of which the Bank shall guarantee a variable rentabiliy Lo the
amounis deposited by the Fund through its Manager in the Cash Account, in the
rms and conditions described under Section V.3.1 of his Prospectas.

1142. Other implications and risks which, due to the legal and economic nature of

ie assets pooled into the Fund, could affect the financial servicing of the
sued against the Fund as a consequence ol the securi

process in respect ol the said assets.

3) Risk of non-payment of the Mortgage Participations.

"The holders of the Bonds issued against the Fund shall be responsible for the
sisk ol non-payment of he Mortgage Paricipations pooled there.



vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

Consequently, he UCI as Assignor, in accordance with the criteria established
by article 348 of the Spanish Commercial Code, is liable1o the Fund exclusively
for the existence and legitimacy of the Mortgage Louns, as well as for the legal
status and standing with which the assignment is made; however, ít assumes no.
Habilty for the non-payment of Ihe debtors, whether principal, interest, or any
úlhr amount they may owe in accordance with the Mortgage Loans.

Nor shall it assume in any onher manner, any liabiliy in direcly or indirecy
guarantecing Ahe successful conclusion of he operation. or grant security"
interests or bank guarantees, or incur any repurchase agreements.

of prepayment of the Mortgage Participations.

"The Mortgage Panicipations pooled into the Fund are suscepúble o being
prepsid when the debiors of Ahe Mortgage Loans prepay the portion of the
principal pending amortization to UCI,

"The risk such prepayment will represent shall be transfered quarter. on cach
Payment Date, to the Bondholders in accordance with the amortization rules
described under Section 1.11 of his Prospectas.

+) Other considerations.

1L(142.).1 Protection

An investment in Bonds may be affected, inter alía, by a deteriortion in
general economic conditions which has an adverse effect on the payments
of the Mortgage Participaions baking the Fund's issue. Ln the event hat
non-payment should reach a high level, they could reduce, or even
eliminate, the protection against losses in the Mortgage Louns portfolio
enjoyed by the Bonds asa result ol the existence of the credit enhancements
described under Section V.3 of this Prospectus.. Notwilhstanding the
foregoing considerations, he Bondholders have thcir risk mitigated y the
order of priority of payments described under Section V.S.Lb)2 of this
Prospectas

2.0)2 Liability

The Bonds issued by the Fund do not represent an obligation of the
Manager or the Assignor. The flow of funds used to meet Uhe obligations
isiggcred by the Bonds is insured or guaranteed only in the specific
circumstances and up to Uhe limits cited in Ahis Prospectus. With the
exception of these guarantees, no others granted by any public or privat
entity, including the Manager, the Assignor and any affiliate or investec
«company Ihereol, exist, The Mortgage Participations pooled into the Fund
nd the rights the later cary vih hem, constitute the principal source of
income of the Fund and, therefore, of payments to 1he holders of its
Vabilitics

203

No guarantee exists tha trading in the Bonds on the market will come to

take place with a minimum frequency or volume. In addition, in no case
may the Fund repurchase the Bonds from thcir holders, although they may
indeed be redeemed in full carly, among her circumstances, in case ol
carly liquidation of the Fund when the Outstanding Balance of the


vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

Mortgage Participutions pending amortizaion is less than 10% of initial
balance, in hc terms established under Section HI of this Prospectus
2.094 Viela.

"The prepayment ate of the Mortgage Participations may be influenced by
various geographic, economic and social factors such as seasonal trend,
market interest rates, the sectorial distribution of the portfolio and, in
general, th level of economic activity

"The calculation of he intenal rate of return, he average lfe and the term of
ihe Bonds is subject to hypolheses ol prepayment rates which may not
materializ,

14.2.c).5 Several Legal Aspects
On the Date of Incorporation, he Assignor has made a series ol
representations and warrantcs, as stated in Chapter EV of this Prospectas.
"They relte, inter alía, to the characteristics of the Mortgage Losns which
will coincide with what is to be established in the Deed of Incorporation, as
well as the absence of any obstacle against the issuance of the, In any case,
1h Assignor docs not guarantes the solveney ol the deblors of he Mortgage.
Loans. Furhermore, ihese warramtics do not slow the Bondholders to
exercise against hc Assignor any right they may have against the Fund.
"The Manager, in he terms established under Section IL21, infra, is the only
entity authorized to represent the Bondholders in relations with hird parties
rin any legal proceeding related to th Fund.

"The Assignor, as administrator of 1he Mortgage Loans, agrees Lo act with
the same diligence as if dealing with any other asset existing in lis portfolio.

entrusted with the

ILS Form of representation, denomination and address of ent
“accounting record.

The Bonds shall be represented by means of hookentrics, in accordance with the
provisions ol anice five, item 9 of Law 19/1992 and Royal Decree 116/1992. They will be
established as such by vintue of tir regisraion in the perinent accounting record. ln this
respect, i is hereby stated for the record hat the Decd of Incorporation shall take the
ellecis provided by article 6 of the Spanish Securities Market Act, so that the deed
including the representation of the Bonds by means of book-entrics hall be th isuance
decd.

The Bondholders shall be identified as such as per Ihe accounting record camied by
Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro Compensación y Liquidación de Valores
S.A. (hereinalter, “Therclear”), who shall be appointed as the entity entrusted wit the said
sccounting record in the Decd of Incomoraion, in such 1 manner hat Uhe clcaring and
seulement of ihe Bonds may be carried out in accordance with the rules of operation

Iberclear has established or may approve in he future with respect to securiis represented
by book-entics which are admite o trading on the ALAF market

"he following shall be carried in the Central Record for which Iberelears responsible with
respect to each participating emy: _) an account which reflects the balance of Bonds held
from time to time by each participating entity, and b) another account which refects the
geregate balance of Bonds which each paricipating entity has registered in ts accounts in
he name ol third parties


vera Prospectus May 2005
[ OXAPTER E: INFORMATION RELATI TO SECURIES ISSUE AOANST THE MORTOAOE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

"he accounts peraining to cach Bondholder shall be carried in Uhe accounting records for
vwbich the participating entities ae responsible, and sbll at sl lámes express the balance ol
those Bonds held by the later.

The offices of Iberlear are located in Madrid, u calle Pedro Texcira, 8, Edificio “Iberia
Mart”, 28020.

IL6 Face amount ol the aggregate securiics issued against the Fund, number of securities
included and mumbering thereol, as the case may be, broken down by the various
Classes o the issue,

The total issue amount shall be Euros nine hundred million (EUR 900.000.000), to be

formed by nine thousand (9.000) Bonds.

"Th said face amount is broken down int three Bond Class

di), Class A: formed by Euros cight thousand six hundred seventy-tw0 (EUR 8,672) Bonds
nd a total face amount ol Euros cight hundred sixy-scven million two hundred
ousand (EUR 867,200.00).

(ió) Class B: formed by ninety (90) Bonds and a total face amount of Euros nine million
(EUR 9.000.000).

(ii) Class C: formed by two hundred thity-cight (238) Bonds and a total face amount of
Faros twenty-three milion eight hundred thousand (EUR 23,800,000).

Classes B and C are placed behind (ist in hc payment of interest and ar, in the payment

of principal) Class A and also between them, in accordance with the provision of he order

of priority of payments, as contained in Section V.5.,),2, of this Prospectus,

“he subscription or holding of Bonds of one Class does not imply Ihe subscription or

holding of he Bonds of the other Classes.

IL7. Face amount and cash amount ol each security.

"he isue price ol the Bonds forming all Classes shall be Euros one hundred thousand
(EUR 100.000) per Bona, free of taxes and subscription expenses for the subscribe

The expenses and, as the case may be, taxes inherent 0 the subscription shall e for the
sccount of the Fund.

The redemption price for the Bonds shall be Euros one hundred thousand (EUR 100.000)
per Bond, equivalent 1o the face value hercol, free of expenses for th bondholder, payable
progressively on cach Payment Date,

ILS Fees and related expenses ol any type which must obligatory be paid by investors
"upon subs:cribing the securitics issued against the Fund.

"he issue price indicated above shall be frec of taxes and subscription expenses for the
subseriber.

IL9 Mention, if applicable, of the existence, us the case may De, of fees for the account of
holders ol the securities issued against the Fund, obligatorily represented through
book-entries, for registration and maintenance of balance.

The fee accrued for inclusion of the Bonds in Iberclear's Central Registry, shall be for the
sccount of the Fund. It is not applicable to collect same. Funthermore, no fee exists for

maintenance of balance.

For thcir par, ihe emitics participating in Iberclear may establish, in accordance with
current law in foree, such fees and expenses 10 be collected from the Bondholder, for

10


vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

“administration of securtics, as Ihey may frecly determine and which, at he appropriate
time, have been reported to ihe Bank of Spain and/or the CNMV as the regulatory authority
in respect there.

1L10 Interest rate clause.

Ma

"Nominal interest rate.

AI of the Bonds shall acerue an annual variable nominal interest, to be paid
quarter. which shal result rom applying he criteria contained below.

Such resulting interest rte shall be paid quarterly on cach Payment Date, as
described under Section IL10.3, infra, in respect of the Balance Pending Payment
on the Bonds of each Class (as described under Section 1L.113,), 3)

Any withholdings, contributions and taxes established or to be established in the
Future on the principal, interes orreturs on the Bonds, shall e at the bondholders"
exclusive expense, and he amoun thereo! shall be deducted, as the case may be, by
le Manager, acting on behall of the Fund, in he manner established by law.

1) Acerual.

"he term ol Ihis issue shall herefore be divided into successive interest accrual
periods (hercinafier, the “Interest Acerual Periods”), comprising the actual
days existing between cach Payment Date described under Section 110.3 0 this
Prospectus, including in each Interest Accrual Period the initial Payment Date,
“and excluding the Final Payment Dat, calculated on he basis oa three hundred
siay (360) day year.

b) Nominal interest rate.

"The nominal interest rue for cach Interest Acerual Period acerued by the Bonds
shall be ne result ol adding together: (6) the reference interest rate of three (3)
monih EURIBOR or four (4) month EURIBOR, the later for Uhe First interest
accrual period (hercinafler, the “Fiest Interest Accrual Period”) or, if
necessary, its substitute, as described under section ), infra, and (i) the spread
applicable to each Class of Bonds, as indicated below under section d), all ol
vhichrounded ot to the closestthousandih of one percent

Determination of EuR160x (Reference Interest Rate).

(The said rate known as EuRImOR, (Euro Interbank Borrowing Offered Rate).
is the reference rate of the Euro money market, in deposit transactions al
three (3) months or our (4) months, hc later for the Fist Interest Accrual
Period. The EURIBOR to be used shall be calculated, distributed and
published by REUTERS, on page EURIBORO! (or such other page as may
¿come to replace it in this service), at 11:00 um. (Brussels time, CET,
Central Europcan Time) o he Rate Fixing Time described herebelow.

(o), Inte event of absence of rates as provided by section (1, supra, te interest
rate resuling from taking the simple arilimetic mean of he interbank.
offered rates for deposit transactions in Euros (EURIBOR), at threc (3)
months or four (4) months, the later for the Fist Interest Accrual Period, al
the Rate Fixing Time provided. by the banks listed below at about 11.00.
s.m, shall apply as Reference Rate:

+ Banco Santander Central Hispano, S.A., sucursal Londres (London
Branch,



vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

+ BNP Paribas, sucursal Londres (London Branch).
+ LP. Morgan Chase, sucursal Londres (London Branch),

sil of which rounded out to th closest one thousandih of one percent.

In the event it is impossible lo apply he above reference interest rate,

because one of the aforesaid Banks does not provide, in a continuous

fashion, a declaraion of quotatins, he interest rate resulting from applying.

¡he simple arithmetic mean of th interest rates declared by the remaining.

io banks shall apply. all of which rounded out lo ihe closest one

thousandih of one percent

IL one of the two banks mentioned above ceases to provide in a continuous

fashion a declaration of quotaions, the last nominal interes rte applicable

10 he last Interest Accrvsl Period shall apply throughow! successive Interest

AcerualPeriods as long as such impossibiliy is maintained.

IE vw of the Banks listed above should resume quoting, the substitute

reference rate shall again be applicd as per the foregoing rules.

"The Manager shall Keep on file the REUTERS screen or, as the case may

bo, the declarations of quotations of the bands mentioned in his section, 48

documents accrediting the EURIBOR rate so determined,

1) Spread 1o be applicd to the reference rate for each one of the Bond Classes:

"The spread to be applied to the reference rate, determined as specified above, in
order to calculate the interest rate which the Classes A. B, and C Bonds will
accrue in cach Interest Accrual Period, respectively. hall range between 0.08%
“and 0.18%, both inclusive, for the case of the Class A Bonds, between 0.20%
and 0.35%, both inclusive, for the case of the Class B Bonds, and between
0.40% and 0.60%, both inclusive, for the case of the Class C Bonds.

"The deinitive spreads applicable to Classes A, B and C respectively, shall be set
prior to the start af the Subscription Period. Specifically, they shall be set and
notified to the Manager, on the Date of Incorporation (May 30, 2005) by the
Lead Managers... Funthcrmore, the Manager shall also notify ihe CNMV as
addiional information. In the absence of the notice lo be made by the Lead
Managers. he Manager shall set the Class A spread al 0.013%, the Class B
spread 210.250 and the Class C spread at 0.50%

Rate Setting Time.

"The nominal interest rate applicable to all Bond Classes for cach Interest
Accrual Period shall b determincd by he Manager, on behalf of the Fund, on
it second Business Day as per the calendar ol TARGET (Trans European
Automated Real-Time Gross Setilement Express Transfer System) preceding
cach Payment Date, as described under Section ILIO3, infra, at 11:00 am
(CET) that day (hereinafir, the “Rate Setting Time”), and shall be applicable
for following Interest Accrual Period.

"The interest rate on al Bond Classes for the first Interest Accrual Period shall be
determined on the basis Of the reference interest rate (EURIBOR at four (4)
moral) at 11:00 22m. (CET) on the Date of Incorporation, or if this should be:
a holiday on the TARGET calendar, on the immediately preceding Business
Day. lt shall be disclosed to the general public in he legal motice of


vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

incorporation of the Fund and Bond issue, as contemplated by Section TIL, BJ.

1) of his Prospectus.

"The nominal interest rates resulting for ll Bond Classes for successive Interest

Accrual Periods shall be notificd to he bondholders within he deadline and in

the manner contemplated in th aforesaid Section IÍS.3.3)3)

For purposes ol this issue, Non-Business Days shall be taken to mean all days

vhieh are:

6) Saturday,

(iy Sunday.

(Gi) TARGET calendar holidays (for the sole purpose of determining the
nominal interest ate applicable for cach Interest Acerual Period), includes,
apart from the days recognized under (6) and Gi), supra, January 1, Good
Friday, Easter Monday, May 1, December 25 and December 26, and

(Gs) holidays in Madrid (for the purpose of determining the nominal interest rate
spplicuble for cach Interest Acerual Period and for th remaining conditions
of the issue).

1) Information! table of evolution ol reference interest rate to be used.

Purely as a matter of ilusration, the following presents the data relating to

EURÍBOR rates at three (3) months, furnished by REUTERS, on the dates

indicated, as well as th rates which would be applicable to the tbree Classes of

Bonds (A, BC)

Dates muRÑOR] Clas A | ChsB | Clas C
dlmyyyyy Bonds | Bonds | Bonds
ra/orr200s [222% 230% | 230%
1202/2004 [21970 23114 | 567%
103/2004 [2.1880 308% | 2558%
13/0/2004 ——]2168% 23580 | 253%
13/05/2004 —[2223% 230% | 2393%
106/2004 [220% 230% | 260%
Esjori200s [22450 23654 | 615%
2/08/2004 — [22440 236% | 613%
3/09/2004] 22460 236% | 2616%
13/10/2004 —[2278% 2398% | 26486
TI/11/2004——[2302% 2423% | 2672%
13/12/2004 — [23040 242% | 267%
12/01/2005 [22740 23946 | 26146
102/2005 [22700 2390% | 26406
103/2005 [22636 2304 | 265%
18/03/2005 [22640 10] 20 | 263%
oms/200s [21266 | 235s0% | 231800 | 2.6080%

11.102 Simple mention of numerical place in the Fund's ranking of priority of

payments occupied by te interest payments on the securitics issued
nereagainst, and specific indication of the section ol this Prospectus where the


vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

rules of priority in the Fund's payments are established and, specifically, those
Which alTect the interest payments on the said securitcs.

"The payment of interest acerued on the Class A Bonds ranks second (2% place, he
payment of interest on the Class B Bonds ranks third (3) place, and the payment of
Gnteres on the Class C Bonds ranks fourth (48) place in the order of priority of
paymenis established under Section VS, b), 2, of this Prospecta, unless the
deferral rules established in he said Section are mel.

11.10.3 Dates, place, entities, and procedure for payment of interest.

Interest on all Bond Classes shall be paid on March 15, June 15, September 15, and
December 15 of euch car rt immediately following Business Day (herinatr,
collecively the “Payment Dates" and cach one, the “Payment Date") until
amorization in full all of which tough the procedure indicated under Section
AL2, paragraph one, ol his Prospectus)

In th event that one of the LS? days af the months mentioned above ás not a
Business Day (as described under Section IL10., ). supra) th inrest payment
tl be made on hc immediately following Madrid Busines Day, with interest
pertaining to tb Interest Accrual Period described under Section IL10., a), o
Prospectus accruing up o he said first Business Day, noncinclusive

"The first interest payment on he ree Classes Bonds shall take place on September
15, 2005, with more than a complete quarter having transpied from the pay-out of
hc Bonds. In this cas, th interest will acerue 21h peine nominal interest rate
rom the Date of Pay-0ut by the subscribers contemplated under Section IL1$.S,
inclusive through September 15, 2005, non-inclusiv,

"The calculation of interest to be paid on cach Payment Date for cach Interest
“Acerual Period shall be made pursuant to he following formula:

Where:
1 = Interest payable on a speciicd Payment Date.

Balance Pending Payment on the Bonds, on the Determination Date pertaining.
10 cach Payment Date,

i= Intrestrate expressed as a percentage per annum.
d= Numberof days trnspiring during each Interest Acerual Period.

Both interest resuling to th credit of 1he Bondholders, calculated as provided
above, as well as the amount of interest accrued and not paid, hall be reported to
lie Bondholders, in the manner described under Section IILS3, at least one (1)
calendar day in advance of each Payment Date

ln the event that on a Payment Date, the Fund cannot make payment on the interest
accrued by he Bonds pursuant to the order of priority of payments established
under Section V.5.I, b), 2, the amounts which the bondholders have ceased to
eceive shall be paid on 1h next Payment Date on which Available Funds exist
susceptible o being applicd for such purpose. Such deferred sum of interest shall
acerue to he credi of the Bondholders interes equal to that applied to cach Class


vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

Bonds during the Interest Accrual Period(s) through the Payment Date on which
payment therco! takes place and without this implying a capitlizaion of the debt.

"The Fund, through its Manager, may not defer the payment of interes on the rec
Classes beyond December 15, 2039 (hercinafter, the “Final Maturity Date” of the
Bonds), or the following Business Day.

ln order to facilite the subscriber's comprehension of the sysiem for setting the
applicable nominal interes rte, and the amount ol interes o be reccived on each
Bond on cach Payment Date, a practical case is included hercin, as well as the
"hcoretical Tables or Financial Servicing of Indebredness, both in Section IL12, a)
and) of Uhis Prospectus.

IL11 Redemption of the Bonds.

ma

Redemption price.

"The redemption price for the three Bond Classes shall be Euros one hundred
housand (EUR 100,000) per Bond, equivalent to the face value thereol, free of
expenses for the bondholder payable progressively on cach Payment Dat

1.112 Simple mention of numerical place in the Fund's ranking of priority or

TL113 Forms of amortization, specifying the dates, place, ent

payments occupied by the securities issued thereagainst, and precise indication
of the section of this Prospectus where the rules of priority established for the
Fund's payments and, specifically, those afTecting principal payments on the
said securitis, are described.

"he payment f principal n th wee Clases Bonds occupis ff (5%) place in he
xd of priority of payments established under Section V-S.l, b, 2.

5, procedure and

public motice thereof.
3) Final Redemption.
"The Final Maturty Date, and consequent definiive redemption of all Bond
Classes is December 15, 2039, or the following Business Day. without prejudice
10 the Manager, on behall of the Fund, and in accordance with the provisions of
section €), infa. procccding lo redeem his issue carly. in which case, the
Payment Date on which redemption shall take place shall be the definiive
Redemption Date of the Bonds,
b) Partial Redemption.
Notwithstanding the above, the Fund, through lts Manager, shall proceed to
carry out partial redemptions of the three Classes Bonds, in the terms described
below:
1. Redemption Payment Dates.
"These shall be he same as he interest Payment Dates, e. March 15, June 15,
September 15 and December 15 of each year (or hc next Business Day, as
“described in Section 1.103 of the Prospectus) until redeemed in ful

"The fist redemption payment on the Class A Bonds shall be September 15,
2005, in accordance with he rules contained in this Section.

"he first redemption payment on the Class 13 Bonds shall take place on the
Payment Date on which the Balance Pending Payment on the Class B Bonds
is greater than or equal to 2% of the Balance Pending Payment on al Bonds


vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

of he Three Classes (and subject to the provisions for the redemption of he
Class B8 Bonds, in section 6, ina, and Section V.5.2 of this Prospectus).

"The first redemption payment on the Class C Bonds shall take place on the
Payment Date on which the Balance Pending Payment on the Class C Bonds
is greater than or equal to 5.36 af he Balance Pending Payment on all Bonds
of he Three Classes (and subject to the provisions fo the redemption of he
Class C Bonds, in section 6, ina, and Section V.5.2 of his Prospectus).

2. Determination Dates; Determination Periods.

"These shall be the dates on which the Manager, on behalf of the Fund, shall
perlorm ihe necessary calculaions in order lo distribute or wilhhold the
Available Funds existing through such dates, in accordance with the order of
priority of payments described in Section V 5.1, b). 2.0 his Prospectas.

"he said “Determination Date” shall be that which corresponds avi the ff»
(5”) Madrid Business Day preceding each Payment Date and shall delineate
the periods included successively between the said Determination: Dates,
which shall be referred to as “Determination Period”, including in each
Period the initial Determination Date, and excluding the final one.

By way of exception, the fist Determination Period shall be the one between
the Pay-0ut Date described in Section IL18.5, and the fist Determination
Date

3. Balances Pending Payment on Classes A, B and C Bonds.

"These shall be taken to mean the outstanding balance of the Bonds of each
Class, such balances including the Redemption Amounts Acerued, as
described, infra, in point 4, on previous Payment Dates, and not paid due to
insuffcient Available Funds, as per the order of priority of payments
«contained in Section V.5.,),2 of the Prospectus.

4. Redemption Amount Accrued on each Payment Date.

"The Redemption Amounts Accrued on the Classes A, B, and C Bonds,
without distincion between them, shall be cqual o the difference existing, in
absolute terms, betwcen the Balance Pending Payment on the three Bond.
Classes on the Determination Date prior 1o cach Payment Date, and the
Outstanding Balance of he Mortgage Participations, having fest Subiracted
from be later a percentage of he principal amount of the Mortgage Loans
which have experienced lnteness in the payment ol amounis owed for a
period greste han or equal to 18 mon

This percentage shall be determined in function of the time, speclicd by

months of delay in the payment of hc amounts owed (T) and of the Loan to

Value (LTV) ratio in respect of the Mortgage Loan (ML) underying each
Participation, in ccordance with the following rules:

MORTGAGE LOANS

LIV 118 | 124 | 136 | 1-48
MONTHS | MONTHS | MONTHS | MONTHS.

O 60% Mix 50% | Mex 75% [Mx 100% | Mix 100%



vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

040%] Mex25% | Mex s0% | Mex 75% [Mex 100%
40% 0% 105 mix 25% | Mix 50%
Example:

ML: EUR 60.000. LTV: 65%
60,000* SO: EUR 30,000 at 18 months
60.000* 25%: EUR 15,000 at 24 months
60,000* 250%: EUR 15,000 at 36 months

"The outstanding balance of the Mortgage Participations (hercinafie, the
“Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage Participations”), shall be
composed of bolh ihe Principal Amounis Accrued und not collected, as well
as the Amounis of Principal not yet Acerued and pending maturis.

Liquid amount to be paid as redemption on cach Payment Date and

Redemption Shor(fal

"The Redemption Amount Acerued which may be witlheld in ib (5*) place

in the order ol priority of payments, depending upon the existing liquidity of

the Available Funds (as described in Section V.5.1 hercin) of his Prospectus.
shall constitute the Available Funds for Redemption.

On th other hand, the Redemption Shortfall (if any) shall be the difference:

betwcen the Redemption Amount Acerued and he Available Funds for

Redemption.

Distribution of Available Funds for Redemption among the Bonds of each

Clas.

"The Funds Available for Redemption, coming from the wihholding to be

carried out as per point 5 of lhe order of priority of payments, shall be

«armarked towards said redemption, in accordance with he following rules:

1. Through the fest Payment Date (exclusive) on which ho Balance Pending
Payment on the Class B Bonds is greater than or equal to 20% ol the
Balance Pending Payment on ll Bonds of the three Classes, he Available
Funds for Redemption shall be used in their entrety for redemption of th
Class A Bonds.

On the Payment Date on which ihe above rato is greater than or equal to
2%, lhe Available Funds for Redemption shall be applicd towards
tedemption of both Classes A and B, proportionaly between them, in such
“3 manner hat he said ratio between the Balance Pending Payment on the.
Class B Bonds and the Balance Pending Payment on all Bonds o th tre
Classes shall be maintained at 2%

3. On the Payment Date on which the Balance Pending Payment on the Class
C Bonds is greater han or equal to 5.3% of the Balance Pending Payment
+n all Bonds of the three Classes, the Funds Available for Redemption
shall be applied towards redemption of the three Classes A, B and C, in
such manner that the ratio betwcen the Balance Pending Payment on the
Class B Bonds and the Balance Pending Payment on all Bonds of th tre.
Classes shall be muintained at 2% and he ratio betwcen the Balance.


vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

Pending Payment on the Class C Bonds and th Balance Pending Payment
on al Bonds of the three Classes shall be maintained at 5.3%

In relation to the Redemption of he Classes B and C Bonds, and even if alL of
the circumstances contemplated in the above rules are fulfilld, it shall mot
take place if any of he following circumstances should occur:

(0 tia the Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage Participaions subject to
lateness greater than or equal to ninety (90) days on the Determination
Date immediately preceding the Payment Date in progress is greater than
or equal to 2% of the Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage
Participation.

(ii) tatu Redemption Defict exists greater than 100% of the amount of the
Class C Bonds, as described above under secion 5.

(li) ta the available amount of the Reserve Fund is les than Uhe minimum
“amount required (as determined in Section V.3.3 of this Prospectus

(iv) at the Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage Participations pending.
redemption is less han 10% ol the initial outstanding balance.

In any of be above cases (3), il), ii) and (iv) all of the Funds Available for
Redemption shall be carmarked towards redemption of the Class A Bonds.
AL the lime in Which none of such circumstances occur, he redemplion ol
Classes B and C shall e re-ostabliscd.

Notwithstanding the above, and in he event tha on 4 Payment Date, and as a
ú«consequence ol the order ol pririly of payments contemplated under Section
VS.1, b), 2 of this Prospectus, the Fund does not have sufficient liquidity to
camy on ihe suid Bond redemplion, that is. a Redemption Deficil
muaterializs, it shall be added to the amounts which must be paíd on the
following Payment Date for principal redempiion, accruing the interest
pertaiing to cach Class of Bonds, given hat in any case, it shall form part of
ihe balance pending payment on the ree Classes Bonds, which is the
amount pending principal redempion on cach one of the Bond Classes
(hercinafer, hc “Balance Pending Payment on the Bonds”)

The Manager shall proceed to notify 1he Bondholders in the manner
«contemplated under Section IL. 3,2)4”) of the principal redempúion amount
resulting in their favor, the Balances Pending Payment on the Bonds, the
Redemption Deficit if any, not paid due 1o insufficient Available Funds, as
well as the true prepayment rates in respect ol Uhe Mortgage Loans and the.
average residual life of the Bonds.

e) Early Redemption.
Notwithstanding the obligation of the Fund, through lis Manager, o redeem the:
Bonds on thcir Final Maturity Date and notwilhstanding the provisions of he
foregoing paragraph, the Fund, through its Manager, may proceed with the
carly liquidation of ¡he Fund and, consequently, Ihe carly redemplion on a
Payment Date of all o he Bonds, in the following cases:

(6) When the Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage Paricipaions is less than
10% of the initial balance, provided that (he sule of the Mortgage
Participations pending amortization, together with the balance existing al
that time in the Cash Account and ín the Surplus Funds Account (as



vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

described in Section V.3.1 hereol), if any, allows for cancellarion in full
of all outstanding obligations to the Bondholders and respecting the
previous payments Lo th later, he order of priority ol which ranks as a
preference as described under Section V-S.1.b)2 0 this Prospectus,

() When the provisional rating of he Bonds is not confirmed as definitivo
prior the star af he Subscription Period.

(Gi) When due to a change in current regulaions in force or the accurrence of
exceptional circumstances, in the judgement of the Manager, a substamial
alieation or permanent impairment of (he financial equilibrium of the
Fund takes place,

(óv) Under the circumstance contemplated by antcle 19 of Royal Decree
926/1998, establishing the obligation to liquidate the Fund carly in the
event that four (4) months have transpired from when an event
determining the compulsory substtution of the Manager takes. place,
because th later is declared in temporary reccivership or bankrupt
(currenly, concurso in Spanish), without new manager being found that
is iling lo take charge of the Fund's Management; or

(0). When a non-payment indicativo of a serious and permanent imbalance!
takes place ori forescen to take place in relation Lo any of the Bonds.
Section UI. of this Prospectus describes in more detail he circumstances which
carry With hem the carly liquidaion and termination of the Fund.

1112 Table of financial servicing of indebtedness, including both interest payments as well

as principal redemption, or each Class ol Mortgage Securitization Bonds to be issued
as a charge against the Fund.
"he financial servicing of he Bond issue will be handied through the Bank. which shall be
diecmed, for this purpose, lo be the agent bank (hercinafier, he “Agent Bank"). The
payment of bolh interest and principal shall be reported to the Bondholders ín the cases and
as muny days in advance as contemplated under Section IIL5.3.2)") of he Prospectus
"he said payment of interest and redemptions shall be made against presentation by the
legitimate Bondholders ol th pertinet document accrediting tie Ihereto, or against the
pertinent centificate issued by the entity entrusied with ihe Accounting Records, as
identficd under Section IL of the Prospecta.

1) Practical case illustrating fixing of nominal interest rate.

In compliance wilh the provisions of Section IL1O3 and in order to facilitate the
subscriber's comprehension of the system for fixing he nominal interes rate and the
“amount ol inerest to be reccived on each Class A. Bond on cach Payment Date, the
following reflecis ihe form of calculation of said Bonds under the following

+ FURISORRATE al Uhree (3) months: 2.1280

+ Spread (average value ol the interval established.
in Section L10.1.4), which may difr from the defintive spread). — 0.13%

2258%
+ Amount ofinterest per Bond:

+ Interest period per Bond: 92 days (9)

2 Balance Pending Payment on Bond: EUR 100.000


vera Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO ]

100.000 x 2258: 92

UR 577.0444
100 x 360

+ Rounded ou o he closest whole number: EUR 577.04

(*) taking as an example a quarter of such duration, for example, one formed by
the months of June, July and August

Consequently, the amount of interest o be received per Class A Bond would be EUR
577.04 on a Balance Pending Payment on the Bond of EUR 100.000, The example
would be identical for the Class B Bonds, other than substtuting the spread 0£ 0.13% of
Class A for 0.25% of Class E, in such a manner Uhat the interest rate to be applied to
Class E, would be 2.378% und the interes o be received for cach Class B Bond would
be EUR 607.71 and for Class C the spread to be applied would be 0.50%, whereby the
interest rate would be 2.6286 und the interest Lo be reccived for cach Class C Bond
sould be EUR 671.60.

b) Tables ol financial servicing ol indebtedness.

The principal charactersic of the Bonds lie in he fact that their periodic redemption,
nd, therelore, their average life and term, fundamentaly depends on the speed with
vvbich the debtors decide to pay off the underIying loans.

In this regard, any prepayments the debtors decide to make, subject to continuous
changes, and estimated in this Prospectus by using the future Constant Annual
Prepayment Rate (hereinafle, “CAPR”), will have a direct impact on the speed in which
the Mortgage Loans are paid off and, therefore, on the average life and term of the
Bonds.

Furthermore, other variables exis, also subject to continuous changes, which afct such
average life and term of the Bonds. "These variables and Ihcir bypothetical values
“assumed in all of te tables appesring in his Section ar as follows:

+ interest ate of he Montg
+ default ate on the Mort

Pasticiations: 398%

igage Participations portfolio: 0.60% per annum, 0.05% per

month, vila 12-month recovery period:

« charge-o1Ís from he Mortgage Participatons portfolio: 0%;

tal the CAPR holds constant throughout the life of the Bonds:

+ that he Pay-Out Date for the Bonds is June 2,2005;

+ tato Redemption Shortfall exists; and

tati borrowers do not exercise cihr the Cuota Comodín missed payment feature
or he option they have to limit growth of he mortgage payment n function of CPI
(as described in Section IV.4 of his Prospectus) in light of interest increases on their
loans.

Finally. he actual adjusted term of the Bonds will also depend on their varible interest
cate, and in al of he tables appearing in his Section, his is assumed to hold constant at
2.258:% for Class A, 2.378% for Class B, and 2.628% for Class C.

Assuming that Ihe issuer will exercise the carly redemption option contemplated in
paragraph one, section c) Section IL1 1.3.0 this Prospectus (1. when the Ouistanding
Balance of he Morsgage Participations is less than 10% of lis iniial amount), the
“average lie and term of the Bonds together with the Internal Rate of Return (hereinafter,
“IRR?), at different CAPR' 5, would be as follows:



vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

EX 3 To 15 20 ES
CLASS A,
Average | 1673 | 1008 | 665 | 4850 370 205
235 | 32 235 235 235 235
Duration | 1172] 715 [47 346 268 219
[Final are | 2552 | 2302 | 1651 [1226 [951 735
CLASSE
Average | 2921] 1632 | 1108 | 807 50 A
Lage
1er 240 | 240 240 240 En En]
Duration | 1525 | 1066 | 726 53 | an 336
Final are | 2852 | 230 | 16st [ms [os 735
CLASS O
Average | 2421] 1622 | 1108 | 801 CT
Lie
er 265 | 365 65 265 265 25
Duration [1523 [1063 | 72% 532 A 336
Final are | 2532 sm ies [oras [ost 735
"he said figures have been calculated by using the following formulas:
” X(Bxa) 1
Average life of Bonds: AI
Where:

-A = Average life o e issucd Bonds of each Class expressed in years

E = Each Bond Class principal o be redcemed on cach Payment Dat.

4= Number of days transpiing from the Pay-ou Date through the Payment Date in
question, in accordance with the amoun! to be redeemed pertaining to cach Bond
Class, as described in Section IL! 1.3.9) ol his Prospectus.

(€ = Total volume in Euros ol each Bond Clas A. B and C.

Term af he Bonds (Macauly formula, as used D= APA
PE (+1)
Where:
-D = Termofsch Bond Class expresed in years.

P = Time transpirng (n Jears) between the Pay-out Date through each one of the
Payment Dates in question.

VA= Present value of csch one of the amounis comprising gross principal and
interest, to be paid on cach one of the Payment Dates, discounted ut the

effective gross interest rate (RR) of 222833% for Class A. 2:4054% for Class

Band 2.6601% for Class C.

Issue price oh Bonds, i.c. EUR 100.000.

Effective gross interest rate (RR) of 22772% for Class A, 2.3993% for Class

Band 2.6540% for Class C.



vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

Finally. the issucr expressly declares ihat the tables of financial servicing ol

indebiedness described below are purely theoretical and, for ilustrative purposes, do not

represent any payment obligation, subject Lo a reminder ia:

+ CAR is assumed to be constant at 15% throughout the lie of he indebredness and
as commented above, the actual prepayment changes continuously

+ "The Balance Pending Payment on the Bonds on cach Payment Date and, therefore,
he interest 1o be paid on cach one, shall depend on the actual prepayment rate
existing in the Mortgage Loans portfolio.

+ "The nominal interest rates on the Bonds are assumed to be constan at 2.2580 for
Class A, 23780% for Class Band 26280% for Class C and, as is known, the
“interest rate on cach Class is variable.

+ "The haypolhetcal values mentioned at the beginning of this Section are assumed in
every case.

+ ás assumed that Une issucr will exercis the carly redemption option contemplated
under paragraph one, Section 111 1.3.c) o this Prospectus.


vera Prospectus May 2005
TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO ]

ms

can

= E
E EA
e E
e E
ES ES
[Ea E ul
temo ri 25
Ss ul
= 35 me
=== === ==>
Aaa aa
Sosa
CI
PTU ANA


vera Prospectas May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]



vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

1L13 Actual interest contemplated for bondholder, specifying the calculation method
adopted and the expenses forescen for concepts appropriate lo the true nature
tereol.
Actual gross interest or bondholder.
In the event that the annual nominal interest rates applicable to the ree Classes A, B and
€, variable quarterly, are held constant throughout the entire life of the indebiedness, al
rales of 22580%, 23780% and 2.6280%, such rates would translate into IRRs for the
bondholder of 2.2772%, 2.3993% and 2.6540% per annurm gross, a ilusrated by the table
contained in Section II.12D) of the Prospectus, given the effect implied by the quartery
payment of interest, calculated as an intemal ¡ate of return without considering the tax
impact, and assuming in any case the values and hypotheses which appear in the
aforementioned Section.

"Th calculaion of the IRR has been made by using the following formula:

Where:
1= IRR expressed as an unnual rat, as a whole number.

al = Total amownts of principal and interest o be reccived by investors (and, in case of
Mows with withholding for the bondholder, the recovery of the relevant annual
vibholding).

(al a

mi =Number of days included between the issue Pay-out Date and March 15, June 15,
Scpiember 15 and December 15 ol each ycar (and, in case of flows with
vwilhholding for the bondholder, the recovery of the relevant annual withholding),

norinclusive,

ILI4 Actual interest contemplated by the Fund at the time of the securitics issue,
considering all expenses relating to the design and placement incurred at lts expense;
specilying the calculation method.

In the event that the variable nominal interest rate on the Bonds holds constant throughout
the entire lfe of the indebtedness uta rte ol 2.2580% for Class A, 2.3780% for Class E
“and 2.6280% for Class C, this rate would translate into an actual rate (RR) for the entire
issue of 2.4385% for the CAPR ol 15%, calculated and assuming the hypolheses mentioned
under Section IL.12,b) as e liquid amount of he issue, ater deducting the issue expenses
from the updated values as at the issue date of all payments for íneres, principal and
cancellstion expenses,

"he expenses forescen are as follows:

1) Incorporation Expenses (Expenses for documentation, publicity and official
charges):
EUR
+ CNMV Official Charges'”: 66.03329
+ ATAF and Iberclear Official Charges (0.059%+ VAT) 53,940.00
. Others: TA


vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

192,666.40

Subtotal (0021):
bo) Issue Expenses:
EUR
+ Management Fec to Manager: 100.000
+ Underuriting and Placement Fees
* Class A(0D4I%) 355,552
* Class B10.08%) 7200
"Class C (0.08%) 19,040
Subtotal (0.0549): 481792
GRAND TOTAL (0.075%): 67445840

10.14% o e total isuesubjet10 ceiling of EUR 39.033 29 fort registration process
nd 0.03% ofthe total su for he listing process

"he expenses incured on the occasion of the liquidation of the Fund shall be for the
account of te later

Expenses rlating to the audit ol the portolio of Mortgage Loans have been paid by UCLin
lts capacity as Assignor.

LAS Existence or non-existence of special warrantics on the Mortgage Participations or the
Bonds.

LUCES Warrantics:

UCI, in its capacity as Assignor and issuer of he Mortgage Participations, hal! repurchase
from he Manager, on behalf of he Fund, for thcir principal value plus interes accrued and
ot paid, any Mortgage Participations which do not conform on the Date of Incorporation
10 all of the representations contained in Section IV. 2) of this Prospectus, when it ás not
possible to substitute them, in accordance with the provisions of Section IV.1, 4) of this
Prospectas

Funhermore, and notwithstanding the representations mude in Section IV.L), UCI
warranis hal if any of the debiors should come 1o hold against UCI any credit righ, and
proceeds to exercise same Ihrough legitimate set-ofÍ ol both debts in accordance with
aticle 1198 of the Spanish Civil Code, that of UCI and i¡s own deriving from the Loan
which has been assigned to the Fund, UCI shall deposit into the Cash Account described in
Section V.3.1 af this Prospectus, an amount equal to Ihe amount so seroff lo which the
Fund would have been entiled. Notwithstanding the above, UCI represents in Secion
IV.) that it has no knowledge tha, at he timo of the assignment, any debtor is the holder
of any credit right or which setof! could be exercised,

Al amounts UCI reccives from () the debiors of the Morigage Loans subject of the
Mortgage Participatios, as principal, ordinary interest or default interest applicable to the
Joan in question and () ll amounts lo which UCI is entitled us beneficiary of the damage
insurance contras and contracts of any other 1ype which have been subscribed by the
dibtors in relation to the Mortgage Louns assigned by UCI 10 the Fund, shall be handed
ver by UCI o the Fund, thrawgh its Manage

Banks Warranties:



vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

The Bank shall warant that, in the event that UCI is declared in liquidation, temporary
reccivership, bankrupicy or creditors” proccedings in accordance with the provisions of
Law 22/2003, of July 9, on Insolvency Proceedings (hercinafer, the “Law 22/2003) it
shall hold the Fund harmless against any damages which may be derived therefore, as the
case may be, for such declaratio, including specifically those which may result from the
breach by UCI of is obligation in respect of servicing and administration of he Mortgage
Loans assigned and, specifically, t shall proceed to direcdy pay the Fund the amounts
perisiing Mhcreto for principal, inerest and indemnificaion.

"hc Bank shall not receive any fee for providing these warrantics

Non of th foregoing warranties both those of the Assignor as well us those of the Bank,
shall be construcd usa guarantee of payment upon default of he debiors.

IL16 Circulation of the Bonds, pointing out especi
“galnst the free transferabilitythercol.

Uy whether there are restrictions

The Bonds forming Uhis issue are not subject lo any restricion against Abcir free
iransferability. which transerability shall be caricd out in accordance wilh the provisions
of Section 1.4.1 of his Prospectas

1LA7 Admission to trading ol the securitis issued.

The Manager, promoter of the Fund, shall upon execution of the Deed of Incorporation and
once the pay-out of the Bonds (as described under Section ILIS.5) has been made,
immediately apply for inclusion of this Bond issue on ALAF (in accordance with article S.
item nine, of Law 19/1992, recognized as an official organized secondary securities market
by Transitional Provision Six of Law 37/1998, in reform of Law 24/1988. The said
“admission to trading on the aforesuid market shall take place wilhin a deadline not to
exceed hiry (30) days from the Pay-out Date, Notwithstanding the above, it must be made
in any case prior to the date of the first interest payment on the Bonds (September 15,
2005).

In the event that he admission to trading of he Bonds on AJAF docs not lake place within
the abowe-mentioned deadline, the Manager shall immediately report his fact 10 the
CNMV and the bondholders, as well as the causes of such breach and the new date
scheduled for admission to trading, through publication in a mationally-ciculated
mewspaper, al of which in accordance with the provisions of Section IILS 3/b)4) and e),
nd without prejudice to he possible Niabilsy of the Fund as issuer of 1he Bonds, in the
«vent ha Uhe breach is for causes atributablethereto.

The Manager expressly sttes for the record Ahat it is Familiar with th requisies and
conditions required for the admision, maintenance and exclusion of the securitic to, on
“and from this secondary market, as per cuent law in force and the requirements ol ts
goveming body. The Fund, through ts Manager, accepts that it will abide by the same.
Furhermore, the Manager shall apply, on behalf of the Fund, once the issued Bonds have
been subscribed, for inclusion of the issue in Iherclea, in order tha the clcaring and
setlement of 1he Bonds may be carried out in accordance with the rules of operation
Iberclear has established or may approve in he future with respect to securiis represented
ihrough bookentries and admitted Lo trading on ALAF.

1118 Subscription and acquisition applications.
11.18.1 Collective of potential investors to whom the securitics are being offered.

"The placement of this Securtizaion Bond issue is aimed at institutional investors,
whether legal enttics or asset pools without separate legal status, such as, as 4

2


vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

mater of illustration and without limitation, Pension Funds, Undertakings for

Collective Investment or Insurance Companies, Credit Institutions, Securities

BrokeríDealers or Emtiies authorized to manage Securities portílios hal

professionally and customarily make investments in marketable securiis.

UCI has no intention ol initial subscribing any of the Bonds to be issued.

11.18.2 Legal aptitude of the Bonds to be issued.

"The Securitizaion Bonds to be issued by the Fund, once admited o trading, have

the following legal consideration, for the purpose of being subscribed by certain

(6), in accordance with Royal Decres 2345/1996, of November $, the Bonds are
suitable for materilization of the obligatry reserves of Reciprocal Guarantee:
Companies:

(Gi), in accordance with Royal Decres 2486/1998, of November 20, as amended by
Royal Decrec 297/2004, of February 20, inter ali, the Bonds to be issued by.
the Fund may be acquired by insurance companies in compliance with their
technical provision ob

(si) in accordance with Royal Decree 304/2004, of February 20, the Bonds are
suitable for being acquired by Pension Funds:

(y) in accordance with Royal Decrec 1393/1990, of November 2, as amended by
Royal Decree 91/2001, of February 2, inasmuch as it ís not contrary to Law
35/2003, of November 4 and up until the entry into force of the regulatory
rules to be enacted by virue ol the auhorizations contained hercin, the Bonds
may be acquired by Underiakings for Collective Investment wiih the
limitations established by the specilic regulations for cach fund type. ln his
regard, the Order of May 28, 1999, partally amending the Order of June 7,
1990 in respect ol Collaboration Agrcements relating to Mutual Funds
investing in Govemument Debt (Fondlesoras) shall apply:

(4) im accordance with the Order of December 29, 1992, as amended by Uhe Order
of April 13, 2000 and by the Order ol January $, 2003, inter alía in respect of
equity and supervision on a consolidated basis of securiies brokers/dealers and
tlcir groups, the Bonds shall have the weighting which pertins to he sets
having the greatest weighting which may form par of the Fund;

(vi In accordance with the Order of December 29, 1992, as amended by the Order
of April 13, 2000 and by the Order ol January $, 2003, inter ali, in respect of
equity and supervision on a consolidated basis of securiis broker/dealers and
thcir groups, the Bonds shall have the SOS weighting rue with regards £o the
solvency cocfficient hat said entiics must maintain provided that ts credit
quality is, at last, equal to the one of the underlying Mortgage Loans

118.3 Subscription Period.

"The Subscription Period (hercinaftr, the “Subscription Period”) for the Bonds

shall last cight (8) hours. between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 pam. of the Business Day

following the date of publication of he legal notice of the incorporation of the Fund

“and the Bona issue, in the manner provided by Section IILS, b), b”) and c) of this

Prospectas.

"The Subscription Period shall take place on May 25, 2005.



vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

11.18: Where and before whom subscription or acquís

ion may be processed.

Applications for subscription of the Domestic Tranche described in Section 119, in
order o be considered, must be made through any means admited by Law, during
the Subscription Period established under Section IL183, supra, and addressed to
he Domestic Tranch Undervritrs, which ar the Bank, au: Treasury Department.
located at Avda. de Cantabria s/n, 28660-Boadilla del Monte (Madrid), BNP
Paribas, Sucursal en Espuña (hercinafer, “BNP Paribas”), located at Ribera del
Loira, 28042, Madrid and Banco Sabadell S.A. (hercinafter, “Banco Sabadell”)
located at Plaza Catalunya, 1, Sabadell (Barcelona). Hercinater, the Bank, BNP
Paribas and Banco Sabadell shall be referred to as “Domestic Tranche
Underwriters”.

Applications for subscription of the International Tranche also described under
Section ILA9, infra, shall be made in accordance with the provisions of the said
Section, addressed o the International Tranche Underwriers, which are the Bank,
at: Treasury Department, as above, BNP Paribas, located at 10 Harewood Avenue,
London NWI 6AA and Dexia Banque Belgique, S.A (hereinafier, “Dexia”) located
at Boulevard Pacheco, 44, 1000 Bruxelles. Hereinafier, the Bank, BNP Paribas and
Dexia shall be referred to as “International Tranche Underwriters” and
collectively with the Domestic Tranche Underwrites, the “Underwriters.

Lach one of he Underwritrs, in its relevant tranche, shall subscribe the amount of
Bonds which remains pending upon completion of the Subscription Period, by
vintue of lis commitment described under Sections ILI93 and VA4.1 of the
Prospectus.

118.5 Form and Date ol Pay-Out.

118.6 Form and deadline for del

Investors to whom Bonds have been allocated must pay to he Domestic Tranche
“and International Tranche placement Underwrites, on the Business Day following
le closing date of the Subscription Period (hercinaftr, the “Pay-out Date”), prior
o 1:00 p.m. (Madrid time) for value that same day, he issue price (100% of the
ace value thereof) applicable foreach Bond so allocated

Each Underwnite shall pay ts respective underwritten amount to the Bank, ess the
applicable underwriting fcc. The Bank, in ts capacity as Agent Bank, shall pay 10
e Fund, on the same day, the amount received from the other Underwriters plas
be amount oFits own underwiting commitment, prior to 3:00 pam. (Madrid imc),
lor value that same day, after deducting the applicable underwriing fee, in
accordance wih the provisions of the Issue Underwriti

Placement Agreement (as defined herein below).

"The Pay-out Date shall be June 2,2005.

very to subscribers of copies ol the subscription
receipts or provisional receipts.

Each Underwriter ihrough which subscribers have subscribed Bonds of the
applicable tranche, shall deliver therto, within a period not to exceed five (5) days
from the Pay-out Dat, a document accrediing the title to the Bonds so subscribed
(vithout prejudice to the tie 10 the Bonds being aceredited through the pertinent
emry with the entity enrusted with carrying the Accounting Records of the Bonds,
represented through he book-enty system). The said accreditation document is not
eligible for trading. shall reflet only the initial subscription of Bonds and lis



vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

maximum period ol validiy is the record date of the Bonds so subscribed wi the
entity entrusted wib the Accounting Records of the Bonds.
1119 Placement and allocation of the securitics.

"Th placement of the Bond issue will be divided ino two Tranches:

() Domestic Tranche: to place Euros three hundred million (EUR 300.000.000),
equivalent to three thousand (2,700) Class A Bonds, representing, approximately
34,59% of th total face value thercof.

(ió) International Tranche: to place Euros six hundred million (EUR 600.000.000),
equivalent o six thousand (6.000) Bonds, formed by:

+ Euros five hundred sixty-seven million two hundred thousand (EUR 567.200.000),
equivalent to five thousand six hundred seventy-two (5.672) Class A Bonds
(representing approximately 65.41% o the total face value thereof)

+ Euros nine millon (EUR 9,000.0000), equivalent to nine thousand (9.000) Class E.
Bonds (representing 100% of the total ace value thereol)

+ Euros twenty-hres million cight hundred thousand (EUR 23,800,000), equivalent
to two hundred thirty-cight- (238) Class C Bonds (representing 100% of the total
ace value thercof)

The placement procedure, for both the Domestic Tranche and the International Tranche,

shall be the following:

Once the Subscription Period has hen opened, in the manner provided by Section IL18.3

of the Prospectus, requests shall be addressed to (he Bank, BNP Paribas and Banco

Sabadell n the ase of the Domestic Tranche) orto the Bank, to BNP Paribas and to Dexia

(íor the International Tranche), who shall proceed with th Tree allocation of the Bonds,

procuring in any case that no discriminatory treatment takes place between requests having

Similar characteristics in ime, and undertaking to subscribe the amount of Bonds necessary

in order to complete the figures which tbcir respective underwriing commitments ent, as

described under Section 119.1, inf.

No redistribution ol the initial Bond volume assigned for placement in cach one of the

iranches is contemplated, citber before the end of the Subscription Period or at any other

ma

Entitcs intervening in the placement or marketing, mentioning their difTerent
asks, with a specific description thercol. Aggregate amount of fees agreed to
between the various placement entities and the Manager.

"The placement of the Domestic Tranche, as described under Section IL184 of the
Prospectus, hall be carried out by the following Underwriting Entities, and for the
“amount stated herebelow.

30


vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

EUR
Undermriter Class A Class E Class O
«Banco Santander Central —— 140.000.000

Hispano
-BNP Paribas. 140.000.000
«Banco Sabadell 20.000.000

Total 30,000,000

"The Placement of 1be International Tranche shall be curied ou! by the following
Underwriting Enttics and in the following amounts

EUR
Undermriter Class A Class Class E
«Banco Santander Central — 273.600.000 4500.00 11900000

Hispano
BNP Paribas. ATI 450000 11,900.00
«Dexia Bank 20.000.000
Totals: 567,200.00 — 9,000,000 23,500,000
“The Underwriting Entitics shall reccive as underwriting fee 0.0419 of the face

“amount underwritien Uhereby for the Class A Bonds and 0.08% of the face amount
underwriten hereby for the Class E and Class C Bonds, as specified n the Issue
Lead Manager, Underwriting and Placement Agreements described in Sections
11193 and Va. of this Prospecta.

119.2 Issue Lead Managers.

"The Bank and BNP Paribas shall also intervene in the issue as Lead Managers, and
vil mot reccive any fee for his concept. Reproduced herebelow are declarations
signed by persons holding suflicien representation, containing the following
reprosenations

*1, [a]. for and on behalf of Banco Santander Central Hispano, SA., as Lead
Manager of the issue, having is registered ofices in Santander, at Paseo de
Pereda, no. 9 and 12, duly empowered for such purpose, and in relation 10 the
establishment of FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN HIPOTECARIA, UCI 12, for an
“amount of Euros nine hundred million (EUR 900.000.000), in compliance with
article 20 of Royal Decree 291/1992, of march 27, on issues and public oferings of
securities as amended by Royal Decre 2590/1998, of December 7, hereby

Deciare

That the necessary verífications for contrasting the veracity and completeness of.
he information in the Prospectus have been carried ox

That, as a consequence of such verifications, no circumstances are observed which
«ontradict or alter the information stated in the Prospectus, nor does the later omit
amy significan facts or data which may be material to 1he investor.

And for the record and the appropriate pusposes, hereby issue this document in
Madrid, this 24* day of May, 2005."

a


vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

"We, Ramiro Mato Ansorena and Carlos Gardeazábal Ort for and on behalf of.
BNP Paribas, S.A. as Lead Manager of the isue, having is registered ofices in
[9], duly empowered for such purpose, and in relation to the establishment of
FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN HIPOTECARIA, UCI 12, for an amount of Euros
nine hundred million (EUR 900.000.000), in compliance with article 20 of Royal
Decree 291/1992, of march 27, on issues and public oflerings of securiie, as
“amended by Royal Decree 2590/1998, of December 7, hereby

Deciare

That the necessary verification for contrasting the veracity and completeness of.
he information in the Prospectus have been carried ou

That, as a consequence of such verifications, no circumstances are observed which
«ontradict or alter the information stated in the Prospectus, nor does the later omit
amy significan facts or data which may be material to 1he investor.

And for the record and the appropriate pusposes, hereby issue this document in
Madrid, this 24" day of May, 2005."

"he letters from the Lead Managers are attached to this Prospectus as Schedule V,
119.3 Underwri

"The Manager shall enter ino, for the account of the Fund, a Lead Manager,
Placement and Underwriting Agreement in respect of the Domestic Tranche with
ile Domestic Tranche Underariters (hercinaie, the “Domestic Tranche Lead
Manager, Underwriting and Placement Agreement”) and an Underwriting and
Placement Agreement in respect ol the Intemational Tranche with the Underwriters
of the Imemational Tranche (hercinaler, the “International Tranche
Underwriting and Placement Agreement” and, together with the Domestic
*Tranche Lead Manager, Underwrióng und Placement Agreement, the “Issue Lead
Manager, Underwriting and Placement Agreement”) whereby the said enttis,
“and wilhin their respective tranches, shall proceed with the free allcation of the
Bonds, in the amounts contemplated for cach one in Section I.I9.L of this
Prospectus, and once the Subscription Period has closed, to subscribe those Bonds
which have not been so subscribed,

"The Underwriters assume the obligations contained in the Issue Lead Manager,
Underuriting and Placement Agreements, and which shall basicaly be the
following: 1) joint subscription commitment in respect of Bonds which have not
been subscribed, once the Subscription Period has closed, up to the amounts 50
established; 2) payment, by the Underwites o Uhe Bank in its capacity as Agent
Bank, prior 1o 2:00 pan. on the Business Day following the closing date ol the
Subscription period, or value hat same day, of the face amount underwritten by
lem, less the portion ol the undervriting fee accrued in favor of each one, by
virtuc of the Issue Lead Manager, Underwriting and Placement Agreements to be
executed between them; and 3) Uhcreuflr, he said Agent Bank o proceed to pay to
he Fund. prior to 3:00 pam. on the above-mentioned day. the amounis received
rom the other Underwrites plus the amount of their underwriting commitment,
less hir undervriting fe.

ol Issue,

"The sole cause for termination of the Issue Lead Manager, Underwriting and
Placement Agreements is Ihe event that thc Rating Agency SP España docs not

»


vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

confirm, prior to the star of he Bond Subscription Period, the AAA rating on the
Class A Bonds, the A. rating on the Class B Bonds and the BBB rating on the
Clas C Bonds, as the rating scales of SEP Rating Service.

11.19. Placement Prorating.
Not applicable,

1120 Deadline and manner provided for delivery to subscribers ol Uhe Bonds or defin
Certificates o the Bonds.

"he Bonds, secuitics represented through th book-entry system, shall be established as

such by vintue of Weir registration in the accounting records of Iberclea, in the terms
established under Section LS. supra.
Cenifictes of legtimacy of ownership may be issued at the request and exclusive expense.
of a Bondholder, and shall include, apart from the identity of he holder, the purpose and
the effective period thicrco!. The provisions of Tie 1, Chapter 1, Section Four of Royal
Deeree 116/1992 shall be applicable for his purpose.

1121 National legislation under which the securitics are created and.
Competent Courts in case ol litigation.

"his issue is backed by Spanish law in accordance with he provisions of) Law 19/1992,
di), Spanish Securities Market Act, () Royal Decree 291/1992, of March 27, in respect
of Issues and Public Olferings of Securitic, as amended by Royal Decrec 2590/1998, of
December, and the Order of July 12, 1993 implementing same, (iv) Circular 2/1994, and
(6) Circular 2/1999,

The International Tranche Underwriling and Placement Agreement shall be subject 10
English law.

tion of the

All matters and disputes which may avise betwucen the Fund, in its capacity as issue of the

Bonds and the Bondholders, shall be resolved by Spanish Court

1 in case of non-payment ol the Bonds issued against the Fun

1. The Bondholders shall not be entiled to a direct action against the debiors of the
Mortgage Loans who have bresched their payment obligations. The Manager, as
representative ol the Fund, shall be entiled to such action.

2. The Bondholders sball not be entitled to an action against the Fund or against the
Manager, in case of non-payment of the Bonds which is a consequence ol the non-
payment of a Mortgage Loan on the part of Uhe applicable assigned debo.

3. The Bondholders shall not be enttld to any action against the Manager olher han as
rising out of he breach of ts own obligations and, therefore, never as a consequence ol
the existence of defaul or prepayments of the Mortgage Participation.

"he Deed of Incorporation shall be govemed and construed in accordance with Spanish
law

1122 Personal taxation ol income de

ing from the Bonds.

“he following represents a brief except of the tax scheme applicable 1o 1he investments
arising out ol ts offering. For this purpose, only State law currently in force and the
general aspects which may affect the investas ae taken into consideraion. Investors must
consider both Uhcir possible special tax circumstances, as well as the rules of limited
territorial applicaion and those of current law in force al the time the pertnent income ás
obtained and declared.

»


vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

Furhermore, it is hereby stated for the record that, notwithstanding he fact that this Bond
issue, as stated under Section ILIS.1 of his Prospectus, is aimed at institutional investors,
this section covers noL only the tax scheme applicable to such investors, but also that which
would apply o natural persons who could eventual become Bondholders.

Th ta treatment described herein is oa general nature. Therefore, texaion applicable to
income obtained ihrough entities under the scheme of atribution ol income has not been
included, nor has the scheme applicable to all categories ol investors, some of whom may
be subject to special mus.

122,

Natural persons or legal entitis resident in Spain.

a) Individual Income Tax (“Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas
IRPF.

Income obtained by Bondholders holding the status of taxpayers required to pay
Individual Income Tax (“Impuesto sobre la renta de las personas físicas”; “IRPF?
bolh for the concept of interest, us well as on the occasion of the transfer,
redemption or amortizaion thercol, shall be deemed to be pussive income obtained
on the assignment to third parties of owned funds in the temas of article 232 of
Royal Legislativo Decree 3/2004, of March 5. approving the Individual Income Tax
Act, as amended (hereinalcr, “Royal Legisiative Decrce 3/2004")

ln is regard, in the case ol income deriving from the receipt of coupons on the
Bonds. the full return shall be determined by Uhe gross amount of interest received,
including inecim IRPF withholding which, a the case may be, has been performed.

ln the case of transfer, redemption or amortization of he Bonds, the following shall
be compuled us passive income: the difference between Ihe transfer, redemption or
“amortiation value (less any expenses ancillay lo the disposal, provided that they
are duly justified) and the acquisition or subscription value thereof (plus any
expenses ancillary to he acquisition, provided hat lhey are dul justifid),

Notwithstnading, any losses arsing out of the transfer of the Bonds, which the
taxpayer has acquired other equivalent financial asscis wilhin two months
preceding or subsequent to such transfers, shall form part of he taxable basis ol the
ax 10 the extent Lo which hb financial assts which remain in Uh financial estate ol
le taxpayer are transfered.

"he net pussive income shall be determined by deducting from the total income any
expenses for administration and custody of he Bonds, provided that such expenses
do not represent consideration for discetionary, individualized management of the
investment portfolio.

Net income deriving from the transfer, redemption or amortizaion ol Bonds which
have remained in the investor's financial estte for a period exceeding two years
shall be reduced by 40%.

Passive income arising out of the assigament to Ihird parties of owned funds ás
subject, in general, to wihholding at the rate ol 15%, Notwithstanding the above,
in accordance with the provisions of article 73.3 £) of Royal Decree 1775/2004, of
July 30, approving the Individual Income Tax Regulations (hercinafler, “Royal
Deeree 1775/2004"), no obligation o wilhhold exists in respect of income arising
¡0 of he transfer or redempiion ol specilied-yicld financial usscts which meet the
following requisites (asis forescen for this issue)

a)


vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

1. That they sal be represented by the book-entry system.

2. That they shall be traded on a Spanish official secondary securitics
market
Notwithstanding the above, the following shall be subject to wilhholding (atu rate
of 15%): the portion ol the price pertaining o interest acerued when the transer of
the Bonds takes place during the thiry days immediately precoding the payment ol
th said coupon, and provided tha:
1. The transferee is a person or entity not resident in Spanish erritory or
is a taxpayer obligee wih regard to Corporate Income Tax.

"he transfece is not subject to withholding for the explicit returns om.
the Bonds transfer.

b) Corporate Income Tax (“Impuesto sobre Sociedades”; “15”)

Income on the Bonds obtained by entities considered to be 1
regard to Corporate Income Tax (“Impuesto sobre Sociedades”: “1S”), both for the
concept ol interest as well us on the occasion OÍ the transfer, redemplion or
“amortization thereof. hall form par ol the taxable basis of Corporate Income Tax
in the manner contemplated by Tide IV of Royal Legislaive Decree 4/2004, ol
March 5, approving the Corporate Income Tax Aci, as amended (hercinaltr,
“Royal Legislativo Decree 4/2004").
Generally speaking, such income is subject to wilhholding for the account of the
Corporate Income Tax of its recipient, Notwilhstanding the above, in accordance
with the provisions of article 59 q) of Royal Decree 1777/2004, of July 30,
approving the Corporate Income Tax Regulations (hercinafer, “Royal Decree
ITTI/2004”), no obligation exis to perform wilhholding on income obtained by
taxpayers of such tax on financial assts, provided that the following requistes are
met (asis forescen for this issue):

1 That they shall be represented by the bookentry system.

2. Tha hey shall be traded on a Spanish official secondary securitics market

In this respect, in accordance with ihe Order of December 22, 1999, the

procedure for making effective the exclusion from withholding or inter

deposit contemplated in article 59.9) of the Royal Decree 1777/2004, with

respect 1o interest paid o taxpayer obligees o the aforesaid tx, shall be Subject

bligees wit

for and on behalf of the Fund, as issue, shall pay to the
custodian ent, rough the Agent Bank, the net amount resulting from the
applicaion of the general withholding rate in force on the said date, o the
¡ota interest.

2. Prior to th 10" day of he month following the month ol matarty of cach
«oupon, the custodian ens shall presen o the Manager or he Agent Bank
A detailed list of 1h holders who are taxpayer obligces ol he Tax together
vit tbcir idemfiation daa. ISIN code ol th sccuriis, the number ol
secure of which they are holders as a (he maturiy date o cach coupon,
the applicable grosssetums and the amount withhcld

3. The Bondholders shall accredit thcir status as taxpayer obliges of the
Corporate Income Tax to the custodian entiics prior lo the tenth day of the

35


vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

month following the month of maturiyy of the coupon, in order that the
ustadian eniics may prepare th list indicated in h preceding section.

4. The Manager, as soon as it reccives the said list, shall immediately pay.
through the Agent Bank, to the custodian banks the amount withheld in
excess lo the sad taspayer obligees ol Corporate Income Tax.

5. The custodian enttics shall immediately pay the amount withheld to the

holders who are taxpayer obligees of Corporate Income Tax that have
accredited such status.

11.222 Natural persons or legal entities not resident in Spain.

Income obtained by Bondholders holding the status ol taxpayers obligated to
pay Non-Resident Income Tax (“Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes”)
both for the concept of interest, as well as on the occasion of the transfer,
redemption or amortizaion therco!, hall be decmed to be income obtained in
Spain, with or without a permanent establishment, in the terms ol article 13 of
Royal Legislative Decrec 5/2004, approving the Non Resident Income Tax Act,
as amended (hercinfter, “Royal Legislative Decree 5/20047)

3) Income obtained through a permanent establishment.

Income on the Bonds obtained by means of a permanent establishment in Spain
shall be taxed pursuant to he rules of Chapicr HI of the aforementioned Royal
Legislativo Decree S/2004, without prejudice to the provisions of any
Comventions executed by Spain for the purposes of avoiding double taxation,
vhich may determine the non-payment of the relevant taxes. The said income
shall be exempt from withholding for the account of Non-Resident Income Tax.
in the terms indicated above for taxpayer obligces of Corporate Income Tax.

Consequently. there is no obligaion to wilkhkold on income deriving from
Financial asses they obtain, provided tha, as is contemplated in this issue, the
Financial assets are represented through book-entries and traded on a Spanish
secondary official securitis market
"The procedure for applying the exclusion from wilhholding on interest from this
type of Financial asset is established in the Order dated December 22, 1999 of
the Ministry of Economy and Finance.

b) Income obtained without mediation of permanent establishment.

Income on the Bonds obtained by persons or entitics not resident in Spain hat

aci, for this purpose, without a permanent establishment in Spanish territory,

shall be taxed in accordance with lhe rules of Chapter IV of the above.
mentioned Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004. "The following aspects of such
scheme are worthy of emphasis, notwilhstanding the provisions of Treates for
th Avoidance of Double Taxation signed by Spain being able to determine the

únon-taxation of he pertnent income or, as the case may be, the application ol

reduced ta rats:

+ The taxable basis shall be quantficd al the total amount of he income
obtained, calculated in accordance with the rules ol Royal Legislaive
Deerce 3/2004, without the reductions of Uhe said Royal Decree being.
applicable for such purpos:.

+ Incase of transfer, redemption or amortization of the Bonds, the following
shall be taken into consideration for calculating the income: expenses

36


vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

ancillry 10 the acquisition and disposal, inasmuch as they are adequately
justified. Taxation shall be performed separately for each total or partial
acerual ol income subject to taxaion, without it being possible o perform
ny netling betwcen the same.

+ Income obtained on bolh 1h payment ol the coupon as well as on the
transfer, amortiztion or redemption of the Bonds by persons or enttics
mot resident in Spain that act, for this purpose, wilhout a permanent
establishment in Spanish teriory shall be exempl when the recipien s a
resident of another European Union member Stat, that is, permanent
establishment of such residents located in anouher European Union.
member State, provided that the pertinent certificate of residency issued!
by the tax authorities ol the investor's country al residence is submitted

+ Likewise, income deriving from Ihe transfer of securitics carried out on
any of he Spanish official secondary securitics markets (asis forescen for
this issue) obtained by natural persons or non-resident ent, without
¡he mediation of a permanent establishment in Spanish lerritory. who are
residents in a State which has signed with Spain a Treaty for the
Avoidance of Double Taxation containing an exchange of information.
elauso, shall be exempt. For such purpose, the pertinen certificate of tax.
residency or equivalent document established by the applicable Treaty or
rule of implementation, isued by the tax authorities of the country in
VWbich the investor mainisins tax residency, shall be submitted.

+ In no case shall the exemptions described in ihe two (2) foregoing
paragraphs apply when the income is obtained Ibrough Countries or
territories classified by regulacion us tax havens.

+ The tax shall be calculated by applying to the taxable basís calculated

pursuant to the rules above the rato ol 15%, unless a lower rate or am
exemption is applicable by vintue of the provisions of an internal rule or
Treaty for the Avoidance of Double Taxation signed by Spain. When by
virtue of the residency ol the investor an internal exemplion or a Treaty
for the Avoidance of Double Taxation signed by Spain applies, the
exemption or as the case may be, the reduced tax rate provided by the
bove-mentioned Treaty fr his type ol income shall be applica, provided.
that cemtficate of tax residency (which shall expressly establish tha th
imvestor is a resident, for tax purposes, in he relevent county, as defined
in the Convention for avoiding the Double Taxation, as applicable) or
equivalent document established by the applicable Treaty or rule of
implementation is submitted, in he terms indicated above,

"he above-mentioned cetficae shall be issued by the tax auhoritics of
the county of residence of he investor, pursuant to Spanish laws, and its
term of validity shall be one (1) year from the date ol issuance thercol,

Non-resident Bondholders may have income obtained subject to withholding for

he account af Non-Resident Income Tax, in accordance with the following

rules:

+ The payment ol interest on the Bonds shall be subject o withholding for
¡he account of Non-Resident Income Tax, except in the cases in which th
payment of the Tax or eligibliy for the exemption is accredited

E)


vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO

+ The amount of the withholding shall be, generally speaking,
equivalent to the tax payable pursuamt 10 Ahe ahove criteria, th general

vilhholding rate being 156%.

+ Nevenhcles, pursuant 1o the provisions of article 10.35) of the Royal
Decree 1776/2004, of July 30, whercby the Non-Residents Income Tax

e 73.3.) of he Roy
Decree 1775/2004, no obligation to withhold exists in respect of income
arising out Of the transfer or redemption of the Bonds, since Ahey are
represented by he book-entry system and are traded on a Spanish official
secondary securiies market, except for the part ol the price equivalent to
he coupon acerued on transfers made within the Ihiry days immediately
¡sferee s a person or
gee of Corporate
Income Tax, and (i)_ this income is excepted from the obligation to
vwilbhold for the transferee, The above is notwilbstanding the joint and
several ability which the custodian or manager may incur and the
gations regarding declaring and paying the possible Tax of the non-

Regulations are approved, and the provisions of

preceding the matuity of the coupon when () Ile ri
entity not resident in Spanish teritory, or taxpayer obli

bl
resident Bondholder.

+ In cases of the intervention in the procedure for paying interest on the
Bonds of financial institutions domiciled, resident or represented in Spain
at are custodians or manage be collection of income on Ihe said
securities, the procedure for making ihc carping out ol wilhholding
effective al the rate applicable in cach case, or Ihe exclusion from
vwilhholding, shall be caried out as 1O lhe interest pursuant Lo the
procedure established by (he Minisuy of Economy and Finance in lts

Order dated April 13, 2000, which s described herebclow:
1. The Manager, fo

date, to the custodi

date, to the total interest

2. The custodians shall present to the Agent Bank or the Manager,
of the month following the month ol

4 list of the Bondholders not

resident in Spanish territory, without mediation of permanent
establishment, together with, inter ala, hc data relating to the
Class and maturty date, the ISIN code of the securitis, the
identification of the Bondholders and residency Ihercol. the
Number of securiics of which it is holder as a the coupon.
maturity date, the relevant gross income and the vilhholding to

prior to 1h tenh day
maturity of the coupon, a deta

e carried out
3. The nonresident Bondholders shal

cenilficate of residency issued by Ihe tax author

ES

und on behalf of he Fund, shall transfer, cther
direcly or rough the Agent Bank, on cach interest maturity

entitis, the nel amount which results from
application of the general wilhholding rat in effect on the said

in tum, accredil to the
custodians Abeir tax residency through presentation of a

> ol the
coumry of residence, having lo expressly state, when the
exclusion from withholding or (he wilhholding is caried out ata
reduced rate by application of a Treaty, that Uhe investor is 4
resident in the sense defined by th said Treaty, and bearing in
mind, furthermore, that the said cetíficate is valid for one (1)


vera

Prospectus May 2005

TER: DEORATONFELATAS O SECUAES ISLE AGAN IFE MORTGAGE SECUATIATONFNO ]

11223 Wealth Tax (“Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio

year from issuance. — Notwilbstanding the above, when
vwilbholding is carried out by applying a taxation limi
Established in a Treaty implemented through am Order
establihing the use of a specific form, 1his Status shall be
Justified wih such form in iu of he certificate.

4. The Manager, for and on behalf of the Fund, as soon as il
eccives the list refcrred to ún Uhe preceding paragraph. shall
immediately transfer, cther directly or through the Agent Bank,
10 the custodian enttics, the amount withheld from investors
entiled to apply the exclusion from withbolding or the amount
vilbhcld in excess ol the taxaion limits established in the Treaty
which is applicable with respect lo investors entitled o benefit
therctrom.

5. "The custodians, in tun, shall immediately pay, for the account ol
the Manager, for and on behalf of the Fund, the amount withheld
or, as he case may be, the excess wilhholding, to the non-
resident investors.

In the event of not being able o accredil, for this purpose, 4 tax reidency.
ib income obtained an the Bonds for interes as well as on the occasion ol
he transfer, repayment or redemption thereol, by nonresident
Bondholders shall be subject Lo taxution at the general rate indicated
above, although they may request u refund of any excess withholding Or
taxation through the procedure and the lax return contemplated in the
Ministerial Order of December 23, 2003.

a).

Natural persons subject to this tax by personal obligation who are required o file a
tur for his tax and are holders of Bonds as at December 31 of each year, must
include them in the Wealth Tax, for which they will be taxed in accordance with
general rules. For this purpose, the Bonds shall be computed by their average
trading value of the fourth quarter o cach year which is published anmually for such
purpose by the Ministry of Finance.

Non-resident natural persons who are Bondholders us at December 31 on cach year
shall be taxpayer obligees of 1he Wealh Tax by obligation inerem shall also be
subject Uhereto, notwithstanding the provisions of Treatis for the Avoidance of
Double Taxation signed by Spain. Notwithstanding the above, residents of other

xopean Union countries shall be exempt with regard to Bonds whose income is
exemptftom Non-Resident Income Tax, in the terms set forth above,

11.224 Inheritance/Gif Tax (“Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones”; “ISD”).

"The mortis causa transfer af Bonds or gil in favor of natural persons is subject to
le general rules ol Inberitance/GiN Tax, without prejudice lo the provisions ol
Treatics for the Avoidance of Double Taxation signed by Spain. For cases in which
be beneficiry is legal entity, he income obtained by the said beneficiary shall be
taxed in accordance with the rules of Comorate Income Tax or Non-Resident
Income Tax, as the case may be, without prejudice in this last cicumstance 10 the
provisions ol applicable Treatis for he Avoidance of Double Taxaton.

11.225 Indirect taxation on the Bonds.


vera Prospectus May 2005
[ CHAPTER: INFORMATION RELATIN TO SECURMESISSUEO AGAINST TE MORTGAGE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

"The issuance, subscriptio, acquisition and transfer of the Bonds shall be exempl
from Transfer Tax/Stamp Duty (aricle 45.LB. number 15 of the Royal Decree
1/1993, of September 24, whereby the amended text of the Transfer TaSiamp
Duty, hercinafer he “Royal Decree 1/1993”, is approved) and from Value Added
"Tax (article 20.0e.18 of the 37/1992 Act, of December 28, on Value Added Tax,
hercinafte, the "27/1992 Act.

1123 Purpose of operation.
1123.1 Assigned use of net Issue proceeds.

"The net procceds from the Bond issue are assigned in full to the payment of the
price for the acquisition ol the Mortgage Paticipations pooled into the Fund! asset
base,

1124 Secondary trading.
Not applicable.

1125 Natural persons or legal entitics that have materislly participated in the design or
advice on the establishment of the Fund, or in any of the significant information
contained in the Prospectus.

125.1 Enumeration.

4) The financial design of the issue has been carried out by Santander de
Titulización, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tiulización, SA., in collaboration
vih UCI

b) The legal design of the issue has been carried out by Santander de Tiulización,
Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tiulización, S.A. and by Squre, Sanders 4
Dempsey as independent legal counsel

e) The Bank, BNP Paribas and Banco Sabadell are intervening us Underwrters ol
the placement of the Bonds in the Domestic Tranche.

d) The Bank , BNP Paribas and Dexia are intervening as Underwriters of the
placement of the Bonds in the International Tranche,

€) The Bank and BNP Paribas are also acting as Lead Managers of the issue

1) The Banks also acting as Agent Bank.

11252 Declaration of party responsible for the Prospectus on behalf of the Manager.

1, laxacio OrreGa Garara, for and on behalf of SaytaNoen DE Trrurización,

SOCIEDAD GESTORA DE FONDOS DE TrULIZacióN (SGT), SA, having ió

registered offices at Ciudad Grupo Santander, Avda. de Cantabria, </, Boadilla
del Monte (Madrid) in relation to he establishment of FONDO DE

TITULIZACIÓN HIPOTECARIA, UCI 12, in the amownt of Euros nine hundred

million (EUR 900.000.000) and in compliance with he provisions of section 11252

of CNMV Circular 294 approving the standard form Prospectus for the
establishment of Mortgage Securitization Funds fín implementation o the Order of

July 12, 1993, implementing, in tun, Royal Decrec 291/92, of March 27), hereby

Deciare

That 100% of he share capital of UNIÓN DE CRÉDITOS INMOBILIARIOS, SA
ESTABLECIMIENTO FINANCIERO DE CRÉDITO, originator of the Mortgage.
Loans underbvng the Mortgage Paricipatins, belongs to UCI, SA,, which
BNP Paribas Group.

0


vera Prospectus May 2005
[ OXAPTER E: INFORMATION RELATI TO SECURIES ISSUE AOANST THE MORTOAOE SECURTIZATION FUND ]

nd that no other pe of relationship or economie interests of he experts s cited
in Section 1125. who have participated in the design or advice on the
del or wish he isuer he Mortgage Participatons, UNIÓN DE CRÉDITOS
INMOBILIARIOS, S.A, ESTABLECIMIENTO FINANCIERO DE CRÉDITO,

1125. Declaration ol the Assignor
“l, Puros JacouEs LarortE, for and on behalf of UnióN DE Cazorros
Icomos, SA. ESTABLECIMIENTO. FIANCIERO DE CkEDIrO, SocIDaD
Uurersoxat (UCD, having ía registered offices in Madrid, ar calle Retama, 3.
having suficient powers and, in relaion to the establitment of FONDO DE
TITULIZACIÓN HIPOTECARIA, UCI 12, ín the amount of Euros nine Iundred.
millon (EUR 900.000.000), in compliance vih arce 20 of Royal Decree
291/1992, of March 27, on tsues and public ofrings for the sale of secure, as
amended by Royal Decree 2590/1998, of December 7.

Decime

1) That the representations with respect to the Mortgage Loans and Mortgage
Participaions at under Section a) of hs Prospectus, are true.
2) Tha the above represetaons shall be guaranteed to the Manager, on behalfof
¿he Fund, in the Deed o Incorporation oh Fund.
3) That the necessary verificaons for conrastng the veraciy and completenes of
Ze information contained in the Prospectus with regard to the selected Mortgage
Loans porfli to be assigned in the majority o the Fund have been carried ou
which conpadic or alter the information stated in the Prospeca, nor docs Me
Zattr omit any significant facts or data sehich may be material o the inventor
nd for the record and the appropriate purposes he above declaration is made in
Madrid, his 24 dy of May, 2005."
The Assigno's lee, together wilh the abovesmentioned. representatons, ds
tached to this Prospectas as SCHEDULE VI.

a


vera Prospectus May 2005

CHAPTER In

GENERAL INFORMATION CONCERMING THE MORTGAGE SECURITIZATION FUND.

HILA Legal antecedents and purpose of the Fund.

Foxo pr Trrunización Hiroticaria UCI 12 is regulated by () the Deed ol
Incorporation of the Fund, () Law 19/1992 (i) the Spanish Securities Market Act, as
applicable; (iv) his Prospectus and (v) other legal and regulatory provisions in force
from time to time as applicable Ihereto.

"The Fund shall have separate asets and iabiliis,lacking separate legal status. shall
be closed.

"The Fund will be established for the purpose of serving as a vehicle for pooling the
Mortgage Loans and issuing the three Classes Bonds as a charge aguins it Ihrough a
process of financial transformation and credil enhancement rising out of the various
ssset, labily and hedging transaction arranged for the account of the Fund.

In case of insolvency proccedings of the Assignor, the provisions of Law 22/2003, of
July 9, in respect of Insolvency Proceedings (hereinafter, “Law 22/2003") Shall apply.
all in accordance with the provisions of Additional Provision Five of Law 3/1993, ol
April 14, adapting Spanish legislation on credit institutions to the Second Banking
Directive and introducing other amendments relsting to the financial system, as per it
vwording given by Law 44/2002,

HIL2 Full name of Fund.
"he issuer of he Bond shall be named FONDO DE TIrvLIZACIÓN HIPOTECARIA UCI 12.

HIL3 Servicing and representation of the Fund and the holders of securities issued!
tnereagainst.

HIL3.1 Duties and abi

assumed by the Manager.

The administration and legal representation of the Fund shall be vested in
¡Santander de Tiulización, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Titulización, SA., the
Fund's promoter. — The Manager is aulhorized to establish Mo
Securiizaion Funds and, consequemtly, to carry the administraion and
representation lhereol in accordance wiih the provisions of Article 6 of Law
19/1992, by virtue of an suthorizaion of ho Ministry of Economy and Finance
dated December 10, 1992, and it is registered in the special registry ol Montgage.
Securiization Fund Managers open for such purpose by Ihe CNMV under
number

"The Manager warrants that the contents of his Prospects will no! contradict the
Dee ol Incorporation and tha he later shall coincide wit hc draft decd which
has been submitted to the CNMV.

"The Manager, in its capacity as a manager of third-party business, shall be
responsible for Ihe representation and defense of the interests of the holders of
Bonds issued against he Fund! asscts

2


ver

Prospectus May 2005

TE ESE ECN TON CONCE E MOTA SECIATATON FDO

The Bondholders shall not be entiled to any action against the Manager except
for breach of is duties or non-observance of the provisions of the Fund's Deed
o Incorporaton.

"he Manager, in its tasks regarding administration of the Fund, ball carry out, as
a matero! illustration, the following actions:

(o itstall open in the Fund's name a Financial account (hercinalr, the “Cast
Account”) iniially with the Bank, as long as the Bank's shorcierm rating
os not fall from A-1 (as per the scale of SEP Rating Service detled in
Section IL3 of this Prospectus). The shorccm rating wbich the Rating
Agency has asigned to the Bank al hc present úme is A-1

In the event that the Banks shortterm debt should undergo, during the life
fe isue, a decline in its rating. ranking below A-L (as per the rating scale
of SEP Rating Service), the Manager shall transfer the Fund's Cash account
to a bank whose shortzerm debt possesses a minimum rating of A-L, and
shall contact he highest yield possible for he balance (hercol. which may
be different from the one contracied with the Bank, wiihin a maximum
period of hiry (30) Business Days from the time such situation takes place
Consequently the Bank will ccase to cary out the einvestment al he lime.
in wbich the funds of the Cash Account are transerred lo the now bank.
Such account may subsequenty be transerred back to the Bank when is
shorttcrm debt once again achieves a rating of A-L, as per the scale
mentioned above (all of which in accordance with the provisions of Section
Val of his Prospectus).

In th event that the sum accumulated in the Cash Account exceeds 20% ol
the Balance Pending Payment on the Bonds, the Manager, on behalf of the
Fund, shall open 4 new account at a bank having a rating of Als (te
“Surplus Funds Account”, as described under Section V31 of this
Prospectus) into which al! such amounis which excecd the above-mentioned!
20% shall be deposited. In the event that the new bank should lose the A-L4-
rating. the Manager shall have 30 days to find a new bank wi the adequate
vating. The Manager shall notify SP Españ as far in advance as possible
¿fl probabiliy of his event occuring:

di) it shall verify that the amount of income which the Fund actually receives
corresponds to lhe income the Fund should have reccived in accordance wit
he provisions af he various Contracts from which such income derves, and.
this Prospectus and the Decd of Incorporation. If necessary, it shall bring.
such judicial or noncjudicial actions as are necessary or appropridte for
protection of the rights of he Fund and the Bondholders

(ii) it shall deposit he amounts it receives from UCT as principal and interest om
he Mortgage Participation into (he Cash Account

(iv) it shall deposit into the Cash Account the amount which forms the Reserve:
Fund (as described in Section V.33 of the Prospectus) from time to time:

(6) it shall procure that the amounts deposited into he Cash Account (which
shall include the Reserve Fund), provided that the Banl's short-erm debt
muaintains at least the raing of A-] (as per the rating scale of S£P Rating

s


ver

Prospectus May 2005

REI SEAL ERMITA COMER TE MORTGAGE SECURE

Service) produce the yield established in the Guaranteed Rate Reinvestment
“Agreement, ll in accordance with Section V.3.1 of his Prospectas:

(vá) it shall calculat at each Rate Fixing Time, and with respect to the following,
Interest Accrual Periad. the nominal interest rates to be applicd o Ihe tree
Classes Bonds, resulting from the determination made in accordance with
it provisions of Section ILJO, and shall publish it in Abe manner.
contemplated in Section IILS3, a), 4):

(vit sal calculate on cach Determination Date, the principal to be redeemed
on the three Classes Bonds and, togelher wilh the interest accrued in
accordance wi the provisions of Section IL11, shall publish it in the
manner provided by Section HIS 31")

(vit shall assign the Available Funds described under Section V.S., b), L, as
vell as any other amount available in the Cash Account and in the Surplus
Funds Account, if any, on cach Payment Date, to meeting the Funds
payment or wilhholding obligations, in the terms and in he order of priority
provided by Section V.S.1.b),2, ol this Prospects;

(6) it shall appoint e auditor of he Fund:

(4) it shall adopt the approprite decisions in relation to the liguidation of the
Fund, including the decision to wind-up the Fund carly, in accordance with
the provisions of this Prospectus and the Deed of Incorporaion;

(ai, it shall manage the Fund in order that lts net asset value shall be zero at all

(xi shall comply with its formal, documentary and reporting obligations vis-4-
vis the CNMV, the Rating Agency, Iberclcar, AIAF and any other
supervisory authority:

2 Substitution of Manager.

"The Manager may voluntarily request its substitution, provided 1hat just cause
exists, by means of a letier presented to the Spanish Securities Market
Commission. Such letter shall be accompanicd by that from Ihe new, substitute
securitization fund manager, duly authorized and registered as such in the special
registrics of the Spanish Securities Market Commission. In such let, the
substitute sal declare it is willing to accept such post, The resignation ol the
Manager and appoiniment of a new substitute manager shall be authorized by the
Spanish Securities Market Commission. In no case may the Manager resign
rom performing its duties as long as sll requisitos and formalilis for the
appoiniment of xs replacement have not been fulilled. All expenses generated
as a consequence af such substiution shall be paid by the Manager itself

ln the event that the Manager is declared in liquidaion, temporary reccivership.
bankruptey, or subject lo insolvency proceedings according to the provisions ol
Law 22/2003, or when its auhorization is revoked, the Manager shall appoint a
manager o replace 1, complying «with the provisions of articles 18 and 19 of
Royal Decree 026/1998, ol May 14, regulating Asset Securtizaion Funds and
Securiization Fund Managers (hercinalter, “Royal Decree 926/1998"), on
substiution of the Manager.

“e


ver

Prospectus May 2005

TE ESE ECN TON CONCE E MOTA SECIATATON FDO

1! the deadline legally established by article 19.2) of the said Royal Decre
926/1998, of four (4) months from when the circumstance giving way to the
substiution took place transpires and a substitute Manager has not been found,
an event of carly Icrmination ol the Fund and redemption of the Bonds shall take
place, for which he actions contemplated by Section IL11.3.c) of the Prospectus
shall be carried out

The substittion of Uhe Manager and appointment of a new one, both authorized
by the Spanish Securitics Market Commission, in accordance vih the provisions
the faregoing paragraph, shall also be reported to S£-P España.

HIL3.3 Scheme of remuneration to the Manager for performing its duties.

"The Deed of Incorporation shall determine hat he Manager shall be entcd to

ib following:

Ga one-ofT lump-sum management fee payable on the Pay-out Date cqual to
Faros one hundred thousand (EUR100.000); and

(ion cach Payment Date for the Bonds (March 15, June 5, September 1S and
December 15 af cach ycar, or next Business Day. as per the provisions of
Section IL1O3 of this Prospectus), a periodic management fee equal o
0.0225% per annum on he sum ol all Balances Pending Payment on he tbree
Classes Bonds, on the Determination Date pertaning to the Payment Date in
progress.
"The calculation of the periodic management fee stated in section (), supra,
payable on a given Payment Date, shall be performed in accordance with the
Tollowing formal:

ao
365

Where:
A
1

Fee payable on a given Payment Date

jum of all Balances Pending Payment on Class A, B and C Bonds, on
the Determination Date pertaining to such Payment Date.

d= Numberol days transpiring during cach Interest Acerual Period.

In any case, he quarterly amount of this periodic administration fee may not e:
less than Euros cight thousand five hundred (EUR 8.000) per quarter. ln the
event hat during the effective period of the Fund, the Consumer Price Index.
published by the National Statistics Institute for cach calendar year should
vndergo a posiive variation, hc minimum annual amount hill be adjusted on
cumulative basis in the same proportion, as from the year 2007, inclusive, and!
ciecive from January 1 of each year

he fee shall be paid provided ihat the Fund bas suficien liquidiyy and in
accordance vih the order of priority ol payments contemplated under Section
V5.1,9)2 of the Prospecto.

ANI payments to third parties for ordinary expenses (such as auditing, legal
otices and maintenance of credit rating) as well as for extraordinary expenses
related to the management of the Fund, shall be made directly by the Manager,



ver Prospectus May 2005

REI SEAL ERMITA COMER TE MORTGAGE SECURE ]

únotwithstanding Uhe Jatcr's right o be reimbursed by the Fund provided that the
Fund bas sulficiet liquidty and in accordance with Ihe order of priority ol
payments contemplated under Section V.S.1,b), 2, f the Prospectus
TILA Net asset value of the Fu
value. Income of the Fund.
The Fund, in accordance with article five, item 1 of Law 19/1992, shall establish
separate and closed asscts and labiliis, devoid of separate legal stats, formed at the
lime of incorporation as regurds its usscts, by the Mortgage Partcipations and (he
Reserve Fund described under Section V3.3 of the Prospectus and, with regard to its
labs, by the Bonds and the Subordinated Loan described under Section V-32 ol the
Prospectus, in such a manner that the Fund's net ass value hall be zero.

HIL4.1 Not asset value ol the Fund.

Assets.
a) At source.
On the Date of Incorporation, the Fund shall have the following as its
principal asscs:
(6) The Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage Participations pooled into the
Fund, as detailed under Chapter IV of this Prospectas.
(Gi) The amount contributed as Reserve Fund as described in Section V33
of his Prospectus

(Gi). Incorporation and issue expenses of the Fund.

(1) The amount receivable for he pay-0ut of he underwriten subscription
of each Class Bonds.

b) As a consequence of the operation of the Fund.

From the Date of Incorporation rough the total redemption of he Bonds, the
Fund shall have as its principal sets

6) The Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage Participations pooled int the
Fund.

Gi) Ordinary interest, calculated at the interest rate applicable to the
Mortgage Loans, accrue from the Pay-out Date.

ii) Default interest, calculated t Uhe Ordinary interest rate applicable
pursuant to paragraph (4), supra, accrued from the Pay-0ut Date.

Y) Any amounts or assets received through judicial or notarial foreclosure
of he mortgage collacral or through disposal or exploitaion of the real
properties awarded to the Fund in foreclosure of the mortgage
ollateral or in administration and interim possession of the property
(under foreclosure), acquisition at the winning bid price or amount
determined by judicial resolution, as from the Pay-0ut Date (as
described in Section ILIS.S of the Prospectus). Likewise, all possible
rights or indemniies which may result in favor of UCL, including not
only those deriving from ho insurance contracts assigned by UCI o the
Fund, but also those deriving from any sight accessory to the Mo

se


ver

Prospectus May 2005

TE ESE ECN TON CONCE E MOTA SECIATATON FDO

Loan, and excluding all Fees contemplated in he Mortgage Lowns which

shall be for the benefit of UCI

(0) The amounts pertaining to the Fund as deriving from the insurance.
contracis assigned by UCI to the Fund by virue of the Deed ol
Incorporation, as from the said Pay-out Date.

(vi), The amount forming the Reserve Fund.
(vi), Undepreciated incorporaion and issue expenses,

(vi) Any amounts corresponding to the Fund, arising out of ancillary
contacts executed by lhe Manager, on behalf of he Fund,

(6) The remaining balance existing in the Cash Account and in hc Surplus
Funds Account, if any, as described in Section V.3.1 hereof; plus any
relevant interes! accrued.

Lia

4) Atsource.

On the Date of Incorporation, (he Fund shall have the following as ts
principal Habiles:

() The amownt to be paid Tor subscription of the Mortgage Participations;
(Gi) The Subordinated Loan.
(Gi) The face amount of the Bond issue,
b) As a consequence of he operation of the Fund.
From the Date of Incorporation and roughout its life up until 1 total
redemption of the Bonds issued, the Fund shall have the following as its
principal habil:
6) The three Classes Bonds issued and pending redemption;
(Gi), The Outstanding Balance of the Subordinated Loan;
(Gi) The interest, fees, and other expenses 10 be puid, as established in the

contacts executed by the Manager, as well as any other which the Fund
may inca.

JIL42 Incorporation and issue expenses.

The estimate of all of the Fund's incorporation and Bond issue expenses is
provided fr in Section 1.4,

HILA.3 Periodic expenses for which the Fund is responsible.

The Manager shall pay as a charge against the Fund, but subject to

rcimbursement as per ihe order of priority of payments contemplated under

Section VS.1, b), 2 of the Prospectus, all expenses ariing out of the

management and sepresentation thereof.  Purely is a mater of ilustation, the

Manager shall pay the folowing expenses:

6 all hose rising out of the incorporation and registration ol the Fund and!
be issue, and admission to trading of the Bonds, as detailed under Section
1113 of this Prospectus;

w


ver Prospectus May 2005

REI SEAL ERMITA COMER TE MORTGAGE SECURE

Gi) those deriving from the annual sudits of the Fund's accounts;

(ii) those deriving from maintenance ol the credit rating of the three Classes
Bonds;

Gr) those related Lo any notices which, as established in his Prospectus, must
be given to holders ol outstanding Bonds by means of legal notices
inserted in Uh print media:

(6) those arising out of the sale of he Mortgage Particiations, in the case of
carly redemption of the outstanding Bonds;

(vi) expenses necessary for carring out foreclosure o the Mortgage Loans;

(vi), those which may be owed as a consequence of the admission to trading
th Bonds on ALAF or the sepresentation terco! through the book-entry
system

(vi) in general, any olhers paid by the Manager and arising out of ls acts of
representalion and manogement of Uhe Fund,

'VAT paid by the Fund on current expenses may constitute a deducible expense

for Corporate Tax purposes, lo the extent to which it is not deductible for VAT

purposes and must not be considered as a greater valuc of (he assetin question

.4 Income deriving from the Fund's operation.

"The Fund shall have available to it the income deposited into the Cash Account
“and in th Surplus Funds Account if any (as described in Section V3.1)
Income cligible to be applied on a specific Payment Date shall be as follows
(pertaning to cach Determination Period described under Section IL11.3,), 2)
4) Amouns received for principal on the Morigage Participaticos in the
preceding Determination Period. The said sums shall be deposite into the
Cash Account and, if applicable, in the Surples Funds Account
b) Ordinary and default interest deriving from the Mortgage Participations in the
preceding Determination Period. Said amounts shall be deposited into the
Cash Account and, if applicable, in the Surples Funds Account
+) The return obtained in the preceding Determination Period on reinvestment of
be amounts deposited into the Cash Account and, if applicable, in Uhe Surplus
Funds Account.
d) Any other amownts which the Fund may receive, including those which may
resul from the disposal ol properties awarded o the Fund.
Funhermore, the Fund shall have available on cach Payment Date, ho sum
making up the Reserve Fund described under Section V.33.
HIS Preparation, audit and approval of ammual accounts and other accounting
“documentation of the Fund. Name ol auditors appointed to perform the audit on
te Fund.

1 Obligations and deadlines established for preparation, audit and approval
ol annual accounis and management report.

"The Manager shall present o the Spanish Securities Market Commission he
Fund's annual accounts, together with the auditors' report in respect thercol|

“


ver Prospectus May 2005

TE ESE ECN TON CONCE E MOTA SECIATATON FDO

¡vithin four (4) months following the close of the Fund's fiscal year, which shall
be he same as he calendar year (e. prior to April 30 of each year)

The Manager's Board of Directors, at its mecting held on March 29, 2005, at
wbich it resolved the incorporation of this Fund, resolved 10 appoint he
accounting firm of Deloite 4 Touche España, SL. which is registered in the
Official Registry of Certified Public Accountants (“Registro Oficial de Auditores
de Cuentas"; “ROAC”) under number 0692, having offices in Madrid, calle
Raimundo Fernández Villaverde, 65, to perform the annual audits of he Fund.

HILS.2 Obligations and deadlines established for making available to the public and!
forwarding to the Spanish Securities Market Commission of periodic
information on the cconomicfinancia situation of the Fund.

“he Manager, in performing its duties of management and administration of the
Fund, agrees o forward to the Spanish Securities Market Commission, using the
vutmost diligence possible, either quarterly or at any other time requested hereol.|
¡he information described below or any other type of information requested ol il
(with the exception of that contained under section e), which shall be submitted
anmually), in relation to the three Classes Bonds, the performance of the
Mortgage Participaions, prepayments, and the economic-inancial situation of
ihe Fund, apurt from also reporting hereto all ordinary and extraordinary
periodic motices contained under Section IILS.3 of this Prospectus, and such
“additional information as may be requested of

2) ln relation to each Class 0f Bonds.

1. Balances Pending Payment and percentages which cach ol them represent
vil respect to the initial ace amount of each Class

2. Interest acerued and paid,
3. Interest cerued and not paid,
4. Principal accrued and paid,

Principal shorfall, if any
B) In relation 0 the Mortgage Participations.
1. Outstanding balance terco.
2. Interest acerued and paid thercon

3. Amount ol mortgage payments in default on Ihe underiying Mortgage.
Loans as at he date of he said report

+) In relation to the Fund's economicfinancial situation.

Report on Ihe origin and subsequent application ol he Available Funds in
“accordance with he order of proriy of payments contained in Section V.5.,
1), 2, of his Prospectus.

) ln relation to Prepayments.

w


ver

Prospectus May 2005

REI SEAL ERMITA COMER TE MORTGAGE SECURE

Demonstrative list of average actual prepayment rates of the Mortgage Loans
underlying the Mortgage Participutions as well as Ibe average life of the
Bonds under the maintenance of such average prepayment rates.

e) And, in relation to the Fund's Annual Accounts

Balance Sheet, Income Statement, Anmual Report, Management Report and
Auditors' Report within four (4) months following the close of cach fiscal
year.

3 Obligations regarding disclosure of material facts.

"The Manager, for he exact compliance wilh the issue conditions, agrees lo give
te following notics:
a) Ordinary periodie notices.

a) Within a period between the Rate Fixing Time and three (3) Business

Days following cach Payment Date, at the latest, it shall notify he

Bondholders of the nominal interest rates resulting for all Classes Bonds
for lx following Interest Accrual Period.
“At least one (1) calendar day in advance of cach Payment Date, it shall
notify the Bondholders of the following:

£ The resuling interest on Ah Bonds togher with the redemption
thrcot:

li. The Average Prepayment Rates of the Mortgage Loans underlying
the Mortgage Participation, as a he Determination Date;
bli The average residual life of the Bonds calculated pursuant to the
hypothesis of maintaining the sad actual prepayment rat:
iv. The Balance Pending Payment (after the redemption 1o be paid on
cach Payment Date) on cach Bond, and the percentage which such
Balance Pending Payment represents vih respect to the initial face
amount of cach Bond, ¿e Euros one hundred thousand (EUR
100.000),
Furthermore, and if applicable, the Bondholders shall be notified of the
interest amounts and/or Redemption Shortíall accrued thereon and not
paid, due 1oinsufficien Available Funds, in accordance with he rules of
priority of payments provided in Section V..1,),2 of his Prospectus.
"The notices oullned in these sections a") and 4”) shall be given as per the
provision of section e), infa, and shall lso be reported to Tberclear and
-AJAF within a maximum period of three (3) Business Days prior to each
Payment Date.
b) Extraordinary notice.
bi) On the occasion of he Fund's incorporation and the Bond issue, he day
añter the Date of Incorporatio, he Manager, on behalf of he Fund, shall
proceed to give notice (through the procedure indicated under section e).
infra) of he incorporation of the Fund and the Bond issue, together with
the nominal interest rates per anmum, variable quarterly, on the three
Class Bonds, resulting for he Fist Interest Accrual Period, which shall

so


ver

Prospectus May 2005

TE ESE ECN TON CONCE E MOTA SECIATATON FDO

run from the Payout Date (June 2, 2005) through Sepiember 15, 2005,
all in accordance with the contents of Section IL10 of the Prospectus
Any day of the calendar, whether a Business Day or Non-Business Day.
(or purposes of 1his Prospectus) would be suitable for making such

publication.
b") Others.
"The Fund, through its Manager, shall alo report to he Bondholders, any.
material fact which may take place in relation to the Mortgage

Participation, the Bonds, hc Fund, and ihe Manager itself, which may
signiicanly influence the trading of the Bonds and, in general, any
material change to the Fund's assts or liabilitis, as well as any eventual
decision in respect of carly redemption of the Bonds for any of the causes
contemplated in the Prospectus, in which case the olfcial notarized
document of liquidation and the procecding referred to under Section
IL 3 of this Prospectus, shall be forwarded o the CNMV.

e) Procedure.
Notices to he bondholders which, as provided above, must be made by the
Fund, through its Manager, shall be mado as follows
1. Ordinary periodic notices referred to under section a), supra, by

publication either in ALAF s daily bulletin, or such other as may come to

replace it in the future or another having similar characteristics, or by
publicaion in a widely-circulated newspaper in Spain

2. Extraordinary notice referred to under section b), supra, by publication in
a videly-circulsted newspaper in Spain.

In addition, he above notices may be given by publication in other media
enjoying general dissemination.
"These notices shall be deemed to be made on Ilir date ol publication. Any
day of the calendar, whether a Business Day or Non-Business Day (for
purposes of this Prospectus) shall be suitable for giving such notics,

) Reporting to Spanish Securities Market Commission.
The Manager shall report to the CNMV any publications hat, on an ordinary
periodic basis or extraordinail, are given puesuant Lo Ihe provisions of he
foregoing section, as well as any information requested ot apart from the.
above,

HL6 Tax scheme of the Fund.

In accordance with Law 19/1992, Royal Legislativo Decree 4/2004, Royal Decree
ETTI/2004, Law 37/1992 and the Royal Decree 1/1993, the characteristics atributed to
th tax scheme of the Fund ares follows:

o

0)

The incorporation of the Fund is exempl from the concept ol “corporate
iransactions" of Transfer Tax/Stamp Duty in accordance with he provisions of
paragraph 10 0f atcie five of Law 19/1992,

"he transfer or assignment to the Fund ol (he Mortgage Participation is cxempt
from Value Added Tax (article 20. One 18.1 of Law 37/1992, on VAT)


ver Prospectus May 2005

REI SEAL ERMITA COMER TE MORTGAGE SECURE

(Gi) The Fund is subject to Corporate Income Tax's general regime, hc general rate
dl which is currently 35%

(óv) Returns om the Mortgage Participations, loans and other credit rights
constituing the Fund's income ase not subject to withholding or inerim tax
payment (article SO, section K) ol Royal Decree 1777/2004)

(4). Management and custodial services rendered by the Manager to the Fund are
exempt from Valle Added Tax.

(vi) The Bond issue, suscription, transfer, redemption and return is exempt from
Transfer Tax/Stamp Duty (article 45.LB, number 15 of ihe Royal Decree
11993)

HIL7 Amendment of the Fund's Deed of Incorporation.
The Decd of Incorporation may not undergo any alieation except in exceptional
«ircumstances, in accordance will the conditions established by current regulations in
effect, and provided that the amendment does not impai he rating awarded to the Bonds
by the Rating Agency or ental any prejudice to the Bondholders. The Rating Agency
nd the CNMV must first be notified of he contents of such amendment.. CNMV
“uthorization shall be obtained, if necessary

HILS Early liquidation of the Fund: cases. termination of the Fund.
TILS.1 Early liquidation of the Fund. Circumstances.

"The Manager is authorized o proceed wiih the carlyliquidation of the Fund, and
bus, with the carly redempiion on a Payment Date of the whole Bond issue, in
be terms established in this paragraph and in Section IL113.c) of his
Prospectus, in the following case:

6) When the Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage Participaions is less han
10% Of the initial balance, provided that Ihe sale of the Mo
Participations pending amortizaion, together with the balance existing at
that time in the Cash Account and in the Surplas Funds Account (as
described in Section IV2.a) hereol), if any, allows for cancellaion in ful of
sil outstanding obligations lo the Bondholders and respecting the previous
payments to the later, he order of priority ol which ranks with a preference
as described under Section V.S 1.)2 of his Prospectus

(Gi), When the provisional rating of the Bonds is not confirmed as defiitive prior
10 he start of the Subscription Period;

(ii) When due to a change in current regulations in force or the occurrence ol
exceptional cireumstances, in the judgement of the Manager, 4 substamtial
lcration or permanent impairment ol the financial equilibrium ol the Fund.
takes place,

úv) Under 1h cireumstance contemplated by article 19 of Royal Decree
926/1998, establishin the obligatin to liquida he Fund caly in the event
that four (4) months have transpred from when an event determining the
compulsory substiuion ol the Manager takes place, because the later is
declared in temporary reccivership or bankmupt (currenly, concurso in
Spanish), without a new manager being found that is willing o take el
of the Fund's Management; or

s


ver

Prospectus May 2005

TE ESE ECN TON CONCE E MOTA SECIATATON FDO

ms

mus

(6) When a non-payment indicativo of a serious and permanent imbalance takes
place orís forescen to take place n relation to any of the Bonds.

The winding-up of the Fund must first be reported to the CNMV and, thercafer
10 the Bondholders, in the manner contemplated under Section ULS.3.b)b") and
+) of his Prospectus, al least thiy (30) Business Days in advance of the day om
vbich the carly redemplion ¡sto take place, which must necessarily take place on.
a Payment Dat.

Termination of the Fund

Tac terminarion of the Fund shall take place (as a conscquence of the amontizañon
in full of the Mongage Participaions comprised thercin and the Bonds, () as 2
consequence of he carl liquidanion procecding contemplaed in the above section and
in Clause 5 of he Decd of Incorporation; and (li) upon the Legal Maruricy Dare.

ln the event that any of he siruaions descibod in the foregoing secons takes place,
the Manager shall inform the CNMV and shall star the perinene formalitics for
terminacion of the Fund,

Actions for liquid:
liquidation.

In order that the Fund, through úis Manager, may carry out he liguidation and
termination of the Fund and, as the case may be, the carly liquidation of the Fund and
carly redemption of the Bond issue in those cases determined under Section IILS.!,
supra, and specifically, in order that the Fund shall have sufficien liquidity to meet its
payment obligatios, the Manager, on behalf of the Fund, shall carry out any or all of
th following actions:

6) sell the Mortgage Participations fora price which may no1 be less han the sum
al the principal plus interest accrued amd not paid on Ihe Mortgage
Participaions pending amortization. For this purpose, the Manager shall
request an offer, from, a least, five (5) ets of the most active in the sale
“nd purchase of similar assts, without being able to sell them at a price less
san the best offer received. The Assignor shall have a right of fist refusal to
acquire lhe Mortgage Participations, under the conditions established by the
Manager at the time of the liquidation, so that the Assignor will have a
preferental sight towards third partics to acquire the Mortgage Paricipaions.
In order to exercise the right of fest refusal, the Assignor shall be given a
period of five (5) Business Days from the date on which the Manager notifies it
f the conditions (price, form of payment, lc) pursuant to which the disposal
af the Mortgage Participations will proceed. The Assignor's ofler shall be, st
least, equivalent Lo the best of the third parties” offers.

on of the Fund. Rights of the Assignor in the Fund's

In the event that no offer would cover Ihe aggregate of the principal plas the
interest accrued and unpuid for he Mortgage Participutions  pending
redemption, the Manager shall galher from among the five (5) entities
alorementioned, three (3) enttics that in the Manager's opinion, Can give a
murket value, The Manager is required to accept the best offer received for he
Mortgage Paricipations which, in the Manager's opinion, covers the market
value Ahrcof. In order lo fix the market valuc, the Manager may request as
many valuation reports as it deems necessary. ln his case, the Assignor shall



ver Prospectus May 2005

REI SEAL ERMITA COMER TE MORTGAGE SECURE

lso have he pre-emption sight described above, provided that the Assignor's
offers, a east, equivalen 0 the best of he third parties” ofers

"This right of first rfusal in no case implies  covenant or declaration regarding
the repurchase of he Mortgage Participation on the par of hc Assignor.

(Gi) cancel those contacts which ae not necessary fr the liquidation process of the
Funds andlor
(Gi) in the event that the actions above were not sufficient or there were any

remaining assets, proceed Lo sell the remaining assets still within the Fund's
asscts. The Manager shall be enúilled to accept such offers that, in the
Manager's opinion, cover Ihe market value ol h relevant asset and pay cash
In order to fix the market value, the Manager may request as many valuation
reports as it decms necessary

"The Manager shall immediately apply all sums it has obtained on the disposal of the
Mortgage Participation towards payment o the various concep, in he form, amount
und order of priority as applicable, as determined under Section V.S.L.)2 of his
Prospectus. The carly redemption of sl of the Bonds in any of the cases contemplated
under Section IL11.3.c) supra, shall be carried ou! for the Balance Pending Payment of
the Bonds up to that date plus interest accrued and not paid since the last Payment Date
through the early redemption date, which shall necessarily coincide with a Payment
Date, after deducting. as the case may be, any tax wilhholding, and shall be free of
expenses for the holder, which amounis, fo al! legal purposes, Shall be deemed to be
“due and payable on his later dee.

In the event that, once the Fund has been wound-up and all payments made pursuant to
he order of priority of payments established under Section V.S.1b)2 of this
Prospectus, any reminder exists or any judicial or notary public procecdings brought
as a consequence of he non-puyment, by Uhe borrowers of the Mortgage Loans, should
remain pending (all in accordance with the provisions of Section IV.2, b) ) of his
Prospectus), both the said remundor as well as the continuation and/or procecds from
the resolution ol he proccedings cited above shall stand to the credit ol the Bank.

In any case, the Manager, acting for and on behalf of he Fund, will not proceed with
th termination of the Fund until the liquidation of the Fund's remaining assets and the
distribution of the Fund's available funds have not been caricd out, in following the
order! priority of payments contemplated under Section V.5.1.)2.

Once a muximum deadline of six (6) months has elapsed from the liguidation of the
Fund's remaining asscis and the distribution of the available funds, the Manager shall
execute 4 notarized document declaring (the Fund terminated, as well us the causes
coniemplated in the Decd of Incorporation and this Prospectus which motivated the
termination of the Fund, (i) the procedure for notifying Bondholders and the CNMV
carried out, and (li) the distribution of the Fund's available amounts in following the
order of priority ol payments stated under Section V-S.1.D)2 of this Prospectus, and
will comply with such fuer administrative formaliics as decmed appropriate. The.
said notarized document shall be forwarded by the Manager to he CNMV.

In the event that ibere are grounds for liquidation, as provided for under section
TILS1.i) above, the incorporation of the Fund, the issue of the Bonds and the
agreements entered into by the Manager, acting on behall of the Fund, excluding the
Subordinated Loan Agreement, pursuant lo which Ihe incorporation and issuance.

se


ver

Prospectus May 2005

TE ESE ECN TON CONCE E MOTA SECIATATON FDO

expenses incurred by the Fund shall be paid, shall be terminated, Sueh termination shall
be promply notified to the CNMV and, following one (1) month from occurrence ol
the grounds for termination of e incorporation of the Fund, the Manager shall execute
a notarial deed stting the termination of the Fund and Ihe reasons thereto, 10 be
provided to the CNMV, Iberelcar and he Rating Agency.


ver Prospectus May, 2005

CHAPTERIV
INFORMATION ON CHARACTERISTICS OF TE ASSETS SECURITIZED THROUGH TE FUND

XV. Description of Mortgage Participations pooled into the Fund.
Unión DE CREDITOS INMOBILIARIOS, S.A., SOCIEDAD UNIPERSONAL, ESTABLECIMIENTO.
Fivanciro DE CRÉDITO, (UCI) is the holder of mortgage loans 10 individuals which
appear on lis balance sheet, coming from residential acquisition or rehabilitation
Financing transactios in Spaín, at a fixevariable interes rate, which meet ll of the
requisites required by Law 2/81 of March 25, on the Morigage Market, and
implementing provisions (he “Mortgage Loans”), and which are described in greater
detail under tris Section,

UCI, in its capacity as Assignor, causes the Fund o participate in the Mortgage Loans by
assigning Ihem through the issuance of Mortgage Participaions for a minimum amount
equal to the figur of his Bond issu, eferrin lo a share of 100% in the principal und a
share of 100% in the interest, both ordinary, applicable to cach Mortgage Loan In
question, as well as default interest, calculated at the same interes rate as the ordinary
interest,' The Morigage Participations shall be issucd by UCI and subscribed by the
Fund, rough its Manager, by virue of the Decd of Incorporation, subject to the
úprovisions of Law 19/1992 and legislation on the Mortgage Market (Law 2/1981, of
March 25, Royal Decree 685/1982, of March 17, Royal Decree 1289/1991, of August 2
(amending certain articles of the aforementioned Royal Decree 685/1982) and other
applicable provisions, n such a manner that the said execution shall not be subject to a
marginal entry in cach mortgage recording pertaining to cach Mortgage Participation, al
th Property Registry

Declarations

a) Declarations of UCI in lts capacity as Assignor ol Uhe Mortgage Loans and issuer
of the Mortgage Participations.
UCI, as holder ofthe Mortgage Loans until cir ass
issuance of Mortgage Participation, hereby warrants to the Man
Ford, hat

enment to the Fund, through the
er, om behallof the

(1) UCI is a company duly incorporated in accordance with current law in foree, is
registered with the Mercantile Registry, and is authorized to participate in the
Mortgage Market

(2) Neither as at the date of this Prospectus, or al any time since its incorporation,
has UCI been in a situation of insolvency, temporary receivership, bankruptey, or
creditars proceedings (in accordance with the provisions of Law 22/2005).

(3) The Mortgage Participations are regulated by Law 2/1981, of March 25, Royal
Decree 685/1982, ol March 17, as amended, inter alía, by Royal Decres
1289/1991, of August 2, and other applicable regulations, and Full all requisites
established there.

(4) UCIs management bodies have validly adopted all necessary resolutions for
issuance ol he Mortgage Participations and to validly enter into the contacts
“nd commilments assumed.

(5) The Mortgage Loans are valid and enforceable in accordance with applicable
law

50


vera

Prospectus May 2005

OTE RE OANATON ON CARACTERES 0 ASES SECURE ROCA FO

(6) UCL is the holder, without limitaion, of all of the Mortgage Loans Lo be assigned!
and of the underlying propey mortguges. No impediment exists against the
issuance ol he Mortgage Participation.

(1) The data relating to the Mortgage Loans included in his Section are complete
"They faithully and accurately refect th reality of the said Mortgage Loans.

(8) UCI has no knowledge ol any debtor being able to object thercagainst any
exception to Ihe payment of any amount referng Lo the Mortgage Loans.

(9) Each one of lhe Mortgage Loans will be secured by a property mort
established as a first mortgage on the fee simple il Lo the property in question.
"The mortgaged properties are not subject to any prohibitions against disposal.
conditions subseguent or any other resrctionaffecting the te thereto.

(10)No person holds any preferred sight 10 Ihe Fund as a holder of the Mortg
Participation.

(11) Al of the Mortgage Loans are formally instrumented in u Public Deed. AI
moriguges are duly established and recorded wilh the pertinent Property
Registres... The recording of the mortgaged properties is in force, without
contradition, and ís not subject o any preferred limitation to the mortgage, in
ccondance with applicable regulations.

(12) UCI has no knowledge of any debtor being subject to insolvency procecdings.
(13) The Mortgage Loans have been granted in order to finance, as secured by real
propeny mortgage, the acquisition or rehabilitation of homes located in Spain.
(14) The outstanding balance of each Mortgage Loan i, as ah subscription date ol

the Mortgage Participation, denominated in Euros.

(15) The mortgages are established on properties which belong to the mortgagor in
lee simple and full ile. The Assignor has no knowledge of any litigation
alffecting such td.

(16) AI of he mortgaged homes have been previously appraised by appraisers who.
re duly registered with the perinent Official Registry of the Bank of Spain. The
said appeaial is evidenced by Ihe pertinent Cerúlicae of Appraial

(17)On tie Date of Incorporation, the outstanding balance of the Mortgage Loans
vil ol excced 80% of lhe appraised value of he properties mortgaged as
security for th pertinent Mortgage Loans

(AS)UCI has no knowledge of the appraisal of any morigaged propety having.
diminished by more han 20%

(19) The homes on which the mortgage guarantee has been established have damage:
and fire insurance in effect, in Which insurance Uhe insured amount coincides as
least with the appraised value ol the homes as contained in the Certificate ol
Appraisal.. "The information included in relaion to fire insurance and any other
ancillary rights complete and fsihfally adjust o th reality of the situation.

(20) The Mortgage Loans are not instrumented in registered, endorsable or bearer

(Q1)The Mortgage Loans are not subject to any Mortgage Bonds or Mortgage:
Pasticipaions ouher than those pertuining Lo Ihe issue to be carried out by the
Find on the Date of Iacorporation.

sI


ver

Prospectus May 2005

AER MEDRANO CARACTERES 0 ASS SEUA DRUG O

(22) UCI declare that on the Date of Incorporatin, none of he Mortgage Loans shall
have outstanding payments fora period excecding thirty (30) days.

(23) A! the time of the assignment, UCI has no Knowledge of any of the mortgage:
“debtors being the holder of any credit right aguinst UCI Uhrough which seto(f
could be exercise

(24) The information contained in this Prospectus in respect of he incorporation of
be Fund and the Bond issue concerning the Mortgage Participaions portílio is
complete and aithully adjusts1o the reality of he situation,

(25) Both the granting of the Mortgage Loans and the isuance of the Mortgage:
Pasticpations, as well us all acts related thereto, have been caried out or shall be.
carried out puesuant to arn's length market criteria.

(26) UCI has faithully followed the citeia contained in the Internal Memorandum
úppearing in Section 1V.3.1 of the Prospectus in Ihe concession of cach and.
every one of he Mortgage Lowns.

(27) Al original deeds of the mortgages established on the homes as security for the:
Mortgage Loans. are duly deposited, in files suitable for such purpose, at the
disposal ol the Manager, on behall of he Fund. A1 UCI a CD-ROM file exists in
isiplicate in respect of the aid deeds, which are duly deposited in the files of the
company Cemtro de Tratamiento de la Documentación, S.A. (CTD), at the
disposal of the Manager. The above-mentioned morigages may be identified
through hc automated records cari by UCI

(28)0n the Date of Incorporation, the total outstanding balance of the Mortgage:
Loans sbal be equal to the figure of the sum of the face values of all Mortgage
Pasticipations and which, in tun, shall beat least equal o the figure of his Bond!

(09) The Mortgage Loans have been and are being serviced by UCI pursuant to is
customary procedures.

(30) UCI has no knowledge of the existence ol Iitigation of any type in relation 1o the
Mortgage Loans which may impsir ir valdity or may lead to the application
of article 1535 of he Spanish Civil Code (refrring to the right of termination by
the debtor of ltigious deba which is sold). Likewise, UCI is not aware of the:
existence of any litigaion or claim by the borrowers against the supplicr af th
homes which could lead to the application of atile 15 of Law 7/1995, of March
23, on Consumer Credit, nor do circumstances exist which could lead to the
inclleciveness of the deed of establishment of mortgage on ihe residence.
morigaged as security for the Mortgoge Loans.

(31) The premiums accrued through the date hercof on the insurance referred to under
item (20), supra, have been paid in ful

(32) All Mortgage Loans have 4 maturity date les than or equal to the Final Matuity
Date of the Bonds, ¡.c. December 15, 2039.

(33)0n the Date of Incorporation, no mortgage loan of those contained in the
portfolio described in Section IVA of the Prospectus which has been prepaid,
shall be assigned through the issuance of a Mortgage Participation

(34) UCI has no knowledge of the existence of any circumstance impeding or
hampering the enforcement of hs mortgage guarantee.

58


vera

Prospectus May 205

OTE RE OANATON ON CARACTERES 0 ASES SECURE ROCA FO

(35) All properties mortgaged under the Mortgage Louns are completed homes.

(36)UCI agrees to furnish to the Manager all periodic information referrng to the
Mortgage Loans in accordance with the software programs of the Manager.

(B7)None of the Mortgage Loans meets any characterisic of debis excluded or
restricted by atcle 32 of Royal Decree 685/1982, lo serve as coverage for the
Mortgage Participation issue.

(38) The Mortgage Participations lo be issued shall not have an interest rate
exceeding that ol Une Mortgage Loans.

(39) The Fund is entitled o receive all payments made by the debtors, as well as any
other payment derived from the Mortgage Loans, with no withholding on the
part of the Assignor.

b) Number and amount of Mortgage Participations pooled into the Fund.

"The portfolio ol Mortgage Participation at 1he time of he issue shall be composed ol

a yetzo-be-determined number the principal value of wbich shall be at leas equal to
gure ol this Bond issue,

ion ol rights which are conferred upon their holder by the said

participations on the mortgage loans which back them.

"The Mortgage Participations relae to share in the Mortgage Loans granted by UCI
of a hundred per cent (100%) in principal, and share of a hundred per cent (100%) in
rdinary and delay interes, both calculated on the basis of the ordinary interes rate
applicable o each Mortgage Low in question (fixed or variable)

CL in accordance with aticle fiv, tem $ of Law 19/1992, does not run the risk of
on-payment of the Mortgage Participations and, herefor:, docs not assume any
liabiliy or he non-payment by th mortgage debtors, whether in respect of principal.
interest, or any other amount which they may owe under the Mortgage Loans. Nor
shall át otherwise assume any liabiliy in directly or indirecily guarantecing the
successful conclusion of the transaction, Or grant securily-interesis or bank.
guarantees, or incu repurchse agreements n respect of the Mortgage Participatios,
with the exception of those which do not meet, on the Date of Incorporation, the
conditions and characteristics contained in Section 1V.L.) o his Prospectas.

Except as provided with respect lo the acerual of imerest on Ihe Montgs
Participtions as from the Pay-out Date, the share in the Mortgage Loans through the
Mortgage Participation issue shall be made or the entire term remaining through the
final maturty of the said Mortgage Loans.

"The Mortgage Panticipations issued by virue of he provisions of lhe Deed ol
Incorporation shall be represented by one Multiple Cenificate issued by the Assignor,
representing al of the Mortgage Participation so issued, as established under section
IV 23,6, infra (cligible for breakcdown in the event of substittion of Mortgage:
Pasticipaions or foreclosure of he Mortgage Loans). The said Multiple Certificate
shall be deposited by the Manager, in the same actas the incorporation of the Fund,
vi the Bank

"The Manager shall proceed, on behalf of he Fund, in the Deed of Incorporation, to
subscribe the Mortgage Participaions issued by UCI, for immediate incorporation
into the Fund,

50


ver

Prospectus May 2005

AER MEDRANO CARACTERES 0 ASS SEUA DRUG O

In following the provisions of Royal Decres 6852, on Regulation of the Mortgage:
Market, as amended by Royal Decrec 1289/91, the Mortgage Participatins shall be:
transferable by means of a written declaration in the same certificate and, in general,
by any means admitted by Law. The transfer of a Mortgage Participation and the
ire of the new holder shall be notificd by the transfree to UCI

"The tranferor shall not be liable for the solvency of UCI or of any debtor of the
underlying Mortgage Loan, nor shall it be liable for the sufficiency Of the mortgage:
securing il

On the Incorporaion Date, UCI is Ihe beneliciry of the damage insurance.
agreemenis executed by the mortgage debtors in connection with lhe mortgaged:
stats, up to the amount of that insured, and UCT is responsible fr issuing any notice
it may be required to under th terms of the executed insurance premium.

In case of non-payment by Uhe debtor of the premium on he damage and fire
insurance on Ibe mortgage guarantecs, UCI, as mortgage creditr, assumes that
payment of such premium by insuring be propentics through a Group Insurance.
Policy with an Insurance Company, once it has been made aware of such non-
payment by the said Insurance Company. UCI sha pay on his behalf and shall debi
the account of the said debtor, for the amount of the above-mentioned premium, in
such a manner that they wil always be paid

In the same act as the incorporation of he Fund, UCI shall asign to the Manager, on
behalf of the Fund, the rights vested in tas bencliciay of the said damage insurance
contracis. Therefore, the Manager, on behalf of the Fund, shall be entitled to all
smounts UCI wosld have been entiled toreccive for his concept.

"he assignment shall comprise both the transfer ol any guarantees that may have been
established as a guarantee for the granted loan and other additional sig
explained below.

The Fund, as holder of the Mortgage Participation, sbll hold ibe rights hey
incorporate. Specificaly, it shall be entiled to receive all payments which, as from.
the Pay-Out Date, are made by debtors us well as any other payment arising out of the:
Mortgage Lowns. in addition Lo he payments made by the debtors for principal and.
interest on Ihe Mortgage Loans, the Fund shall be entitled to any other payment the
Assignor reccives for lhe Mortgage Loans, including those arising out of any

ancillary right to he financing transactions, such as indemmities from insurance.
policies, payments made by possible guarantors, cie. with (he exception of
commissions — for claiming —umpaid payment orders, subrogation es,

prepayment/cancellaion fees, as well as any other fee Or outlay lo which the
Assignor is ended.

"The subscription of the Mortgage Participation shall take full efect between the
parties as from the Date of Incorporation. Nevertheless, the accrual of interest in
favor of the Fund shall take place as from the Pay-Out Date. The deed of
incorporation of the Fund includes as SCHEDULE X a copy, on machine-readable:
media, of each and every one of the Mortgage Louns underlying the Mortgage
Participations pooled into he Fund.

"The rights of he Fund resulting from the subscription ol the Mortgage Panicipations
are liked o he payments mado by the debrors of the Mortgage Loans and, therefore,

-50



vera Prospectus May 205

OTE RE OANATON ON CARACTERES 0 ASES SECURE ROCA FO

are directly affected by the evolution, delays, avances or any other incident in
respect Ihereol.

Payments mado to the Manage
Loans shall not be subject to wiihholding as established by article 59.£) of the Royal
Decree 1777/2004.

4) Rules contemplated for substitution of Mortgage Participations.

In case of prepayment of the Morigage Participaions initially. pooled, as «a
consequence of he prepayment of lhe relevant underlying Mortgage Loans, no
substitation of Participatios vil take place.

In the event it should be detected, at time subsequent to the Date of Incorporatio,
at a Mortgage Participation docs not meet, on the Date of Incorporation, the
conditions and characteristics contained in Section EV.1, a) ol the Prospectus, because.
le underlying Mortgage Loan does not meet them, UCI agrees o immediately
proceed with he substitucion of he Mortgage Participation in such situation, subject
to te following rules:

1. The substtuion by UCI (which in any case shall be made for principal plas
interest accrued and not paíd) shall he made through the issuance of Mortgage
Participation(s) on mortgage loan(s) of its portfolio having characteristics
úhomogencows to the Morsgage Loan underlying the Mortgage Participation subject
to substitución in function of outstanding principal, term, interest rate,
characteristics of debtor or characteristics of mortgaged propet, as well as
ereditworihines in terms of the existing ratio between oulstanding balance of the
Mortgage Participation and the Appraisal value of the property serving as security
for the underlying Mortgage Loan, in such a manner tha financial cquilbrium
of he Fund shall not be affected by the substtution.

In the event that no Mortgage Lomms exist in UCTs portfolio, havi
characteristics homogencous lo the Mortgage Loan underlying the Mortg
Participation subject to substtution, UCI shall procced to the repurchase therco(

2. The substiution shall be curicd out in the following manner:

2.1. UCI shall inform the Manager, on behalf o the Fund, of the existence o each
non-suitable Mortgage Participation, procecding to immedistely cancel the
said Mortgage Participation rough Uho pertinent stamping of the certificate
duly broken down for such purpose, and to issue amolhcr Mortgage.
Participaion having similar characteristics of residual term. interest rte,
úuistanding principal and creditworihiness ín terms of the ratio between the
said outstanding balance of the participation, and the appraiscd value of he
propeny securing the underlying Mortgage Loan, once a verifican, prior to.
lhe substituto, of the suitabiliy of the substitute mortgage loan has been
carried out by an outside auditor, in accordance with the provisions of Section
13 of his Prospectus, in such a manner tha the Financial Structure of the Fund
shall mol be affected by the substtution

22. The said issuance of Mortgage Participation by UCI and substitution by the
Manager, on behalf of the Fund, shall be made through the execution of the
pertinent notarial record which shall reflet the data relating to both the
Mortgage Participation to be substituted and the Mortgage Loan underlying
the same, as well as the new Mortgage Participation issued, with the data ol
the Mortgage Loan, as well as th reason for the substiution and the indices

0N


ver

Prospectus May 2005

AER MEDRANO CARACTERES 0 ASS SEUA DRUG O

IVA Servicing and custody of Mortgage Parti

: Participation, as
described above, a copy of which shall be submited o the Spanish Securities
Market Commission (“Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores”), to the
Envy entasted with he Accounting Ledger, to ALAF, and it shall be reported
to the Rating Agency

ipations.
Succinct description of the procedures for ordinary servicing of the loans and
specific actions in case ol non-payment ol principal or interest, as well as In case
of prepayment.

1. Servicingo

UCI the issuer of the Mortgage Participation to be subscribed by the Fund, in
accordance wilh the provisions of the Deed of Incorporation and in accordance
vi Royal Decre 685/1982, of March 17, on regulation of certain aspects of he.
Mortgage Market, as amended by Royal Decree 1289/1991, of August 2, shall
preserve the custody and servicing ol Uhe Mortgage Loans which are the object
df the Mortgage Participations and shall receive, under collection management,
n behalf of the Fund, such amounts as are paid by the mortgage debtors under
le Mortgage Loans which are the object of the Mortgage Participaions, and!
shall procced to immediately deposit lhe amounts pertaining to he Fund, as
established under Section IV.1, €), and under section 9, infra, ino the Cash
Account, initally opened at the Bank in the Fund's name by the Manager, as
described under Section V-3.1 of Uhis Prospecta

UCI shall service the Mortgage Loans which are 1h object of 1he Mortgage.
Pasticipations with he same diligence as if dealing wi ts own loans.

In accordance with the terms of he Deed of Incorporation, UCI shall assume,
inte ala, th following obligations: () 1 hall assign by virtuc of the said Deed.
of Incorporation, to the Manager, on behalf of the Fund, the rights to which is
emtiled as beneficiary of the damage insurance contracis subscribed by the:
mortgage debtors in relation to the morigaged properties, up to the insured!
amount: Gi), it shall guarantee to the Fund, through the Manager, certain
conditions of the Mortgage Loans which are stated in the Deed of Incorporation
and which are detailed in this Section of the Prospectus, and it shall agree to,
substitute any Mortgage Participation(s) which do not meet such conditions on.
he Date of Incorporation and, in he event its poríolio does not contain loan.
homogencous vih the Mortgage Loan underlying the Mortgage Participaion lo
be substitute, it shall repurchase them for their principal plus interest accrued!
“and mot paid und (ii) it shall agree to indem the Fund, through its Manager,
Tor any damage, loss or expense Incurred by the later as a consequence of he:
breach by UCI of its custody and servicing obligations with respect lo the
Mortgage Lowns.

In he event of default by UCL of any of is obligations as Assignor, due Lo the
ccurrence of events hal, in he Manager' opinion, imply any damages or risk
for the balance of the Fund' financial structure or the rights and interest al the.
Bondholders, the Manager may directly appoint a new servicer of the Mortgage:
Loans or, if approprite, request UCI to delegate the fulfillment of such
bligations to any other bank UCI may decm appropriate for the purposes. Such
appoiniment shall be notified o 1he CNMV.

-62


vera

Prospectus May 205

OTE RE OANATON ON CARACTERES 0 ASES SECURE ROCA FO

Should this be the case, UCI shall provide relevant notice to Ihe debtors of the
Mortgage Loans af its replacement as servicer and collection manager by the
env bank

Additionally, in his case, a change in the order of priority of payments will
¡occur with regard to the collection of the Administration Fee in favor of he new
third party Servicer, which will move from position 12 to position 1, under he
terms of Section V.5.2 0f his Prospectus.

Duration.

"The services refered to in the above section (hereinafter, he “Services”) shall be
rendered by UCI until, once all of the Mortgage Loans have been paid off, all
bligations assumed by UCI are extinguished.

Responsibility of UCI in custody and servicing.

UCI agrees to act in the custody and servicing of he Mortgage Loans with every
due diligence, and shall e lable to the Fund, through its Manager, for any
damage which may derive from is negligence.

Responsibility of UCI in colletion management.

UCT agrees to actin the pertinent collection management of the Mortgage Loans,
with every due diligence, and shall also be liable to the Fund, through ts
Manager, for any damage which may derive from ts negligence.

Guarantees by UCI.

UCI shall indemmnify the Fund, through its Manager, for any damage, loss or
expense il incurs as a consequence of the bresch ol is custody and servicing
bligations with respect to the Mortgage Loans.

UCI does not howsoever assume lability in direc or indirect guarantecing
il successful conclusion of the transaction and shall not grant any security-
interests or guarantees, no shall tincur repurchase agreements in respect of he

Mortgage Participations with the exception of those which do not meet, on the
Date al Incorporation, the conditions and characteristics contained in Section
IV.1, a) of his Prospectus, and in accordance with hc contents thereof.

Delivery and deposit of Mortgage Particpations.

UCI shall deliver the Morsgage Participaions issued and represented by means
of one multiple ceníficate, and subscribed by the Manager on behalF of the Fund.
10 the Manager who, in tun, shall deposit them with the Bank, which entity shall
receive the Mortgage Participations and shall accept the deposit thcreol.. The:
above-mentioned deposit, which shall be free of charge, shall be established for
th benefi of the Fund in such u manner bat ho Bank shall keep custody of the

Participaions deposite, in following the instructions of ihe Manager.

Deposit of other documents.

UCI shall act as custodian of 1he decds of formal instrumentation ol the
Loans and ol such other documents as may be relevant

Availabiliy of abore-mentioned documents
"The Manager, on behalf of the Fund, may examine, and UCI shall submit, the
original a the Mortgage Participations deposited at ¡he Bank in the name of the
Fund and the deeds of formal insrumentation of he Mortgage Loans deposited

6


ver

Prospectus May 2005

AER MEDRANO CARACTERES 0 ASS SEUA DRUG O

at UCI when it deems appropriate, and may request 1hat a copy ol any of said
documents be submitted to it free of expenses, and within a period noto exceed!
Torty-ight (48) hours

I£ the substitution for another entity of UCI should take place in its post as
Service of the said Mortgage Loans, UCI shall make available o the substitute
entity the documenis, files and/or systems which may be necessary for the:
successful implementation of he servicing of the Mortgage Loss

9. Collection Management.

UCI as collection manager, shall receive in the name of he Manager, on bell
df the Fund, such smounts as are paid by the debiors as ariing out of he.
Mortgage Loans, for both principal or interest as well as any olher concept
including the insurance contracis assigned to Ihe Manager, on behalf of the Fund,
due under the relevant Mortgage Loans and shall procced to deposit the said
“amownis which perain to he Fund immediately and, in any case, wibin x period!
ol to exceed fony-cight (48) hours, into the Cash Account described under
Section V.3.1 of his Prospectus.

Funihermore, UCI shall pay into the suid account and within the same time.
period the amounts it receives, as the case may be, from debtors for prepayment
of e Mongage Loans and which pri 1 Fund in ems comempltad

In the event that UCI is declared in liquidation, temporary receivership,
bankruptey or erediors proceedings (in accordance with the provisions of Law.
22/2003), in accordance with the provisions of Section ILIS, the Bank shall hold.
be Fund armes against ny damages which may result for the later from he.
breach by UCL of its obligation in respect of management and servicing of the.
Mortgage Partcipations and, specifically, it shall proceed to direcly pay Lo the
Fund, the amounis pertaining Ihereto for principal and interes on the Mortgage
Pasticipations forming its asets

10,

“aleulation of interest rate on the Mortgage Loans subject to a variable
interes rate.

UCI shall calculste the variable interest rut of the Morigage Loans subject to a
variable interest rate, in accordance with the provisions of he loan agreements,
and shall notify the mortgage debrors, within the time periods contemplated in
le said agreement, the nominal interest rate applicable during the following.
period.

Furihermore, UCI shall send to any debrors who so request and to Ihe Manager,
information on the resuling interest rate.

11 Advance of funds.
UCI shall in no case advance any sum it has no! first received from the mortgage
diebtors for principal, interest, prepaymen or other concepis, a arsing out oh.
Mortgage Loss

12. Prohibitedtransactions; cases of extension of mortgage.
"UCI may not voluntarly cancel the guarantees for cause other than payment ol
le secured Mortgage Loan, waive or make a settlement in respect hero,
Torbear in whole or in part any Mortgage Loans, or in



vera

Prospectus May 205

OTE RE OANATON ON CARACTERES 0 ASES SECURE ROCA FO

which diminishes the ranking, legal effectiveness or economic value of the
guarantecs or of he Mortgage Loans.

Notwithstanding the above, the Manager moy, in exceptional circumstances, in
order lo avoid he costs and unceriintics Which any mortgage foreclosure
Process carries with it and maintain the Financial equiibriun of the Fund and, in
ny case, in acting for the benefit of Ihe interests of the Bondholders, in its
capacity 48 manager of third party businesses, give instructions to UCI, or to
previously authorize the later, to agree to with the debtor the terms and
«conditions it deems appropriate, in consideration of Law 2/1994 on subrogation
nd modification of mortgage loans.

UCI will not permit with the mortgage debtors any oler renegotiation on the
Financial conditions of the Mortgage Loans, except as mentioned above and as
expressly mentioned below under Section IV.á (Cuota Comodin missed payment
feature und limitaion of payment amount as per CPI)

IE for market reasons, or any other circumstance, the value of the mortgaged
sset decreases from be initial appraise by more than the percentages legally
permitted, UCI shall demand from the morigagor deblo, tbrough accreditation
by means of an appraial performed at lis request the extension of the mortgage
10 otber sufficient assts in order to cover the ration between the value of he
ssetand the amount of the Joan secured by such assel

IL he debior, after being requested to cary out the extension, chooses Lo repay
sil or part of the Mortgage Loan which excceds he amount resulting from
spplying to the updated appesisal the percentage used for iniilly determining
the loan amount, UCI shall be required to deposit, in he terms contemplated in
Section IV.1, c). the amounis it receives from the debtor for such concepts in
favor of the Manager, on behalf of the Fund, into he Cash Account opened by
ihe Manager in the mum of 1h Fund, as described in Section VA. of this
Prospectus

IL, within a period of two (2) months from being requested 10 arrange the
extension, Ihe mortgage debior has not arranged it or repaid the part ol (he
Mortgage Loan referred o in the above paragraph, he shall be deemed to have
chosen repayment of the entire Loan, which shall be immediately demanded!
ihereom by UCI. Once the amount pertainin to the entire Mortgage Loan has
been received, UCL, in the terms contemplated in Section IV.I, €), shall
immediately deposit in favor of the Manager, on behalf of th Fund, the portion
1o which ti entld in accordance with the provisions of the above paragraph.

13. Remuneration to UCI

UCI, as consideration for the servicing af he Mortgage Loans (or lhe entity
vwbich substitutes IL in such serving task, possible due to circumstances which
may occur at UCI, and which may impede or make difficult (be proper
implementation of said servicing), shall be entiled to receive on cach Payment
Date, und through the Payment Date on which hc total redemption ol the Bonds
takes place, a fixed Servicing Fee of Euros six thousand (EUR 6,000) (VAT
included)

1 ihe Fund, ihrough its Manager, because it lacks sufficiet liquidiy, does not
pay on a Payment Date the entire fee owed, the amounis not paid shall

65


ver

Prospectus May 2005

AER MEDRANO CARACTERES 0 ASS SEUA DRUG O

“ccumulat wiihout penalty to the fee to be paid on the following Payment Date,
vvilh payment thereo! being made al that same time,

Furihermore, UCI, as remuneration or compensation for he financial medistion
process carried out, shall be entilled to receive, on cach Payment Date, a
subordinated, variable amount cqual lo the difference betwcen the accounting.
income and expenses for the Fund on each Determination Date, in such a manner
at the financial margin obtained is removed, This amount shall not be decmed.
to be consideration due for he delivery of good or provision of a service to the
Fund, but rather will be deemed to be remuneration for the financial medistion
process carried out by UCI

nh event bat on one and the same Payment Date (with respect Lo the period!
ruming between such Payment Date and the previous one) more than 7% of the
borrowers have exercised the right to limilatio of payment amount us per he.
CPI, the payment of item 13 of the order of priority of payments described in
Section V.5.1 af this Prospectus refering to ihe quarerly payment to UCL of
variable amount as remuneration or compensation for the Financial mediation
process shall be suspended. In such case, the said amount would be deposite
into the Cash Account until the Payment Date on which the exercise of the the
limitaion of payment amount as per CPL pertaining to the new period do not
excced Uhe above-mentioned percentage. The payment ol the said fee may only
be made in restiution subject lo agreement with (he Rating Agency. The
calculstion of the said percentage shall be made on the Determination Dates

Both the fixed fee for Servicing the Mortgage Loans, o be paid to UCI, us well
as the amount o be paid thereto as consideraion for its financial medistion
work, shall be paid, respectively, provided that the Fund has sufficien liquidity
“and in accordance with Ihe provisios of Section V.S.1,b), 2, of he Prospecto.

Furihermore, UCI, on cach Payment Date, shall be entitled Lo reimbursement of
exceptlonal expenses it has incurred on he occasion of mortgage foreclosure
andíor sale of propertcs, and subject o justifiction hercof in relation o the:
management ol the Mortgage Loans. The said expenses shall be paid provided.
at the Fund has sulficien liquidty and in accordance wilh the provisions of
Section V.S.1), 22) of the Prospectus in relation to the order of priority of
payments

b) Powers of holder of Mortgage Participations in case of breach ol obligations by

the mortgage debtor.
B')Foreclosure against mortgage debtors.

UCI shall spply the same diligence and procedures to claim amounts due and not
paid on the Mongage Loans us if dealing with the remainder of the loans in its
portfolio. > Especially, it shall bring the pertinent foreclosure suit if, having.
exhausted ihe internal time periods for actions aimed st obiaining payment
satisfactory Lo the interests of the Fund, they have not yielded he effect pursued,
ln any case, t shall bring the suid foreclosure íf the Manager, on behalf of the
Fund, and after analyzing the specific circumstances of the case, deems, in
sccordance with UCI, appropriate.

In addition, UCI is required o report daily o ihe Manager, on behalf ol the Fund,
any non-payments, prepayments and interest rate changes; and promplly any
payment demands, attstable notices to debtors, judicial suits, and any other

-66


vera

Prospectus May 205

OTE RE OANATON ON CARACTERES 0 ASES SECURE ROCA FO

circumstance alíectng the Mortgage Loans. Furihermore, UCI shall fumnish the

Manager with sll documentation Ihe later may request ol in relaion to the said

Mortgage Loans and, especially, the necessary documentation in order that the

Manager, a the case may be, may bring judicial suits.

In te event ol non-payment by a mortgage debto, he Fund, through its Manager,

shall have the following powers in accordance with the provisions of aticle 66 of

Royal Decrec 685/1982, of March 17, us amended by Royal Decree 1289/91, ol

August 2:

(6) To compel UCT to bring mortgage foreclosure.

(Gi) To participate, pursuant o equal rights with UCL, in the foreclosure brought
by Uhe later aguins he debror, appearing for such purpose in any foreclosure
proceeding brought by the former, and sharing in the proceeds of the award
“ón a prorated basis pursuant o ts percentage in ho forcclosed loan.

(Gi) IN UCI does not bring the procceding within sixty (60) calendar days from the
notarial demand for payment of he deb, for the case of the Mortgage Loans,
the Manager, on behalf of the Fund, shall have standing on a subsidiary basis
lo bring a forcclosure suit in respect of Mhe investee loan in the amount
pertaiming to the percentage of its share, for both principal and interest

(1) In case the procceding brought by UCI is halted, the Fund, duly represented
by lhe Manager, may subrogate in the position ol he former and continue the
foreclosure proceeding with no need for he above-mentioned time period to.
lapse,

In the cases contemplated under paragraph (li) and (v), the Manager, on behalf
of the Fund, may request that the competent Judge bring or continue with the
pertinent morigoge foreclosure proceeding, sttaching o its complaint the original
cenificate of the pertinent Mortgage Participation, properly broken down, the
motarial formal demand comtemplated under section (ii), supra and the
Registration Cenificaion of recording and survival of the morigoge, as well as a
document accrediting the balance lsimed,

IN legally necessary, and for the purpose of article 681 et seg. of Law 1/2000, ol
January 7, Spanish Civil Procedure Act, UCI shall grant in the Deed ol
Incorporation an imevocable power ol sttomey. as ample and sulficient as is
required by Law, in oder that the Manager, acting for and on behall of UCI, may
make a notarial formal demand Lo the morigage debtor of any of Ihe Mortgage
Loans for payment of his debi

"The Manager may also participate, with rights equal to those of UCL in the
Toreclosure proceeding and, in this regard, it may, with respect o the Mortgage
Loans, in the terms contemplated by Law 1/2000, of January 7. Spanish Civil
Procedure Act, petition to be awarded the mortgaged property in payment ol is
debi, The Manager hall proceed wiih the sale of amy properties so awarded in the
shortestimeframe possible pursuant to arm' length market conditions.

tachment suit against UCI.

"The Manager, on behalf of the Fund, shall be entitled to bring an atachment suit
against UCI, when Ihe breach of the payment obligation is noL a consequence ol
the non-payment by debtors of he Mortgage Loans.

sr


ver Prospectus May 2005

AER MEDRANO CARACTERES 0 ASS SEUA DRUG O ]

Once lhe Morigage Louns have been cancelled, the Fund, through lis Manager,
shall prescrve ult against UCI until the full performance of ls obligations.

e) Liabi

"The risk of non-payment of the Mortgage Participations shall be the responsibility of
¡he Bondholders. Therefore, UCI shall not assume any labiliy for non-payment by
¡he mortgage debrors, whether for principal, interest or any ciber amount they may
“owe under the Mortgage Loans underlying the Mortgage Participations.

IV UCP' policy for granting mortgage loans.
UCI warants to the Manager that Uh data contained in Ahis Section are valid and.

faitbfuly conform to reality. the criteria contained below having been followed in the
granting ol cach and every one of he Mortgage Loss.

assumed by the Assignor.

IV3.1 Description of the procedures established by the assignor for risk analy:
“and granting of mortgage loans (“Internal Memorandum”).

Introduction.

"The basic documentation, generally used studying the transaction ss follows:

1. Application form.

2. Regarding the home to he acquired: documentation submitied by applicant
regarding the residence lo be financed or regarding any other residence.
submitted as additional security for the transaction,

3. Regarding applicant's income:

+ Salaried employees: lat three payroll stubs and last ycar's Income Tax.
Retum.
+ Professionalindependent contractors: lat year' Income Tax Return,

Auhoritics.

"The commercial agencies have no decision-making power. Therefore, the risk

analysts of the National Authorization Center (N.A.C.) are the ones who verify

sil of the documentation, recalculating income, consulting he risk databases and,

“depending upon powers of attorey, cither deciding directly or presenting the

transaction to the N.A.C. Commitec or the Risk Commitce, as appropriate.

Evaluation.

In making use of hifas auhorities, Une one deciding on the transaction (analyst

NAC. Committee or Risk Commitee) evaluates that loam and issues a

preliminary provisional authorization conditioned upon the firm apprasal lo be.

períormed on the asses to be morigaged by Valtecnic Appeaisal Company and.

'n the verficaion of the registration data by he administrativo processors who

«ollaborate with UCI.

"he following basic crtera are taken into consideration in making Uhe decision:

+ Purpose ofloan: acquisition orrehabilitaion o residence.
+ Borrowers: Natural persons, of legal age, residents of Spain who are
purchasing their home and who mect the following conditions

* The professional stability of the aplican is analyzed, considering both
hc form of hiring us well as professional dynamics. Transactions wit

68


vera

Prospectus May 205

OTE RE OANATON ON CARACTERES 0 ASES SECURE ROCA FO

1va.

insuffcient stabilizy are reinforced. through bank guarantees or
sdditional security

= The maximum Financing percentage depends on lhe type of employment
contract. Generally speaking, ihe maximum is 70% for professionals
nd 60% for independent comtractors. These percentages muy be
xceeded in the case of alaried employees. In he case of civil servants,
ihe financing percentage may reach 105% (distributed 80% in a
morigage loan and he remainder in an associated personal loan).

= The selection process is supported by a statistical score based on the
probubilizy of non-payment in function of the customers profile and am
expert system which validats that the transaction mecis al of the rules
“o UCE' acceptance policy,

+ In all ransacions, the presence of he borrowers and guarantoss, ny,
in e risk databues of ASNE (Asociación Nacional de Entidades de
systematically checked. — If necessary, the CIRBE (Central de
Información de Riesgos del Banco de España Bank of Spain Central
Risk Information Database) is aso consult

Loan funding.

Once the defimiive evaluation and auhorizaion fommaltics have been

completed, ib signature OF he loan deed takes place before a Notary Public, al

vohich time UCI funds the loan. he Financing percentage awarded with respect

do he appraled vale oh colateral exceeds 80% tb delivery of funds would

ormally be made in two trnches:

- Y ranche: up to 80%, underthe form of a Morgoge Losa.

2% tranche: the exess over 80%, under th form olx second Mortgage Loan
or Personal Loan, as Uh case may be. These transaction, 1 hey mee ho
requirements established by the insurance company, shall be backed by
«redil insurance vbich covers the percentage beicon SOS and 970%. This
«ri insurance s formallyinstrumented id General Electric Mongage
Insurance.

1 there are any liens prior to he loun, the representative appointed by UCI takes
care of canceling them, withholding for this purpose the necessary funds, and
nsures the entire recording process, until UCT s mortgage is recorded as a first
mortgage.

Statistical information on number ol outstanding transactions, net lending,
“average APR and non-performing loans of the portfolio of Mortgage Loans.
"The following table shows the evolution in the last three years of he net lending.
in millions of Euros, average return (APR), together with non-performing loans
of UCTs portfolio (as per Bank of Spain criteria) prtaíning to mortgage loans
granted to individuals for the acquisition of residences in Spain:



ver Prospectus May 2005

AER MEDRANO CARACTERES 0 ASS SEUA DRUG O

CN CTO E TOS
parE | ourstasomo amo | anos el
on | rasos EN) 3
a50%|

55 | 260 | 057] 1125 1307

asno | 216800 | 5006 | 1578 0s0%

sia | 3ms2s | sa | 1598 046

5530 | 35551] 506 | 177 Ost

5838 | 39510 | asa | 2208 050%

sons —| 415233 | 4346 | 2500 060

0351 | amas pase] a Dar

essio | 520056 | 386% | 160 040

ess | ssetzo | 36% | 3500 Dag

In relation to the experience in prepayments existing in residential mortgage.
loans granted by UCI a a variable rate, the Annual Constant Prepayment Rate.
(ACPR) existing since origination is around 15% per annum. These data may
ot be established as an estimate of true futur prepayments

ion of portfolio of Mortgage Loans mobilizcd ihrough the Mortgage
Participations pooled into the Fund.

UCI warrants to Ihe Manager that the data contained in this Section are accurate and!
Faitbfully conform to reality, and assumes all Habilty for the inaccuracy Ihereo.
Homogeneioy of Mortgage Loans

"The Mortgage Loans which back the Mortgage Participations pooled into the Fund have
been granted to individuals for 1he sole purpose of financing the acquisition or
rehabilitation of esidences in Spain, as per Uhe marke''s standard criteria for analysis
and granting, Whereby hey may be considered homogencons.

Portfolio of Mortgage Loans

"The portfolio of Mortgage Loans which shall serve as a basis for the issuance of.
Mortgage Participation is formed by 9.044 mortgage Loans, the principal value of
which, as at April 22, 2005, amounted to EUR 1,049,012,750.75.

"The characteristics of the portfolio as at April 22, 2005 are detailed below

Eighuy-cight percent of the Mortgage Loans are subject to a variable interest rte, 12%
have a fixed interest rat the fist three years and the rest ata variable rate, and they are
loans whose average date of formalization is March 2004 and whose maximum maturity
date for the fed interest period is December 2007. The present average rate on Uhis
portfolio is 4.476

"The principal reference of the variable interest rate Mortgage Loans is the aggregate
IRPC for Savings Banks (savings bank mortgage benchmark) (72% of the portfolio) and.
the aggregate IRPH for Financial Instutions (2% of the portfolio). The remainder of
the Mortgage Loans are referenced to EURIBOR or MIBOR at twelve (12) months (25%

of the portfolio), and 1% of the portfolio, to EURIBOR or MIBOR at six or three
months, and to Public Debt

"The aggregate equivalent margin on the Fund's Mortgage Loans is 1.47%, and the
present average interest rate is 3.986

-10


vera Prospectus May 2005

CHAPTER NEORMATION ON CAARAGTENSTIS O ASSETS SEGURTIZEO TAROUON THE FUND ]

As enbancements Lo the isk of the Mortgage Loans, 21% of the portfolio has more than
ne first mortgage guarantee, tha is a fst mortgage has been established on another
propeny, 18% ol the debtors submited guarantors to the transaction, and 90% ol
borrowers keep hr paychecks automatically deposited at 1he Bani

Seven percent of the Mortgage Loans have the “Cuota Comodín” (missed payment)
feature. This is an option to which the borrower is eniled once per year dating the first
three years in he fe of the loan, o substitute the obligation to pay one (1) of his
monbly payments for capitaliztion together wilh Ihe remainder of. outstanding
principal. The substtuion of payment ol a monthly payment may not be exercised in
wo consecutive payments, even if peraining to different year, and is not permitted to
customers in a situation of non-payment. The principal portion ol the payment not made.
by Uhe customer is added to the outstanding principal and the impact ol this capializaion
is segularized at the time of calculating the new monthly payment in function of the
interest rate adjustment established in the loan decd. Due o the age ol the formalization
dates of the Mortgage Loans subject to this option, 2% of the Mortgage Loans have
exhausted the possibiliy of excrcising this option, 1% have one (1) year remaining, and
4% of borrowers who have Ihis option may use il during the next two (2) years
Presently, less than 1% of the Loan portfolio have used the missed payment feature in
be last yea.

Nor subject to Cuota] 93%
Comadín missed payment

feature
'Opaion exhawsted EJ
(1) one year remaining 1%
(2) wo years remaining 3%

The Mortgage Loans also present the option, in favor and at the initive of the
customer, to limit the annual grow of payments in light of possible increases in their
interest rates, toa maximum amount equal to 200%, 100% or 50% of the CPI (Consumer
Price Index) fo the last twelve (12) months, as published in the Bulletin of the National
Statistics Institute, one (1) Month prio o proceeding with the adjustment) in function ol
the interest rate adjustment periods (12 months, 6 months, or 3 months, respectively),
"his option is a sight of Ihe borrower which he may exercise at the time af the interest
rate adjustment. 1 due to the limitarion agreed, the entire debt would not be paid at the
end ol the original matuity of the Mortgage Loan, the borrower shall continue making
monbly payments unil the fall payment o! he debl, without this extension being able to
exceed the maximum period of seven (7) years from the said original maturity date. OL
UCP's total Mortgage Loan customer portíoio, 35.8% do not have Ihe possibility al
exercising this option, and of the remuinder, 02% have this option during the entire life
of the Mortgage Loan and due to the age ol he formalization dates, 1% only have one
(1) year remaining, and 63% of borrowers hold this option during th next two (2) years
The maximum maturty date ol he porfolio which has this option to limit the growih ol
the mortgage payment throughout the entire life of the loan is September 5, 2027,
hereby, adding the seven (7) years of extensio, the Fund's Legal Maturity Date (une
15, 2042) is not exceeded, _A year is taken to mean the twelve (12) months included
betwcen esch mortgage payment adjustment,

Nor subjet to payment] 33%
Limitation

nm


ver Prospectus May 2005

AER MEDRANO CARACTERES 0 ASS SEUA DRUG O

Option extuaasted Ena
One (1) ear remaining, 1%
"Two (2) years remaining 53
Entire loan if 02%

At he present time, none of the borrowers of the portfolio of Mortgage Lowns which
shall be asigned, in ihr majority, to the Fund, are limiling the mortgage payment

Breakdown of Mortgage Loan portfolio by type of product:

“TYPE OF PRODUCT % | AVERAGE | AVERAGE
FORMALIZATI | MATURITY

ONDATE DATE
dd/mmyyyy — | ddlanyyyy
“Cuota Fácil" (Easy Paymeny | 19% | — 11/06/2004 —| 301040209
Cambio de Casa” (Change House) | 26% | 07/04/2004 —| 30/07/2032
Tipo Fijo 3 años 12% | — 29/03/2004 —| 15/06/2032
nieml O AE
Rest of products” E AO

Nineteen percent of ihe Mongage loans have he first ihiny-six (36) payments
predetermined and progressive (“Cuota Fácil” — Easy Payment) (the fist years
payment will have at least the amount ol the payment lb no principal, the remaining
payments are progressive until reaching the amount of the normal financial payment
ih fourih year). Interest accrued and not paid will be added to principal pending.
amortizaion. As from he fourth year, the calculation of lhe new payment would
absorb the impact of lle possible principal grace period of the first Ahree years
*Twenty-six percent of the Mortgage Loans are “Cambio de Casa" (Change House)
mortgage loans granted for the purchase of one residence when the borrower has not
yes ol hs previous property..In this case both residences are mortgaged and the.

rower is granted a period of two years lo sell (he previous property, with the
ciligalon t ay loa amo! nos ls mes abia Ido ar
this residence. At he present time, 82% of this portolio has not yet sold its previous.
propeny. Twelve percent of the Mortgage loans are subject lo a fixed interest mie
orig the first three years (“Tipo Fijo 3 años" - 3-ycar Fixed). These Mortgage Loans
have an average formalizaion date of March 2004 and have a maximum maturty date
of the fixed rate period af December 2007. OF this loan portfolio, 70% is subject to a
Fixed payment the first three years and the remunder (30%) has a fixed payment the.
First six years, alihough the interest ate becomes variable in bolh cases as from the:
ibird year. As from that time, all loans come lo have thcir adjustable payment
referenced 10 he 12-month Euribor interest rat, as published by the Bank of Spain
(36%) or the IRPH Aggregate Institutions, or IRPC aggregate Savings Bank rats, as
published by the Bank of Spain (640%). The present average fixed rate on these loans is
447%.

"Two percent of the portfolio are loans riginated by UCI through its Internet portal or
th Superlínea telephone service. They are loans wilh an average spread of 0.15% over
Euribor and an average LTV of 59%.. The remainder of the portfolio of Mortgage.
Loans (41%) is composed of variable interest loans, adjustable anmually. half-yearly, or

a


vera Prospectus May 2005

CHAPTER NEORMATION ON CAARAGTENSTIS O ASSETS SEGURTIZEO TAROUON THE FUND ]

quarerly. and with no partcularty other han the “Cuota Comodín” missed payment
Teature and the option 0 limit the mortgage payment in function of CPI, as described
above,

"The following tables show the breakdown of the lowns selected according 1o ini
amount, outstanding balance, formulization date, maturity date, present interest rate,
reference rate, oulstanding balance broken down by provinces, ratio between ini
amount and present amount against appraised value, as well as the portfolio default
ate. Ts said tables have been prepared with information as al April 22, 2005,

[ TNTALLOAN AMOUNTS ]

Tnterval Amoants Loans

Tirousands of
UR) EUR) % No.
TSI265- 49,999.99 3835673 331 1137 1257
50.000.00- 99,999.99 21626725 — 1866 2840 3140
100,000.00 - 149,999.99 2789433 2399 222 25.12
150,000.00 - 199,999.99 2218947 1915 1293 1429
200.000.0 - 249,999.99 ISTÓ1463 1360 TIO 785
250,000.00 - 299,999.99 1OSSI7IS 911 388 429
300,000.00 - 349,999.99 BITIA7 723259 286
350,000.00 - 399,999.99 39.29560 339 108 119
400,000.00 - 449.999.991 930854 080 2 0%
450,000.00 - 499,999.99) 186300 016 4004
500,000.00 - 549,999.99 258352 022 5 005
550,000.00 - 599,999.99 LLoD0 009 2 00m
500,000.00 - 649,999.99 5100 005 1001
650,000.00 - 699,999.99 58900 0.05 1001
700,000.00 - 727,000.00. 144700 012 2 00m
Totals: —1,158,371,336.85 100.00 9/04 100.00

Maximum initial EUR 727,000.00

Minimum initial amount: EURTSI265
Average initial amount: EUR 128.081.74

nm


ver Prospectus May 2005
AER MEDRANO CARACTERES 0 ASS SEUA DRUG O
OUISTANDING LOAN BALANCES
Interval Outstanding Balances Losas
(ihousands of
(EUR) EUR) se No
9,03 4999999 ADISIÓO 390 1289 1425
50,000.00 - 99,999.99 23435609 2234 3064 3387
100,000.00 — 149.999.991 30037266 2863 2 2699
150,000.00 - 199,999.99. 214,656.75 2046 1379
200,000.00 - 249,999.99 11896603. 1134 537 593
250,000.00 - 299,999.99 SESSIOL 656 253 279
300,000.00 - 349,999.99 SOSISIT 482 156 17
350,000.00 - 379.129.99 2024260 192 56 061
Totals: — 1JM9,012,750.35 100009044 100.0
Maximum EUR 379,129.99
outstanding balance:
Minimum outstanding EUR 9.03
balance:
Average outstanding. EUR 115,989.91
balance:
LOAN FORMALIZATION DATE
Tnierval (dam) Outstanding Balances Losas
(ihousands of
EUR) se No
OOA/I9OT- 31/12/1999 5415.11 052 ENT
101/2000 - 30/06/2000 190846 018 5 058
07/2000 - 31/12/2000 246294 023 56 051
MOL/2001 - 30/06/2001 404234038 $53 09
07/2001 - 31/12/2001 507032 048 105 116
101/2002 - 30/06/2002 7261.09 069 pS 13s
07/2002 - 31/12/2002 665435 063 15 127
01/2003 - 30/06/2003 I7ATOS6 166 22 245
07/2003 - 31/12/2003 497699147495 57
101/2003 - 30/06/2003 JTÓSTAMA 3592 3,157 3490
07/2003 - 30/11/2004 ST2OD512 5452 440 4911
Totals: —1D49,012,750.75 10000 9,044 100.00

Maximum formalization date:

Minimum formalization dat
Average formalization dat

30/11/2004
30/04/1991
Duo6200s

14


vera

Prospectus

May 2005

OTE RE OANATON ON CARACTERES 0 ASES SECURE ROCA FO

a AS -

15-



ver Prospectus May 2005
AER MEDRANO CARACTERES 0 ASS SEUA DRUG O
CURRENT LOAN INTEREST RATES
Tnierval Outstanding Balances Losas

0) (housands of EUR) se No
25-39 STI58036 5505 4028 S1AS
4.00 - 4:49 LGS 20.14 1783 1971
450-499 DIBBTISE 2038 1924 2127
500-549 2476159 236 214 236
550-599 1977341 188 154 203
500-649 123925 011 5 006
650-699 3038 002 2 00m
7.00- 7.49 00 000 o 00m
750-799 10270 000 1001
500- 9.99 3768 000 1001
10.00 1200 2UBSTASA 20381924 2127
Totals: ——1DA9,012,750,75 10000 9044 100.00

12.00%

225%

398%

LOAN REFERENCE INTEREST RATES

Interval Outstanding Balances
(Codes) Tihousands of EUR) %
00 75928755 1237
or 260,763.58 — 2485
0 1102 00
03 247445 023
os 201973 209
06 382332 036
1 43.09 000
mí 45997004
Totals 1049.012.75075 1000

or

os

06

."

TRC (aggregare Savings Banks)

Earibor 1 year (Bank of Spain)
Esribor 3 months

Esribor 6 months

IRPH Aggregate institutions (Bank o Spain)
Mibor 1 year index of month (Bank: of Spain)
Mibor 3 months

Mibor 6 months

-16


vera Prospectus May 2005
OTE RE OANATON ON CARACTERES 0 ASES SECURE ROCA FO
Province Outstanding Balance Losas
inousands ol
EURO - No

OLALAVA 51500 005 7 oo
02 ALBACETE 09510 039 20%
03 ALICANTE. 255 2 da
0 ALMERIA. Ln NAO
OSAVILA, 020 Da
06 BADAJOZ on mo 126
07 BALEARIC ISLANDS 456 380 37
OS BARCELONA Hásaos 1090 500 sa
09 BURGOS 15937 017 16 0
LO CACERES 23007022 os
1 CADIZ asta 0 ES
12 CASTELLON E 4 126
13 CIUDAD REAL. 1047 058 on
CORDOBA NES M1
ISLA CORUÑA NS mo 2
16 CUENCA 00516 005 7000
GERONA 23 mu 20
18 GRANADA 17) ero
19 GUADALAJARA. Los 2 os
20 GUIPUZCOA. 288119 027 5 02
21 HUELVA. 1505543 17 A
22 HUESCA 12776 0d po
25JAEN $520 082 m0
2sLEO» 226 02 16 0s
2SLERIDA 023 06 Ss 0
26LA RIOJA 3aseso 030 7 0»
27 LUGO TS 0 os
28 MADRID, 2UIGOLIS 2036 ASI 161
29 MALAGA ASGor 16 CA
30 MURCIA BSD 08% 0%
31 NAVARRE 28513040 soy
32 ORENSE PES so on
33 ASTURIAS AS mu. 42
34 PALENCIA, 15 006
ASLAS PALMAS sm ss
36 PONTEVEDRA 179 168 as
37 SALAMANCA 23060 022 2 0%
SUTENERIFE 258 ys 104
39 CANTABRIA me o ia
IOSEGOVIA wo om
41 SEVILLE, costs 50674
43 TARRAGONA 2142736 16
SATERUEL 160.43 30 0
ASTOLEDO 1 205 29
6 VALENCIA 125 EA
47 VALLADOLID 7,5602: 706
48 VIZCAYA. 1626270 eo
IIZAMORA esa 7 00
SO ZARAGOZA 1050418 95 tos
TOTALS: 10012 13075 30441000

n-



ver Prospectus May 2005
AER MEDRANO CARACTERES 0 ASS SEUA DRUG O
LOANTO VALUE RATIO
Tnierval Amount Losas
0) (housands of EUR) No _%
457-3999 SS601ST 566 1062 11M
40.00 44.99 AGSIASA AOL 75 25
45.00 -49.99 STOTSTL 492 460 508
50.00 54.99 8544289 737609 673
55.00 -59.99 100.40430. 866 652 720
50.00 64.99 LA 91921 992 76% 84d
65.00 69.99 DOASIIL 1040 741 59
70.00 -74.99 143.70593 1240 919 1016
75.00 -79.99 JADOSIAS 2935 2543 28.1
50.00 54.99 8279403 713 809 804
55.00 89.99 534 004 5 005
90.00 94,99 00 000 o 00m
95.00 99.99 15626 0m 101
100.00- 136.05 64702 005 4004
Totals: —— 15837133685 100009044 100.00
Maximum seno EUR 727,000.00
Minimum amount EUR 751265
Average amount: EUR 128.081.74
Average appraised values 6562

18


vera Prospectus May 2005
OTE RE OANATON ON CARACTERES 0 ASES SECURE ROCA FO
OUTSTANDING BALANCE TO VALUE RATIO
Tnierval Outstanding Balances Loans
(5) “housands of EUR) _ Ge No %
001-3999 8604645 825 1433 1584
4000-4499 491892 468 467 516
4500- 49.99 5993697 57 suo 56s
5000-5499 TEASETI TAS 586 637
55.00- 59.99 BAZA 88860 7
6000-6499 OLTAT 874663 733
6500-6999 HADIÓS! 1086803 887
7000-7499 11377339 1084 899 904
7500- 79.99 HASTGOS 3287 2844 34
80.00- 8000 I7I7960 163 158 174
Totals: 1049 DI2750.75 — 100.00 9044 10000
Maximum outstanding EUR 379,129.99
lam
Minimum outstanding EUR 9.03
bala
Average outstanding EUR 115989.91
balances
Average appraised val 64.00%
LATE MORTGAGE PAYMENIS
Interval Outstanding Balances Loans
days (ihousands of EUR) No %
0-29 1.004,26938 9573 8615 9525
30-59 3412646 325 322 356
60-89 10029:57 095 100 La
90-110 58733005 6006
Totals: ——1DA9,012,750.75 100009044 10000

On the Date of Incorporation, UCI warrants that no Mortgage Loan will exist, payments
on Which are more than thity (30) days lat, as established in Section IV.1, a), 2 of this

Prospectus.

»-


ver Prospectus May 2005

CHAPTER V

NANCIAL OPERATIONS OF THE MORTGAGE SECURITIZATION
Fono

INFORMATION ON ECONOMI

VI Economic-financial structure of the Fund and synoptic chart describing the various
hypolheses and most likely estimated performance of the Fund's economic-
financial Mows. Balance Sheet.

The following shows a Balance Sheet for the Fund bearing in mind he various
ypotheses assumed in his chapter.

BALANCE SHEET
ASSETS LIABILITIES

Mortgage Paricipaions 2900.000.000 | Class A Bonds C867200.000
[Cash Account 10.550,541.60| Class B Bonds 9.000.000
Incorporation and Issue

Expenses 674.458.401 Class C Bonds.

¡Subordinated Loan
Total Assets 911,225.00 | Total Liabilities 911,225.00

VLA Hypotheses assumed in relation to the central or most probable indices of
prepayment parameters, ate payments, non-payments or charge-ofIs, with
respect to the Mortgage Participations pooled into the Fund.

"he tables which appear below refer to one of the possible scenarios which, wit
respect Lo income and payments made by the Fund, could mutrializo throw
tbc life of the Fund and of his Bond isue.

“he following hypotheses have been used in order lo prepare this financial
servicing table for the Fund:
1) Mortgage Loans.

6) Volume ot portfolio of Mortgage Participations: EUR 1,049.012,750.75
“as at April 22, 2005. As at he Pay-out Date, the amount lo be securtized
shall be EUR 900.000.000. approximately, as appears on Ihe above
Balance Sheet

(li Interest rate: the average interest rate of the Mortgage Loans is
EURIBOR + 1.47% and consequenty, the rate ol 3.98% per anmum
(0.23% per month) has been used to calculate the Fund's income flows.

(ii) CAPR: 156% per amnum; 1.259 per month

(iv) Default percentage: 0.60% per anmum, 0.05% per month.

(a) Charge-ofís: 0%

b) Bonds.

(i) Volume: EUR 900,000.00 of which approximately 20% will be
assigned to the Domestic Tranche and 70% o the International Tranche.

(Interest rate: weighted variable interes rue assuming that Classes A, B
and C Bonds interest rates remain constant at 2.264%, 2384% and.
263% respectively.



vera

Prospectus May 205

AER Y HEAD ON ECO FINE OPERAN OTE MOATOAGE SECURE O

(ii) Exercise by the issuer of the clean-up call on the three Classes Bonds

ben the Ouistanding Balance of he Mortgage Participations is ess than
10% of the initial amount terco

e) Supplementary Contracts.
(Ú) Cash Account: ii assumed tha he rating OS Uhe Banks shorterm debt

vil at 10 time fall from A-L as per the scale of SécP España, and that
iberefore, ihe Cash Account will remain at the Bank (alihough a
commitment by the Bank vis-ivis the Manager exists o transfer this
Account to another bank, in the event of a decline in the rating indicated
above, as described under Section V.3.1 of this Prospectus), and will be
subject o reinvestment by vituc of Ihe Guaranteed Rate Reinvestment
Agreement, Lo be entered into with the Bank

(y Subordinated Loan

« Volume: EUR 11,225,000 to be carmarked towards financing the
incorporation of 1be Fund and he Bond issue (approximately EUR
6T4458:40), to partally finance the subscription of the Mortgage
Pasticipaions (approximately EUR 541.60), to cover lhe temporary
honfll in the First Interest Accrual Period for am amount equal to the
difíerence lo be generated betwcen the interest on he Mortgage
Pasticipaions to be collected from the Pay-out Date (June 2, 2005)
rough the maturty date of the first four payments (June through
Sepiember) on the Mortgage Participations (September 5, 2005) and
le interest on the Bonds 1o be paid on the first Payment Date
(September 15, 2005) (EUR 200,000) and to fund the Reserve Fund
(EUR 10.350.000)

+ Interest rate: interest rate ol 26844

+ Repayment: the portion of th Subordinated Loan carmarked towards
financing the expenses rela to incorporation of the Fund and the
Bond issue and covering the temporary shorfal in the First Interest
Accrual Period Mortgage Paticipations, will he amortized quartery,
lo the extent hat sueb expenses are depreciated during the fist tree
(6) years from incorporation of he Fund and the Bond issue. The
portion of the Subordinated Loan carmarked towards partially
financing the subscription of the Mortgage Participations will be
amortized on the Payment Date subsequent to the Final Maturity Date
of the said Mortgage Participations (December 15, 2039) or, as he
case may be, on the date ol prepayment thercol. The remainder ol
principal on the Subordinated Loan shall be amortized on cach one of
be Payment Date in an amount equal 10 the difference existing
between the amounts ol the balances required of the Reserve Fund as
at the previous Determinstion Date and the Determination Date in
progress.

(ii) Guaranteed Rate Reinvestment Agreement

Guaranteed yield: 2.133% for amounts deposited into the Cash Account
(including the Reserve Fund). lts assumed that the EURIBOR interest

"


ver

Prospectus May 2005

[

On Y MESA ECONOME FRANCA OERATONE OTE ORTO SECRETO

w

ate applicable on cach Payment Date will be maintained at 2.1336
ring the entire life ol the issue.

(iv) Reserse Fund

"The Reserve Fund shall be funded with un initial amount of. EUR.
10.350.000 equivalent to 1.15% of the initial amownt of the Bonds (EUR
900.000.000), and sha remain fixed at this amount during the fist three.
years. The levels required from the amount ol the Reserve Fund shall be
established based om lhe lste payment rates OÍ Uhe Mortgage
Participation, as follows.

"Where the Reserve Fund reaches 2.3% of the Outstanding Balance of the.
Mortgage Participations, it may be decreased quarterly on cach Payment
Date, holding at such percentage until the Reserve Fund reaches a
minimum level equal to 040% of the initial amount of the Bonds.

"This is Ah general sul, provided that the Outstanding Balance of the
Mortgage Participations with Iste payments greater lhan or equal lo
inety (90) days s less than 0.75%, Should here be any variations in the.
late payment ate of he Mortgage Participation, he Reserve Fund shall
e subject Lo Ale erms below:

+ When, on a Payment Date, the Outstanding Balance of the
Mortgage Participations subject lo late payments greater han or
equal to ninety (90) days i between 0,75% and 1,25% of the
Ouistanding Balance of lhe Mortgage Paricipations, and the
Reserve Fund reaches 2.36 of ihe Outstanding Balance of the
Mortgage Panticipatios, he Reserve Fund may decrease down to a
minimum 0.70% ol the initial amount of the Bonds. The required
level for the Reserve Fund shall remain constan, provided that
such late payment rales are maintained,

+ Where, on a Payment Date, the Ouistanding Balance of the
Mortgage Participations subject to late payments greater han or
equal to ninety (90) days is greater than 1.25% of the Outstanding
Balance of e Mortgage Participatins, Uhe amount of 1he Reserve
Fund shall be equal to the maximum amount betwcen 0.80% ol the
Bond Initial Balance and 23% of the Outstanding Balance of he
Mortgage Participations. The required level for the Reserve Fund
shall remain constant at the level il had reached on the said
Payment Date until he Final Maturity Date of the Fund, in which t
will be used for the perfomance ol the Funds payment
bligations

AL the time when such circumstance does not occur, it may be
dccreased until reaching the required level
Fees

(0) UCI fixed fee: EUR 6,000 per quarter, VAT included, on each Payment
Date.


vera

Prospectus May 205

AER Y HEAD ON ECO FINE OPERAN OTE MOATOAGE SECURE O

o

vaz

vas

(ii) UCI variable Fee: a variable amount 10 acerue quarterly, on each
Payment Date, equal to the difference between the income and expenses
fe Fund for the suid Determination Period.

Current Expenses, inclu

(0) Manager Fee: 0.0225% per anmum of the aggregate Balances Pending
Payment on the Classes A, B and C Bonds.

(ii) Expenses for annual sudits of the Fund, publicaion of legal notices and
muinienance of the credit rating of the Bonds.

Analysis and comment on the impact the poble variations in the

hypolheses described in the above section would have on the financial

equilibrium of the Fund.

"The quality of the Mortgage Participations and the mechanisms for guarantecing.
the reierated financial equiibrium ol he Fund are such that lt is not reasonable
to consider such extreme prepayment percentages, default rates and charge-ofís
which, as a consequence of the required transfer of both Uhe risk ol prepayment
as well as of non-payment occurring in the underlying Loans, could cause the
Financial structure ol the Fund to become imbalanced,

'Numeric outline of Mlows of income and expenses of the Fund.

IMPORTANT NOTE FOR THE INVESTOR
"The information contained in the table below is for illustrtive purposes only.
and the amownis lhercin do noL represen a particular payment obligaion by the
Fund to third parti, on or during the corresponding dates or periods referred
ibcreto. The data included ibercin has ben prepared under circumstances
subject to continuous change.

"The numeric culline transcibed below refers to collections and: payments
deriving from the application of the cash principle, for greater claity ol the
investo, allxough, and in accordance with the provisions of Section V.2 of this
Prospectus, the Fund vil impute income and expenses as per time, in following
an acerual method.

"The said outline is based not only on the hypolheses mentioned under Section
VLI, supra, but also on he constant maintenance during the life of the Fund of
th said hypotheses and, as is well Known, he afTected variable, in particular he
interest rates on Uhe three Classes Bonds, as well as he actual prepayment rates
of the Mortgage Loans underlying the Mortgage Participations, are Subject to
continuous changes.

.


May 2005

ER Y HEAD ON ECON FINE OPERAN! OTE GAGE SECURE O

va

IDA
SUIDODIDRNEDCIDICIA SAA
ee

ODA A II IIIDAaon

CRRORSEDOCAOPIADIID DIS IIDIADEDIADOISIS5I830n

A mn

==



vera

Prospectus May 2005

Explanations to numeric outline
1) Collections.
(0) Balance of Reserve Fund.

(1) Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage Participations on the Determination
Date pertaining to cach Payment Date, after collection of he said
Mortgage Participation has been made.

(2) Payment Dates for principal and interest on the Bonds until the final
maturity thercof.

o

Amount of principal amortizcd on Ihe Mortgage Participation from the
immediately preceding Payment Dale ibrough the Payment Date
indicated

(4) Interest collected by the Fund from the immediately preceding Payment

Date through the Payment Date indicated for the Mortgage Participaions.

(5) Retura on the Fund's Cash Account, by virtue of the Guaranteed Rate
Reinvestment Agreement, as well as the return obtained on reinvestment
ofhe Reserve Fund.

(6) Total income on cach Payment Date, pertining to the sum of the
amount (3), (4) y (5),

b) Payments.

(7) Amounts. pertaining to cuent expenses of the Fund (periodic
administration fee, udit, rating, legal notices, publications, tc)

(8) Amount of interest to be paid to the Class A Bondholders

(9) Amount of interest to be paid to the Class B Bondholders,

(10) Amount of interest Lo be paid to the Class C Bondholders

(11) Amount of principal to be paid to the Class A Bondholders

(12) Amount of principal to be paid to the Class B Bondholders

(13) Amount of principal to be pd to the Class C Bondholders

(14) Amounts peraining to payment of interest on the Subordinated Loan
simed at financing the Fund's incorporation expenses and the Bond issue,
sa partiallyfinancing the subscription of Ihe Mortgage Participaions and
establishing the Reserve Fund

(15) Periodic amortizaion of the part of the Subordinated Loan carmarked
towards financing the expenses relatng to incorporation of the Fund and
ihe Bond issue. The charts do not consider amontizaion of the
Subordinated Loan in function of the reduction of 1he Reserve Fund
because we are not including such reduction as an origin, nor are we
including the portion simed a pata financing the subscription of the

Participation.

(16) Fee payable to UCI for administration o the Mortgage Loans.

(17) Amount to be paid to UCI for its financial intermediation efforts in
relation to the Mortgage Participation issue

as


ver

Prospectus May 2005

EIN Y EORMATION ON TE ECONO FINAL OPERAN OFTIE FO

(18) Total payments on cach Payment Date, pertaning to the sum of the
amount (7), (8). 9), (10), (11), (12), (13), (13), (15), (16) and (17),

V2_ Accounting criteria used by the Fund.

"The Fund will make a time-based imputasion of income and expenses by following the
acera method.

VS Description of the purpose or object of the financial transactions and credit
enhancements.

In order to consolidat its financial structure and procure the greatest hedging possible
for risks inherent to Ibe issue, the Manager, on behalf of the Fund, shall proceed on he.
same date on which the Deed of Incorporation is executed, to cxecute the following

'V3A1_ Guaranteed Rate Reinvestment Agreement and Cash Account.

The Bank and the Manager, on behalf of the Fund, shall enter into a Guaranteed:
Rate Reinvestment Agreement whereby the Bank shall guaranteo a yield an the
sums deposited by the Fund, through lis Manger, into the financial account
initial opened by the Manager in the Fund's namo, at the Bank. Specifically,
be Guaranteed Rate Reinvestment Agreement shall determino that ho amownts

be Fund reccives for:
(0) principal and interest on the Mortgage Participations;

(6) amy ¿ter amounts, assets or rights, which are received in payment of
principal or ordinary and default interest on the Mortgage Loans, or for
disposal or exploitation of the propertics awarded in foreclosure of the
mortgage collaeral, or as a comsequence ol the said foreclosures, in
“administration and incrim possession of Ihe properties in the process of.
being foreclosed, as well as all possible rights or indemnitics which may
result ín favor of UCI, including not only ihose arising out ol the
insurance contrucis assigned by UCI to the Fund, but also those ariing
ut of any right accessory to the Mortgage Loans, and excluding all fees
contemplated in the Mortgage Loans which shall be for the benefit of
vol

(ii) amor of principal of he foreclosed Mortgage Loans, from the date of
disposal ol the property. acquisition at the awarded price or amount
determined by judicial resolution or notarial proceedings

(0) — the amount which is contained in the Reserve Fund (as described in
Section VA) from time 10 time:

(5) he amount representing the return obtained on the reinvestments made.
with e amount (0, (3), (6) and 10), supra:

shall be deposited into the Cash Account

The Bank guarantee to the Fund, through its Manager, an annual yield on the:

amounts deposited into the Cash Account, equal to the EURIBOR at Uhres (3)

months or four (4) months for the Fist Interest Accrual Period (as defined in

Chapter IE of this Prospectus for the Bonds) during the quarter immediately

preceding cach Payment Date.

$6


vera Prospectus May 2005

PER: EORMATON ON TE ECONO FRANCA OPERATONS OFTEN,

"The calcultion of the yicld obtained on Ihe investments mude daily shall be
perlormed by taking the actual days and, as a base, year composed of Ue
hundred sixtyfive (365) days. Setlemen ol interes shall be monthly, five (5)
business days pio Lo he 15% of cach moni.

In no event shall the Bank be entied o dispose of any amount deposited under.
this Agreement, as an off scting of any debts the Fund may have o the Bank

In te event that the Banks short-tcrm debt should undrgo. during the life of he
issue, a decline in its raing below A-1 as per ihe rating scale of SAP Rating
Services) he Manager, on behalf of the Fund, shall transfer the Fund's Cash
“Account to a bank whose shortterm debt possesses a minimum rating of A-L,
“and shall contract the maximum yield possible for its balance, which may be:
different from the one contracted with the Bank, within a maximum period of
thirty (30) Business Days from the time in which such situation takes place, and
the Bank shall, subsequenily, cease carrying ul the investment upon the funds
available in the Cash Account being transferred to the new bank, and may later
trasfe to tbe Bank when its shortterm debt once aguín achieves a rating of Ac
1, as pere scale mentioned above.

"The counterpary ol he Fund in the Reinvestment Agreement st a Guaranteed
Interest Rate and Cash Account ball always remain with a minimum A-1 rating
(as per he rating scale Of SAP Rating Services).

In the event that the sum accumulated in the Cash Account exceeds 206% of the
Balance Pending Payment on the Bonds, Ihe Manager, on behalf of the Fund,
shall open a new secount ata bank having a rating ol A-L+ (he “Surples Funds
Account”) into which all such amounts which exceed the above-mentioned 20%
shall be deposited. In the event that the new bank should lose the A-Le rating
the Manager shall have 30 days to find a new bank witb he adequate rating. The
Manager shall notify S£:P España as far in advance as possible of th probability
of his event occurring.

In Ue event that the Manager, at contacting the maximum yield for the balance
of the Surplus Funds Account, opted for investing in securitis, such securtis
would need to have a minimurn rating of A-L+ (as per the rating scale of SEP.
Rating Services) with maturiy prior to he following interest Payment Date.

AL the present time, the returns on the Mortgage Participation which constitute
income for the Fund are not subject lo wilhholding, as established in article
59.K), Chapter Il, Title IV, of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, approved!
by Royal Decree 1777/2004.
The Guaranteed Rate Reinvestment Agreement sceks to comribute towards
miligating Abe risk of a time-based shorifall between the Fund's income for.
principal and interest on the Mortgage Participatios, on a daily basis, and the
redemption und interest payments on the Bonds. on a quarterly basis.

Va32 Subordinated Loan Agreement in the amount of Euros cleven million two
hundred and twenty five thousand (EUR 11,225,000).
"The Manager, on behalf of 1he Fund and Union de Crédit pour le Batiment S.A.
(“UCB”) (a company 99.93% owned by BNP Paribas) shall enter into with the
Bank a Subordinated Loan Agreement on a 5054/50% basis as per their creditor
position) in the amount of Euros eleven million two hundred and twenty five

s


ver

Prospectus May 2005

EIN Y EORMATION ON TE ECONO FINAL OPERAN OFTIE FO

housand (EUR 11,225,000), which shall be carmarked towards Financing the
incorporation expenses of the Fund and the Bond issue, and towards partally
financing the acquisition of the Mortgage Participatins, o cover the temporary
«horfall in the First Interest Accrual Period for an amount equal to the difference
lo be generated between the interest on lle Morsgage Participaions to be
collected from the Pay-out Date (June 2, 2005) through the maturiy date of he
est four payments (June through September) of the Mortgage Participations
(September 5, 2005) und the interes om the Bonds o be paid on he fest Payment
Date (September 15, 2005) and to fund a Reserve Fund to be applied on each
Payment Date, together with the remainder of Available Funds, as described in
Section V.5.1D), 1, of the Prospectus, to the performance of all payment
bligations or Wilhholding of the Fund, in the order of priority contemplated in
Section V.S., b), 2 of the Prospectus. "The said Reserve Fund is described in
Section V3.3 of this Prospectus.

"The Subordinated Loan shall accrue nominal interest per annum which results
rom adding 0.55% to he EURIBOR al three (3) months or at four (4) months
for the First Interest Acerual Period (as defined in Chapter 1 of his Prospectus)
during the quarter immediately preceding cach Payment Dat, and which shall be
paid only if the Fund has sufficient liquidiy in accordance with 1h order of.
priority ol payments established under Section V.S.1,b12 of this Prospecto.
Interest accrucd wbich must be paid on a given Payment Date shall be calculated
by taking the following as 4 base: (the actual days existing in cach Interest
Accrual Period described under Section IL10.L.) of the Prospectus, and () hrec
Pundred sixty (360) days

Interest accrued and not paid on a Payment Date, shall be accumulated, accruing
default interes at he same rate as that of hc Subordinated Loan and shall be
paid, provided that the Fund has sufficientliquidity, and in accordance with the
order of priority of payments contemplated under Section V5.L), 2 of the
Prospectas.

"The portion ol the Subordinated Loan assigned to Financing the expenses relating
to incorporation of the Fund (as described in Section IL14, a) o this Prospectus),
and that assigned to financing the expenses relting to the Bond issue (as per
Section ILI4, b)), as well as the part assigned to covering the temporary
imibalance during he First Period of the Interest Accrual shall be amortizod
quarterly o the extent such expenses are deprecisted during the first three (3)
yeass from the incorporation ol he Fund and the Bond issue. Noswihstanding
he above, he said portion of 1he Subordinated Loan may be prepuid. provided
at the Fund has sufficietliquidiy, in accordance with the order of priority of
payments contemplated in Section V.S., b), 2), and it is so agreed between the
Manager and UCL

"The portion of he Subordinated Loan carmarked towards partally financing the
subscription of the Mortgage Participations shall be amortized on the Payment
Date subseguent to the Final Maturity Date af the said Morigage Participations
(December 15, 2039) or, as the case may be, on the date of prepaymment thercol.
"The remaining principal on the Subordinsted Loan shall be amortized on cach
one ol he Payment Dates in an amount equal to Ihe difference existing between
lie amounis of the balances required ol the Reserve Fund (as described in
Section V33 of the Prospectus) on the previous Determination Date and

se


vera Prospectus May 2005

CATE ECT ESOO FRANCAS OPERA OTERO ]

Determination Date in progress (as described in Section ILIL3 of the
Prospectus), all of which provided that the Fund has sufficient liquidity in
accordance with the priority of payments contained in Section V..,), 2)

"his loan, because its subordinated, shall be deferred in ranking with respeto
several of the Fund' other creditos in he terms provided by Section V.5.1.1)2)
of his Prospectus, including, but not only, the Bondholders

v3.3. Reserve Fund.

“The Manager, on behalf of the Fund, shall fund a Reserve Fund against the
Subordinated Lown described in Section V.3.2, with he following characterisics:

(0 Amount

Li shall have un initial amount equal to Euros ten million tbree hundred and
fify thousand (EUR 10.350.000). equivalent to 1.15% of the initial amount of
ib Bonds and shall remain fixed at the suid amount during the first ree
years. Once il reaches 2.3% of the Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage
Participation, the Reserve Fund may decrease quunterly on cach Payment
Date. _As from this timo, 1he Reserve Fund shall reach the greater of he
following amouns and shll remain constant, depending on the late payment
rate of the Mortgage Participations, in the following amounts:

+ A minimum amount of 040% of the initial amount ol (he Bonds
when, on a Payment Date, the Ouistanding Balance of he Mortgage
Participations subject to late payments greutr han or equal Lo mincty
(90) days is less than 0.75% of the Ouistanding Balance of the
Mortgage Partiipations, alter which time it shall remain constant at
the said level as long as Such situation persiss: or

+ A minimum amount of 0.70% of the initial amount ol (he Bonds
when, on a Payment Date, the Ouistanding Balance of he Mortgage
Participations subject lo late payments greutr han or equal Lo mincty
(90) days is between 0.75% and 1.25% of the Outstanding Balance of
the Mortgage Participations, and ihe Reserve Fund reaches 2.30 of
the Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage Participatios, the Reserve
Fund shall reach a minimum amount of 0.70% of the initial amount ol
ihe Bonds. The required level for the Reserve Fund shall remain
«constant, provided tha such late payment rates are maintained; or

+ An amownt equivalent, on a Payment Date, to the maximum betwen
050% of the Initial Balance of ihe Bonds and 23% of the
Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage Participations, where the
Oxtstanding Balance of the Mortgage Participutions subject to late
payments greater than or equal to ninety (90) days is greater than
125% ofthe Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage Participation, The.
Reserve Fund sal remain constant al the level it would have reached
on the said Payment Date, tbrough 1h Final Maturity Date of the
Fund, on which it shall be used for performance of the Fund's
payment obligations.

A Uhe time in which such circumstance does not occur, it may decreuse until
reaching the required level

so


ver Prospectus May 2005

EIN Y EORMATION ON TE ECONO FINAL OPERAN OFTIE FO

Notwithstanding the above, in order that the Reserve Fund muy decrease on 4
Payment Date, it is a necessary condition hat none of the following.
circumstances shall occur:

4) That a Redemption Defict exists

b) That he Outstanding Balance of the Mortgage Participations is less than
10% of he Initial Balance.

e) That he average Weighted interest rate on the Mortgage Participation is
less than be average weighted interest ate on the Bonds of the ihr
Classes plus spread of 0.40%

(iy Vieta

"The amount of Uhe said Fund shall be paid into the Cash Account, and,
together wilh th principal and interest on the Mortgage Participations. shall
be reinvested by virtuc of the Guaranteed Rate Reinvesiment Agreement (as
described in Section V.3.1 of his Prospectus).

(ii) Purpose
The Reserve Fund shall be applied, on each Payment Date, towards

performance of ihe payment obligations contained in the order af priority of
Payments contained in Section V.1,), 2) of this Prospectus

Va Other Contracts.
VA. Issue Underwriting and Placement Agrcements.

"The Manager, on behalf of the Fund, shall enter into one Domestic Tranche Lead
Manager, Underwrting and Placement Agreement with the Bank, BNP Paribas y
Banco Sabadell and another Intemational Tranche Underwritins and. Placement
Agreement with the Bank, BNP Paribas and Dexia, by virtue of which, the
Underwriters and, in their respective Domestic and International Tranches, shall
proceed with the free allocation of the Bonds, for the amounts provided for each one in
Section 119.1 of his Prospectus and, once the Subscription Period has ended, hal
subscribe those Bonds which have not been subscribed. The Bank is also acting as.
“Agent Bank as por the Domestic Tranche Lead Manager, Undervriting und Placement
Agreement

The Underwriters, assume the obligations contained in Mhe Issue Lead Manager,
Underwriting and Placement Agreement, and which shall basically be as follows: 1)
commitment for joint subscription of Bonds which have not been subscribed, once he:
Subscription Period has ended, up to the established amounis; 2) payment by the
Undenwrites to the Bank in ts capaciiy as Agent Bank, prior to 2:00 pan. on the
Business Day following the closing date of the Subscription Period, for value that same.
day, of the face amount underwrtten by each one, ater deducting the portion of he:
underuriting fee accrued in their favor, by vine of the Issue Lead Manager,
Underwriting and Placement Agreements to he executed between them, and 3)
Aereafir, he said Agent Bank shall proceed to pay 10 the Fund, prior to 3:00 pan. on
he above-mentioned day. the amounts reccived from the other Underwrites plas the
“amount undervritenthercby less its underwriting fe.

"he sole cause for termination of the Issue Lead Manager, Underwriing and Placement
Agreements is in the exent that the Rating Agency (S4P España) does nol confirm,


vera Prospectus May 2005

CATE ECT ESOO FRANCAS OPERA OTERO ]

vs

prior 1 the star of the Bond Subscription Period, he AAA, A and BBB ratings on the
Classes A, and C Bonds, respectively

Rules of priority established in he Fund's Payments.
VS5.1 Ordinary rules of priority in the payments for which the Fund is
responsible.
Source and application of Funds.
4) On the Date of Incorporation of the Fund and Bond issue.

"he source and applicaon of the amounis available by the Fund on the Date
of Incorporation and aerwards, roushout he life of the Bond issue, shall
be as follows:

1 Sowree: the Fund shall have funds available as a consequence of the
following concepts:

3) Bond sue.
b)  Subordinated Loan.

2. Application: in turn, on the issue date, the Fund shal apply the Funds
described above, ntr alía, to the following payments:

3) Subscription of he Mortgage Paricipaions.

b) Payment of expenses relating 10 the incorporation of the Fund and
e Bond issue.

e) Funding of the Reserve Fund.
D) After the date of incorporation of the Fund through the total redemption of

the Bonds
1. Source: the Available Funds on cach specific Payment Date shall be the
as follows:

a) The nominal interest collected on the Mortgage Participations
Gncluding default interest) during cach preceding Determination
Period. The said amounis shall have been deposited into the Cash
Account in accordance with the provisions of Section V3.1 of this
Prospectas.

b) The yield obtained during cach preceding Determination Period for
reinvestment of the Reservo Fund, as provided in Section V-33, as
well as on the amounts deposited in the Cash Account and, if
aplicable, in the Surplus Funds Account, in accordance with the
provisions of Section V.3.1 of this Prospectas.

+) The amounts received for principal on the Mortgage Participations
during each precceding Determination Period, Such amounts would
have been deposited in the Cash Account, pursuant lo he provisions
al Section V.3.1 of this Prospectas.

d) The Reserve Fund, described in Section V-33 of his Prospectus.

o


ver

Prospectus May 2005

PTE FORT ON TE ECONOMIA OEA OTERO ]

+) Any ciber amounis which the Fund may reccive including those.
Wbich may result from the disposal of real properties awarded
ihreto, or explitation thereol

"The Available Funds shall be assigned to meet he order of priority of
payments, as established.

Available Funds for Redemption:

"The amount to be carmarked towards redempiion ol the Bonds (Available
Fúands for Redemption) shall be the lower of he following amounts:

3) The Accrued Redemplion Amount of the Classes A, Band C Bonds,
without distintion among the later, shall be equal to the difference
existing, in absolute values, between the Balances Pending Payment on he.
Classes A, Band C Bonds on the Determination Date prior 10 each
Payment Date and the Outstanding Balance of (he Mortgage Participatins,
having fest subiractod from th later a percentage of he principal amount
af the Morsgage Losns subject to a lateness in payment of the amownts
¡owed by a period greste han or equal to 18 months. This percentage shall
be determined in function of the time, specified in months of delay. n the
Payment of the amounts owed (T) and the ratio between the balance.
ending payment and the appraised value ("Loan to Value” /(LTV)) of the.
Mortgage Loan (ML) underlying cach Mortgage Participation, in
accordance with the following rules:

GLIV ma Tor 13 1
MONTHS | MONTHS | MONTHS | MONTHS

SOG=00%—] Muxs0% | Mix 75% | Mex 100% | Me 100%
osos mass | rasos | mia rss | Meios

a 10 0% Mixs% | Mx s0%

Example:
ML: EUR 60.000. LTV:65%

EUR 60.900" 50%: EUR 30.000 e 18 mos
MER 90.000 LIV 45%

EUR 90.000 * 25% : EUR 22.00 as 18 mont.

b) Depending upon the liquidiyy existing on hat Payment Date, the.
remainder of Available Funds, after deducting the amownts applicd to
concepts 1, 2,3 and 4. he order of priority of payments

2. Application: the Available Funds on cach Payment Date (respective of

he time of accrual) shall be applied towards performance of payment or
vwithholding obligations, as follows:

In th first place, the Manager, on behalf of the Fund, shall proceed to
apply the amount of the Available Funds 1o the following payments and.
vilbholdings, in accordance wiih the order of priority described below:


vera

Prospectus May 2005

CATE ECT ESOO FRANCAS OPERA OTERO ]

1

Payment to he Manager for ordinary and extraordinary expenses
of the Fund, including the periodic administration fee in favor
ihercol, payment of the adminisraion fee in favor ola Uhird entity
ot UCI in the event that UCI should be replaced as Servicer ol the
Mortgage Loans (dn 1h terms Of Section V.5.2) and payment to
UCI of the expenses it has advanced ar Iacumed or the account ol
the Fund on an exceptional basis in relation to he servicing of he
Mortgage Loans (for foreclosure of collatcral and/or sale of real
properties), al of which duly justifica.

Payment of interest om the Class A Bonds.

Payment of interest on the Class B Bonds.

Notwithstanding the occurrence of the Iwo circumstances below,
Payment of Interest on the Class B shall be made, provided that the
Fund had a remaindor deriving from the charging of interes on the
Mortgage Partcipations and the yield obiained by the Cash
Account and Surplus Funds Account, iy,

“This payment will be posponed to 6% place, he following
1) Tias, on a Payment Date, full redemption of the Class A

Bonds would have mot occured, and.

2 Tha on a Payment Date the amount resulting from

“dedacting from the Outstanding Principal on the Class A.

Bonds any ol he following amounts ls greater an zero:

+ The remainder ol Available Funds after deducting
ib amounts applied to the payment obligtons in
siem 1 tough 3, inclusive, ol hi order ol priority
ol payments.

+ The Outstanding Balance of ihe Mortgage Loans
paid curent or subicet lo less than 18 months late
payments on the previous Determination Dat.

Payment ol interes on he Class C Bonds.
Notwihstanding the occurrence of he Iwo cicumstances below
Payment of Interes on the Clas C hall be mado, provided ta he
Fund had  seminderderivng rom th charging of interes om the
Mortgage Particpations and the yicld obtained by the Cash
"his payment will be postponed to 7% place, ¿he two following
1) That on a Payment Date ful redempion of he Classes A. and
1 Bonds would have not occured, and
2) "That, om a Payment Date, hc amount resulting from deductng
from the Outstanding Principal on the Classes A and B Bonds
any of he following amounts ls greater tan ero:

9


ver Prospectus May 2005

EIN Y EORMATION ON TE ECONO FINAL OPERAN OFTIE FO

+ The remuinder of Available Funds after deducting the
amownis applied to the payment obligations in items 1
rough 4, inclusive, of his order of priority ol payments,

+ The Outstanding Balance of ihe Mortgage Loans paid.
current or subject to less han 18 months late payments on
te previous Determination Date.

Withholding af an amount equal to the Accrued Redemption Amount.

6. — Payment of interest on the Class B Bonds when payment is posponed.
from 3" place in he order ol priori.

7. Payment of ínteest on the Class C Bonds wben payment is posponed.
from 4? place in the order ol priority

$. Wilholding of a sufficient amount to maintain the Reserve Fund at ts
required level from time to time, in accordance with the provisions of
Section V33,

9. Paymentof interest accrued on he Subordinsted Loan.

10. — Repayment of principal on the Subordinated Loan in an amount equal
10 he deprecistion of he expenses relaing to incorporation of (he Fund
“and the Bond issue.

1. — Amontizaion of principal on the Subordinated Loan in an amount equal
10 he difference exising between the amount of the required balance of
the Reserve Fund as at he Determination Date in progress

12. Payment to UCL on cach Payment Date, of the fee for servicing the:
Mortgage Loans, equal to Euros six thousand (EUR 6,000), VAT
included, and through the Final Maturty Date on which the total
redemption of the issue takes place, L.c. December 15, 2039, inclusive
(or through the Payment Date On which the carly redemplion thercof
shall take place)

13. — Quarterly payment to UCI of a variable sum as remuneration or
compensation for the financial intermedistion process carried oul, equal
10 Ahe difference betwcen the accounting income and expenses for the
Fund, on the perinent Payment Date, except as provided by Section
v52

"The Funds Available for Redemption, coming from be withholding to be
carried out in accordance with point 4 of the order of priority of payments
shall be carmarked towards the aforesaid redemption, in accordance with the
rules comtemplated in Section IL11.35), 6 of this Prospectus. The fist
redemption payment on the Class B Bonds shall take place on ¡he Payment
Date On which the Balance Pending Payment on the Class 13 Bonds is greater
an or equal to 2% of the Balance Pending Payment on the Bonds ol the three
Classes and Class C shall star Lo redeem at ho time in which the Balance
Pending Payment ihercon is greater than or equal to 53% of the Balance
Pending Payment on the Bonds o he ree Classes.

V.52 Exceptional Rules ol Priority of Payments for which the Fund is
Responsible.



vera

Prospectus May 2005

CATE ECT ESOO FRANCAS OPERA OTERO ]

As established in item of he order of proriy of payments, he substiution ol
UCI as Servicer of the Mortgage Loans should take place in favor of another
entity, a fee will acerue in favor of the third party, the new Servicer, which will
o from occupying item 12 up to item in the above-mentioned order of priority.

In the event that on one and the same Payment Date (with respect to the period
running between such Payment Date and the previous one) more than 7% of the
borrowers have exercised the right o limilation of payment amount as per the
CPI, the payment of item 13 of the order of priority of payments described in
Section V.5.1 of this Prospectus refering o Ihe quarterly payment to UCI of a
variable amount as remuneration or compensation for the financial mediation
process shall be suspended. In such case, he said amount would be deposited
into the Cash Account until the Payment Date on which the exercise ol the he
limitation ol payment amount as per CPI periining to the new period does not
exceed the above-mentioned percentage. The payment of he said fee may only
be made in restiusion subject lo agreement wih the Rating Agency. The
calculation of the said percentage shall be made on the Determination Dates.

"Wilk respect to the Redemption of the Classes B and C Bonds, it will not take
place l'any of the circumstances comtemplated in Section ILIL3.bL: of his
Prospectus should occur.

os


vera

vi

vi

14

12

13

Prospectus May 2005

CHAPTER VI

GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE MANAGER

In relation to the Manager, except s regards its capital.
Corporate name and registered offices.

Corporate names Santander de Titulizació
Tialización, S.A.

Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de

Registered offices: Ciudad Grupo Santander, Avenida de Cantabria, s/n, Boadilla del
Monte (28660 Madrid).

Tax Identification Number: A-80481419
Business Standardized Classification (CNA.E.): $1 99

Incorporation and registration with the Mercantil Registry, as well as information
relating to administrative authorizations and registration with the Spanish
Market Commission (“Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores”;

"The Manager was incorporsted by public deed granted, on December 21, 1992 before
Madrid Notary Public Francisco Mata Pallars, under number 1,310 of his official record,
by virtue of the aulhorization af the Minisy ol Economy and Finance granted on
December 10, 1992, subject to a repor by the Spanish Securities Market Commission. It
was registered with the Mercamtile Registry of Madrid on January 28, 1993 under Volume
4789, Page M-78658, 1” registration entry in the Book of Companics and in the Special
Registry of the Spanish Secuitics Market Commission, on February 10, 1993, under
number 1

In addition, the Manager amended is by-laws by a resolution of ts Board of Directors,
passed on June 15, 1998 and processed as a public deed granted by Madrid Notary Publi
Roberto Parejo Gamir on July 20, 1998 under number 3,070 of his official record, in
order Lo conform to the requistes established for Asset Securitization Fund Management
Companies by Royal Decrec 926/1998, of May 14. Said amendment was authorized by
the Minister of Economy and Finance on July 16, 1998 pursuant to the requirements of
¡he Single Transitional Provision ol said Royal Decree.

"The Manager's duration is unlimited notwitbstanding the occurrence ol any ol the causes
for dissoluion established by law.

Corporate Purpose

According to article two of 1he Bylaws, the sole purpose of 1he Manager is: "the
incorporation, management and legal representation of Mortgage Securitization finds
under the terms of article ix of Law 19/1992, of July 7, on the scheme of Real Estate
Investment Funds and Companies and on Mortgage Securitization Funds and Asset

Securitization Funds, pursuan to the provisions of article 12, item 1, of Royal Decrec
926/1998, of May 14, regulating Asset Securiizaion Funds and Securitization Fund

9%


vera Prospectus May 2005

Management Companies. In ts capacity as manager of third-party businesses, it shall
be vested with the representation and defense of the interests of the holders of the
securities issued against the Funds it manages and of the remaining unsecured.
creditors thereof, as well as with the implementation of such other duties as are
aatributed by current law in force to Securitization Fund Management Companies

VILA Place where the documents cited in the Prospectus, or whose existence s inferred!
from the contents thercof, may De consulted.

The Bylaws of the Manager, accounting and financial statements of he Manager, as
well as any other document cited in this Prospectus, or whose existence is inferred
from the contents thereol. may be consulted at the Manager's registered offices
Ciudad Grupo Santander, Avenida de Camabria, s/n, Boadilla del Monte (28660-
Madrid).

This Prospectus vas registered with the Official Registics ol the Spanish Securities
Market Commission on May 26, 205. is available to the public ce of charge, al
th registered offices of he Manager nd o he placement Underwriter. Furthermore,
iu may be consultd al the Spanish Securities Market Commission in Made, at Pasco
de la Castellana, 1, and ar ALAF Mercado de Renta Fija, Edificio Torre Picasso planta
43 (43% oo) Plaza Pablo Ruiz Picasso, s/n
Once the Decd ol Incorportion has been granted and before he start of the Bond
Subscripuion Period, the Manager shall submi to the Spanish Securies Market
Commission an authorized copy of the Deed ol Incoporation. ln addition. the
Manager el, the clcaringhouse or the participating entity to which t delegats ts
dues, and ALAF shall have available tall imes to he Bondholders and he general
publi copies f he Deed o! Incorporsion for consultion purposes.

VIZ  Relating to Share Capital

VIZ2A Par value subscribed and paid-ín.

Santander de Tiulizción, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tiulización, S-A/s share
capital amouuts to Euros nine hundred one thousand sx hundred (iy (EUR 901.650).
represented by fitcen thousand (15.000) registered shares cach having par value of
Faros sixty and cleven cents (EUR 60.11) consccutively mumbered from one (1)
Urough fiin vusand (15.000), oth inclusive.

VL22 Classes of shares.

All shares belong to he same Clas and grant the same política and cconomi rights.

VI23 Capital evolution for the las hee years.

Since the Managers incoporaion on December 21, 1992 wi one hundred múlon
(100.009.000) pesetas, he Share capital has undergon variation twice. The fest one,
when it was increased in the amount of Fifty million (50.000.000) pets o total o
one hundred Gi millon (150.000.000) pesetas by capital increase deed and other
resoluions, exeeuted on July 20, 1998 before Madrid Notary Public Roberto Parejo
Gai, under number 3,070 of his oficial record, as registered with the Mercante
Registry of Madeid under Volume 4,789, Folio 89, Section 8, Page M-78658, 13%
registration entry. And the second one, as result ol Uhe redenomination of he bare
Capital and par value of the shares into Euro, hereby carying with capital increase
caused by the adjustment ol he par value ol he shares of Euros one hundred thirty-one
and cighyefour cents (EUR 13154), he share capital therefore changing from Pesetas


ver Prospectus May 2005

E A NOTE ]

ne hundred fifty million (ESP 150.000.000) (EUR 901,518.16) to the present amount
of Euros mine hundred one thousand six hundred fifiy (EUR 901.650), by deed of.
redenomination of capital by adjustment of share value, executed on December 13,
2001 before Madrid Notary Public Roberto Parejo Gamir, under number 4.426 of his
official record. a registered with Ihe Mercantile Registry of Madrid under Volume
489, Folio 94, Section $, Page M-78658, 26" regisraion entry.

VIS Information regarding sharcholdings.

'VI3.1 Existence or non-existence of stakes in other companies.
No stakes in any company exist.

'VI32 Company group ol which the Manager forms part.
For the purposes of section 42 of the Spanish Commercial Code, Santander de
Titulización, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tiulización. SA forms part of the
Santander Group.

'VI33 Holders of significant stakes.
"The following shareholders owned a direct stke, greater han or equal to 5% in the
share capital of the Manager, on th Date of preparation of his Prospectas:

Shareholder %
Santander Central Hispano Investment, SA. 19%
Banco Santander Central Hispano, S.A. 51%

VIA Corporate Bodies.
VI4.1 Board ol Directors.
"The Bos of Directors is formed by the following persons:

Chairman: Mr. José Antonio Alvarez Alvarez.
Directors: Mr. Ignacio Ortega Gavara

Me. Santos González Sánchez.

Me. Emilio Osuna Heredia

Ms. Ana Bolado Valle

Me. Francisco Pérez -Mansila Flores

Mr. Fermín Colomés Gral

Mr. Eduardo García Arroyo.

Me, Marcelo Alejandro Castro

Mr. José Antonio Soler Ramos.
Secretary non-director: M5. Masía José Olmeda González.

VI42 General Management.
"The Manager's General Manager is Mr. Ignacio Ortega Gavara.
VIS Aggregate interests in the Manager ol the persons cited under section VIA.

"The persons cted in Section VL-4.1. are not direct or indir holders or representatives
of any share or convertible bond.

VI — Manager's Lenders for over 10%.

9


vera

Prospectu May 2005

ERE ]

vi7

"he Manager has received no loan from any individual or entity.

Mention of whether the Manager is under any reccivership situation and the
existence of significant Iitigation and disputes that may affect, in the future,
capacity to carry out the Fund's management and administration duties as
provided by this Prospectus.

Not applicable,

e)


vera Prospectus May 2005

CHAPTER VI
RECENT PROGRESS AXD PROSPECES O1 THE MORTGAGE SECURITIZATION FUND!

"VILA More recent and significant trends of the Market, generally.
In April, he Euribor, which is he reference index used for most of the Mortgag
Loans granted in Spain, continuous and gradully decreased, it being 2.335%, at
the beginning of the month, and 2.2056, at the end of the month. Despite of such
decrease, April's index was higher than the 2.1630 index of Apeil last year, where
it reached its lowest rate ever.

"The gradual reduction of the Euribor proves that Europcan cconomy has not
completed lts growth, as etimuted at the beginning of the year. Consequenily, in
order to enable Uhe recovery Of the economy and the Consumer's purchasing
poner, in absence of infltion tensions in the Euro zone, the Central European
Bank has maintained the official inteest rate a 26

Most likely, the Euribor will maintain the above-mentioned rates, with slight
Variations, cer upwards or downwards, at least, until he second hall of his
year, where further variation of European official rates is expected.

Addiionally, 1he family supports option to external funding is increasingly
growing. particularly affecting the mortgage loan sector, with its peak in
September 2004, reaching 23.8%. According to the Bank ol Spain. in February
2005, not only the high level of progress of the last few months was kept,
increasing by 24%, but it also speed up 0.4 points compared with the January
increase, Al the end of February 2005, the banks had granted mortgoge loans to.
families for approximately Euros 7.000 million more than in January and Euros.
275.000 million more than in February 2004.

"The debt increase with regard to purchase of homes derives from the gradual

increase of he price ol housing. giving rise to the families being forced to request
er amounts in order to afford the payment of Uhe increasing price of

In the light of the aforementioned increase of loans granted by banks, Ue Bank of
Spain is maintaiing he risk control policy that allows anticipating to the
problems of excessive late paymen, considering the curent level of llowance for
“oubaful accounts as appropriste and maintaining the “statistics fund”, so that Uhe
sllowance level almost tebles the amount of doubul payment loans.
Nevertheless, the Bank of Spain remains cautious, specially at comparing the
Spanish debt increase to the Só increase in he rest of Europe.

100.


ver Prospectus May 2005

GER VE RECENT PROGRESS AO PROSPEOS O THE MORTGAGE SECUATZATO FU

VIL2 Implications that may derive from the trends under VILA above.

"The Mortgage Loans portfolio underlying the Mortgage Particpations, which
“owner shall be the Fondo de Titulización Hipotecaria UCI 12, is almost entirely
comprised of Mortgage Loans under a variable interest ate. This means that 2
furher decrease of Uhe interest rates shall mot afect loans under a variable rate
since such rates shall be periodically adjusting lo Ihe market interest rate
varitions. Otherwise, should there be a substamtial rate increase, the loans shall
be affected by a high carly payment rate.

Fdo: IGNACIO ORTEGA GAVARA.
- Director General
SANTANDER DE TIrULIZACIÓN,
SGFT,SA

10


