 
 
TDA CAM 4 
 
MORTGAGE-BACKED SECURITIES 
2,000,000,000 Euros 
 
 
 
 
 
Supported by Mortgage Shares and Mortgage Transfer Certificates 
issued by 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 
Paying Agent 
 
 
 
 
Placement Entities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Underwritters 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fondo de Titulización promoted and managed by 
SERIE A
1,952,000,000 EUROS
EURIBOR + 0.06%-0.12%
SERIE B
48,000,000 EUROS
EURIBOR + 0.20%-0.35%
SERIE A
1,952,000,000 EUROS
EURIBOR + 0.06%-0.12%
SERIE B
48,000,000 EUROS
EURIBOR + 0.20%-0.35%


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on March 8th, 2005. The "Folleto 
Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto Informativo"shall have 
any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
 
"TDA CAM 4, FONDO DE TITULIZACION DE ACTIVOS" 
1.Name of the Fund 
The name of the Fund will be "TDA CAM 4, Fondo de Titulización de Activos", hereon TDA CAM 4 or 
“the Fund”. The Fund will be established pursuant to the provisions of Royal Decree 926/1998, May 14th. 
The Fund is regulated in accordance with (i) this Prospectus, (ii) the Fund Regulations, (hereon, Fund 
Regulations), (iii) Royal Decree 926/1998, May 14th, regulating Fondos de Titulización de Activos and 
Sociedades Gestoras de Fondos de Titulización (hereon, Royal Decree 926/1998) and any dispositions 
that might develop, (iv) Law 19/1992, July 7th, Régimen de Sociedades y Fondos de Inversión y sobre 
Fondos de Titulización Hipotecaria, in respect to aspects not covered by Royal Decree 926/1998 when 
applicable, (v) the current wording of Law 24/1988, July 28th, of Mercado de Valores, (hereon Law 
24/1988) in respect of supervision, inspection, sanctions, and on everything else that is applicable, and 
(vi) any other current applicable legal regulations. 
The Fund will constitute a corporate asset which is not considered a legal entity its own right and will be 
balanced by its assets and liabilities. 
2.Sociedad Gestora 
"TDA CAM 4, Fondo de Titulización de Activos" will be arranged by "Titulización de Activos, S.G.F.T., 
S.A.." as Sociedad Gestora empowered to such effect and, hence, to exercise the management and legal 
representation of the Fund, in accordance with Royal Decree 926/1998. 
3.Securities issued by the Fund 
Series 
Amount (Euros) 
%
Coupon 
Amortisation Fitch Moody’s
A 
1,952,000,000  
97.6% 
3m Euribor + 0.06%-0.12%
Pass-through 
AAA 
Aaa 
B 
         48,000,000 
2.4% 
3m Euribor +0.20%-0.35% 
Pass-through 
A 
A2 
 
 
 
 
This information has been elaborated with the assumptions detailed in Chapter II.12. 
“Pass-through” is a term commonly accepted by the market to indicate that the amortisation of the Bonds 
is parallel to the amortisation of the assets endorsing the Bonds. In any event, the exact terms of the 
amortisation conditions must be consulted in section II.11. of this Prospectus.  
“Call” is a term commonly accepted by the market to indicate an early liquidation of the Fund. 
3.1. Amount, price and interest rate 
The aggregate amount of the issue will be 2,000,000,000 Euros constituted by 20,000 Bonds distributed 
in two Series represented as book entries of 100,000 Euros each.  
The price of issue of the Bonds will be 100,000 Euros, that is, 100% of their nominal value. 
 
CPR 5% 
CPR 10% 
CPR 15% 
Series 
Average life 
Call 
Average life
Call 
Average life 
Call 
A 
7.17 
26/03/2021
5.29 
26/09/2017
4.11 
26/03/2015 
B 
16.04 
26/03/2021
12.55 
26/09/2017
10.04 
26/03/2015 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on March 8th, 2005. The "Folleto 
Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto Informativo"shall have 
any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
 
Series A will consist of 19,520 Bonds, which will accrue an annual variable interest rate, paid every 
quarterly on each Payment Date, resulting from adding (i) the Reference Interest Rate, determined in 
section II.10.1. of this Prospectus, plus (ii) a margin between 0.06 and 0.12%, both inclusive.  
Series B will consist of 480 Bonds, which will accrue an annual variable interest rate, paid every quarter 
on each Payment Date, resulting from adding (i) the Reference Interest Rate, determined in section 
II.10.1. of this Prospectus, plus (ii) a margin between 0.20% and 0.35%, both inclusive. 
The margin to be applied to the A and B Series of Bonds, in percentages, will be determined by common 
agreement between the Placements Directors, no later than 11:00 am (CET) on March 7, 2005. The final 
applicable margin for the Bonds of both Series will be faxed to the Sociedad Gestora, before 11:30 am 
(CET) on March 7, 2005 by the Placements Directors. In absence of this notification, the Sociedad 
Gestora will set the margin at 0.12%, for the A Bonds, and 0.35%, for the B Bonds. Also, at the same 
date, the Sociedad Gestora will notify the CNMV as additional information to this Prospectus. The final 
margin will be certified in the closing deed. 
In any case, interest will be paid at the end of each quarter, calculated on an actual days over a 360 day 
basis. 
Default Interest: in the event of non-payment to the Bondholders, the amounts matured and not received 
by the Bondholders will not incur default interest. 
3.2. Amortisation of the Bonds 
The redemption value of each Bond will be 100,000 Euros, equivalent to its nominal value.  
The amortisation of the Series A Bonds will be subject to the amortisation characteristics of the Mortgage 
Loans and principal payments of the Bonds will be made quarterly on each Payment Date in accordance 
with the terms established in section II.11.2. of this Prospectus. 
The amortisation of the Series B Bonds will also be subject to the amortisation characteristics of the 
Mortgage Loans and will begin once the full amortisation of the Series A Bonds has been completed.  
3.3. Maturity of the Bonds  
The Bonds will mature on the date on which they have been redeemed in full or on June 26, 2039, (Legal 
Maturity Date of the Fund). 
The final redemption date of any of the Mortgage Loans grouped in the audited portfolio to be securitised 
will be April 11, 2036. 
4. Mortgage Share Certificates and Mortgage Transfer Certificates integrating the assets of the 
Fund 
The assets of the Fund will include the Mortgage Share Certificates (hereon, Shares or Mortgage Share 
Certificates) and Mortgage Transfer Certificates (hereon, Certificates or Mortgage Transfer 
Certificates) issued by Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo (hereon, the Seller) from loans granted to 
private individuals for the acquisition, construction or restoration of a residential property in Spain, as a 
first mortgage over a property valued by an Appraisal Agency. Some of the loans derive from 
substitutions of the private individual debtor of promoter loans. 
The Fund Regulations will formalise the issue of Shares and Certificates by the Seller and their 
subscription by the Fund. The amount of Shares and Certificates is yet to be established and their 
Outstanding Nominal Balance shall be equal or slightly lower than 2,000,000,000 Euros, on the Date of 
Constitution. 
The Mortgage Loans will include: 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on March 8th, 2005. The "Folleto 
Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto Informativo"shall have 
any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
 
- 
Loans in which the Outstanding Nominal Balance does not exceed, on the date of the issue of the 
corresponding Mortgage Share Certificates, 80% of the appraised value of the mortgaged 
property guaranteed (hereon, Mortgage Loans 1).  
Mortgage Share Certificates will  be backed by Mortgage Loans 1. 
- 
Loans in which the Outstanding Nominal Balance exceeds, on the date of the issue of the 
corresponding Mortgage Transfer Certificates, 80% of the appraised value of the mortgaged 
property guaranteed (hereon, Mortgage Loans 2). The Outstanding Nominal Balance of the 
Mortgage Loans 2 will not exceed, in any case, 100% of the appraised value of the mortgaged 
properties.  
Mortgage Transfer Certificates will be backed by Mortgage Loans 2. 
 
Mortgage Loans 1 and 2 providing cover for the sale of Shares and Certificates will be extracted from the 
30,569 mortgage loans with an Outstanding Nominal Balance of 2,263,140,254.34 Euros, on January 25, 
2005, and which integrate the audited portfolio referred to in Chapter I of this Prospectus. 
Each Share and Certificate refers to 100% of the outstanding principal of each one of the Mortgage 
Loans, and accrue an interest rate equal to the nominal interest rate accrued at any given time by the 
corresponding Mortgage Loan.  
As holder of the Shares and Certificates, the Fund will hold the rights acknowledged by current 
applicable legislation and rights inherent in the Shares and Certificates. Together with the payments made 
by the debtors of the Mortgage Loans, the Fund will receive any other payment received by the Seller, as 
servicer of the Mortgage Loans, including those derived from any ancillary rights to the Mortgage Loans 
such as compensation arising from insurance policies, payments made by possible guarantors, etc., with 
the exception of penalty interest, fees due for the recovery of unpaid amounts, as well as subrogation fees, 
amortisation and prepayment fees, together with any other commission corresponding to the Seller.  
The Mortgage Loans have been originated by the Seller from its customers following standard market 
analysis and credit criteria, and are managed in accordance with standard management procedures for this 
kind of operation. Further information regarding the administration services with respect to the Mortgage 
Loans may be found in Chapter IV of this Prospectus. 
5.Priority of Payments 
As a general rule, and in accordance with section V.4.2. of this Prospectus, the Available Resources of 
the Fund will be applied on each Payment Date to the following concepts: 
(i) 
Initial Expenses, Ordinary Expenses and Extraordinary Expenses, established in section III.4.3. 
of this Prospectus (except the commission to the Sociedad Gestora and the Variable 
Remuneration of the Participative Loan)  and taxes to be paid by the Fund. 
(ii) 
Management fees to the Sociedad Gestora, in accordance with section III.3.2. of this Prospectus. 
(iii) 
Payment of the Net Amount of the Swap Contract and, only in the event of the cancellation of 
such Contract as a result of a breach by the Fund, payment of the amount due by the Fund 
corresponding to the cancellation amount, if applicable. 
(iv) 
Payment of the interest on the Series A Bonds. 
(v) 
Payment of the interest on the Series B Bonds.  
Payment of the B Bond interest will be postponed to position (vii) in this Priority of Payments, 
1) in the events of the Liquidation and/or extinction of the Fund, described in section III.10. 
of this Prospectus, or,  
2) in the event that 1) the difference between i) the Outstanding Nominal Balance to 
Collection of the Bonds on the current Payment Date, and ii) the Outstanding Nominal 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on March 8th, 2005. The "Folleto 
Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto Informativo"shall have 
any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
 
Balance to Maturity of Non-defaulted Shares and Certificates on the Collection Date 
before the current Payment Date of the Fund is higher than 70% of the sum of the Initial 
Balance of Series B Bonds, and 2) the Series A Bonds has not been amortised in full. 
(vi) 
Payment of the Amount to be Amortised and the amounts due and not paid in previous Payment 
Dates of the Series A Bonds. 
(vii) 
In event of (v) above, payment of Interest of the Series B Bonds. 
(viii) 
Payment of the Amount to be Amortised and the amounts due and not paid in the previous 
Payment Dates of the B Series of Bonds, once the A Series are fully amortised. 
(ix) 
Replenishment of the Reserve Fund until it reaches the Minimum Level required. 
(x) 
In the event of the early termination of the Swap Contract, the Fund will receive the 
corresponding liquidation payment, with the exceptions established in (iii) above.  
(xi) 
Interest accrued by the Initial Expenses Loan. 
(xii) 
Interest accrued by the Subordinated Loan. 
(xiii) 
Fixed Remuneration of the Participative Loan. 
(xiv) 
Amortisation of the principal of the Initial Expenses Loan. 
(xv) 
Amortisation of the principal of the Subordinated Loan. 
(xvi) 
Amortisation of the Participative Loan. 
(xvii) 
Variable remuneration of the Participative Loan. 
6.Credit Enhancement affecting the Bonds 
A number of financial mechanisms have been incorporated to provide credit enhancement and liquidity 
support to the Bonds. Such features are: 
- Reserve Fund, described in section V.3.4.: 1% of the Initial Balance of the Bonds. 
- Technical Advance.  
- Subordination of the Series B Bonds. The payment of interest on the Series B Bonds will be 
subordinated to the payment of the interest on the Series A Bonds. Additionally, the amortisation of the 
principal on the Series B Bonds will not commence until the principal of the Series A Bonds has been 
fully amortised. 
- Fund’s Account and Reinvestment Account at a guaranteed variable interest rate, described in section 
V.3.5. of the Prospectus. 
- Financial Interest Swap Contract, described in section V.3.7. of this Prospectus. 
7.Rating of the Bonds 
On the Date of registration of this Prospectus in the Official Registers of the CNMV, the following 
preliminary ratings have been assigned by Fitch Ratings España, S.A. and Moody’s Investors Service 
España, S.A.: 
Series 
Fitch 
Moody´s 
A 
AAA 
Aaa 
B 
A 
A2 
 
8.Dates of Payment and Notification 
Payment Dates to the Bondholders: March, June, September and December 26th of every year or, if such 
day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day. The first Payment Date will take 
place on June 27, 2005. 
Dates of Notification of the amounts of redemption of the principal of the Bonds corresponding to the 
immediately following Payment Date: the 2nd Business Day prior to each Payment Date. 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on March 8th, 2005. The "Folleto 
Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto Informativo"shall have 
any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
 
9.Early Liquidation (Call) and final maturity of the Fund 
By virtue of the agreement established in the Fund Regulations and this Prospectus, the Sociedad Gestora 
is entitled to carry out the early liquidation of the Fund on a Payment Date following the Collection Date 
in which the Outstanding Nominal Balance to Collection of the Shares and Certificates is less than 10% 
of the initial balance, provided that the sale of the outstanding shares and certificates, together with the 
balance of the Fund’s Account and in its case the Reinvestment Account, allows for the total discharge of 
all outstanding obligations to the Bondholders and always in accordance with the priority order of 
payments of section V.4.2. of this Prospectus, and, when necessary, after all the authorisations from the 
relevant entities have been obtained.  
The Fund shall be terminated in the following cases, notifying the CNMV and the Rating Agencies in 
such events, in accordance with section III.10.: 
(i) 
When, in the opinion of the Sociedad Gestora, exceptional circumstances arise which render 
impossible, or extremely difficult, the financial survival of the Fund.  
(ii) 
In the event foreseen in Article 19 of Royal Decree 926/1998, that establishes the obligation to 
liquidate the Fund in the event that four months after the forced substitution of the Sociedad 
Gestora, due to insolvency proceedings or bankruptcy, no other Sociedad Gestora has been 
found to manage the Fund. 
(iii) 
When a non-payment that indicates serious and permanent imbalance of the securities issued 
occurs, or is expected.  
(iv) 
When the taxation regime is modified, in accordance with section III.6. of this Prospectus, which, 
in the opinion of the Sociedad Gestora, significantly affects and damages the financial balance of 
the Fund. 
In situations (i), (iii) and (iv) above, the liquidation will take place on the immediately following Payment 
Date and in situation (ii) above, when it is in accordance with current legislation. 
In any event, the Fund will be extinguished in the event of the following: 
(v) 
When the Shares and Certificates are totally amortised. In the event that all the Shares and 
Certificates have matured and there remain outstanding amounts to be collected and paid to the 
Bondholders, the Fund will be extinguished when 30 months have elapsed since the maturity of 
the last Mortgage Loan grouped in the Fund, even if there remain amounts to be collected, and 
no later than June 26th, 2039. 
(ii) 
When the Bonds issued are totally amortised. 
(iii) 
If the provisional ratings granted to the Bonds by the Rating Agencies are not confirmed prior to 
the Subscription Period of the Bonds, the Fund, the issue and subscription of the Shares and 
Certificates, the Initial Expenses Loan, the Subordinated Loan, the Participative Loan and the 
issue of the Bonds will be cancelled. 
If, at the time of the liquidation of the Fund payment obligations remains to be fulfilled by the Fund to 
any Bondholder, the Sociedad Gestora will proceed in accordance with the rules established in section 
III.10. of this Prospectus. 
In any event, the Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the Fund, will not proceed to extinguish the Fund nor 
cancel its inscription in the appropriate administrative registers until the assets of the Fund have been 
liquidated and the Available Resources have been distributed, in accordance with the Priority Order 
established in section V.4.2. of this Prospectus, with the exception of the reserve made to cover the 
extinction expenses. 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on March 8th, 2005. The "Folleto 
Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto Informativo"shall have 
any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
 
Following 6 months from the liquidation of the remaining assets of the Fund and the distribution of 
Available Resources the Sociedad Gestora will issue a notary deed notifying (i) the extinction of the 
Fund, together with the causes established in the Fund Regulations and this Prospectus which motivated 
it, (ii) the procedure carried out to notify the Bondholders and the CNMV, and (iii) the distribution of the 
available amounts in accordance the Priority Order of payments established in section V.4.2. of this 
Prospectus, and will make it public through advertisements in national newspapers. It will also carry out 
all other administrative procedures which may be necessary. This document will be forwarded by the 
Sociedad Gestora to the CNMV. 
10.Listing of the Bonds 
The Bonds are expected to be listed on the “AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija”, an official security secondary 
market created by the Asociación de Intermediarios de Activos Financieros. 
11.Registry 
The entity in charge of the accounting registry of the Bonds will be the Sociedad de Gestión de los 
Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. (hereon, IBERCLEAR), which will 
clear transactions effected in relation to the Bonds.  
12.Financial Agent 
The financial service of the Bonds will be conducted through Instituto de Crédito Oficial (ICO). 
13.Additional Information 
Illustrative Character of the Information: 
The information in the tables contained in this Prospectus regarding interest rates, amortisation of 
principal, average lives, yields, and especially the information contained in the Financial Service Table is 
provided only on an illustrative basis, and the stated amounts do not represent concrete payment 
obligations by the Fund to third parties on the corresponding dates or periods to which they refer. The 
data has been calculated under assumptions of interest, default and prepayment rates that are subject to 
continuous change; therefore, any investor interested in knowing the expected payment scheduled on any 
particular date should request the pertinent information from the institutions authorised to distribute it, 
which are listed in this Prospectus. As stated in section III.5.2. of this Prospectus, the Sociedad Gestora 
commits itself to make the information relating thereto available to the general public.  
Risk of non-payment of the Shares and Certificates: 
Bondholders shall bear the risk of non-payment of the Shares and Certificates grouped in the Fund.  
The Seller will not assume any responsibility for non-payment by the mortgage debtors, be it of principal, 
interest or any other amount due by virtue of the Mortgage Loans. The Seller will not, under any 
circumstances, assume any responsibility in guaranteeing, either directly or indirectly, the success of the 
operation, nor will it give guarantees or warranties, nor enter into agreements for Shares and Certificates’ 
repurchasing, neither in virtue of the Fund Regulations nor in that of any other pact or contract. All of the 
above is without prejudice to the responsibilities of the Seller in respect of the management compromise 
in respect of the Mortgage Loans, described in section IV.2. of this Prospectus. 
Risk of prepayment of the Shares and Certificates: 
The Shares and Certificates grouped in the Fund are subject to prepayment when the debtors of the 
mortgage loans reimburse the amount of the outstanding principal of said loans. As a consequence, the 
amortisation of the Bonds may vary in respect of the amounts initially established for each Payment Date. 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with the 
"Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") on March 8th, 2005. The "Folleto 
Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto Informativo"shall have 
any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Note Issue. 
 
 
Recourse in case of non-payment by the mortgage debtors: 
In the event of non-payment of any amount due to the Bondholders, the Bondholders will have recourse 
only against the Sociedad Gestora and only in the event that the Sociedad Gestora is in breach of one of 
its obligations described under the Fund Regulations and in this Prospectus. The Sociedad Gestora is the 
only authorised representative of the Fund vis-à-vis third parties and in any legal proceedings, in 
accordance with the law.  
The obligations of the Seller and the rest of the participants in the operation are limited to those arising 
from the corresponding contracts relating to the Fund; the relevant obligations are described in this 
Prospectus. 
Nature of this Prospectus: 
A prerequisite for the issue of the Bonds is its registration at the Official Register of the Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores, pursuant to Art. 26 and following of Law 24/1988, of July 28th, (Ley 
del Mercado de Valores) in its current wording. This Prospectus has been registered at the Official 
Register of the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores on March 3, 2005, in accordance with 
Circular 2/1994 of March 16th of the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores. 
The registration of the Prospectus by the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores does not imply a 
recommendation to purchase the securities nor a view of any kind towards the solvency of the Fund or the 
yield of the issue. 
The Sociedad Gestora is responsible to the holders of the Bonds for the information contained in the 
Prospectus. The present Prospectus does not constitute an offer for subscription, purchase or sale of the 
Bonds in jurisdictions in which such an offer is not in accordance with applicable law or to persons to 
whom their personal law does not authorise such offer. 
14.Participants 
Seller: Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo. 
Sociedad Gestora: Titulización de Activos, SGFT, S. A.  
Custodian and Financial Agent: Instituto de Crédito Oficial (ICO).  
Placement Director: Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo, Calyon (Spanish branch), J.P. Morgan 
Securities Ltd and Société Générale (Spanish branch). 
Underwriters: Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo, Calyon (Spanish branch), J.P. Morgan Securities Ltd, 
Société Générale (Spanish branch), Caja Madrid, EBN Banco, Dexia Bank, Fortis Bank and Santander 
Central Hispano. 
Arranger: Titulización de Activos, SGFT, S.A. 
Legal Advisor: Ramón & Cajal Abogados. 
Auditors: Ernst & Young. 
 


PERES a E SN e IS E Vr TETAS

Untsman" dal e Slug oia dc edo cen an e Fo metal
ea feto berto mondo e oe om

Fene Hainal e Had e Val e Span Seas Mara Cons "CMA on Mr, 208 Ts “sl

CHAPTER 1 4

Aaa Repo

CHAPTER IL 6
1 torino Reguera Requd Pra Agen
e E E Dc e a
asin and Lag o Borde

HAZ Pray Poyo

MS Forma Representa nd Acoaning Regato
18 Coman nd Related Expenses required ter y Investors vb Sub

O ui er le on ap do pc

AL Redompuon ce

A Esampls o Amon le Bore
Payne ah amoroso pompa e Ses Borde osas e gps de Pi Orba
Payments estable iso Y. 42 o Pope. except eva le posponemen men

MAS Ne lc lo de Barco (Ud
MAS Spa Camncos e Mmnge as Cos 2d Morga Ted E
MS Appa o Sabre Pis Scan

162 Lega Considera oe Bando e sacd
ES Paños vé Sacra
MISS Ari at de or

MaS Pesos lie Operan

MA Seco Conc



PERES a E SN e IS E Vr TETAS
Fene Hainal e Had e Val e Span Seas Mara Cons "CMA on Mr, 208 Ts “sl
Untsman" dal e Slug oia dc edo cen an e Fo metal
ea feto berto mondo e oe om

CHAPTER II E)
MZ Na Ecco Recta Pl CO
iaa. Descrpian ll Ae ae Fund a
Mo pia s

1. Osa O Nac lr
Lloro Esquidaos ad Terminal Fun
CHAPTER IV. 46

Iv 24. Genera Compromisos lo Sl admito
12: Sabia le Sl by Us Sociaad Gora, simio be Sres and Clics
VS. Modan o le Moa Lom

31. sencaItamatan an de Ponlo Manara
14: Vi peor ss
IZ Wal spot Sana E
AS Win sput Monas Loa rad Fu de pnl Srs ad Co pd de Find SS
CHAPTER V es
Y e pp Ci e ze

ente Pe Lol e dc yo Dr cdi de Py O

VS Dele arde >

emntandos te bone, ad slot expomes conser serlo il e pt by

Financial Agen apo a masia hol 3005) Ear as Tienes ml be par by e Fo, so

371 Luo Dat s



PERES a E SN e IS E Vr TETAS
Fene Hainal e Had e Val e Span Seas Mara Cons "CMA on Mr, 208 Ts “sl
Untsman" dal e Slug oia dc edo cen an e Fo metal

ea feto berto mondo e oe om

1372 Loqucaso Prod

323. Amos to e pag by By

VTA Mad a omar

CHAPTER VI

VE Rettig e Compa Excp o Cal
Regis Oleo

Corporate Purpose

LC Dec CC Ep y Pa Do DE Pc ME

Paria tn us Compa

Mo notan rogando BI

MIT see ami Lp Pos du Ma AGA De Ec nn Side
CHAPTER VII

vz ple Dei rr rd Mente e Previas Sin ss

Annexes mentioned in the Prospectus have not ben translated and are not included. They are
“available in Spanish upon request t he Sociedad Gestora, and can be found in the Spanish version of
he Prospectas.


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS

Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
[eman" daa rol lenguas hu) il dci md Laos de ME Pel Irma hno
eat rot moro lc.

CHAPTER I

PERSONS ASSUMING RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONTENTS OF
THE PROSPECTUS AND SUPERVISING ENTITIES

LA Persons Assuming Responsibility for the Contents o the Prospectus

Individuals Assuming Responsibility on Behalf of the Sociedad Gestora for the Contents of the
Prospectus.

D. Ramón Pérez Hernández (DNI $0.690.697-P), Director General of TITULIZACION DE ACTIVOS,
SGFT, S.A. by virtue ofthe power granted to him by the Board of Directors of the Sociedad Gestora
ld on Desember 16", 2004, assumes responsibilay on. behal! of the Sociedad Gestora lor the
onents of the Prospectus.D. Ramón Pérez Hemández in such capacity. conlirms the accuracy of the
contents ol he Prospectus and that there are no omissions of relevant data or any olhcr males that
*rould make the information provided hercin misicading

The registered office ol TITULIZACION DE ACTIVOS, SGET, SA. is located ut 69, Calle Orense,
Madri, and 15 Fiscal Idemtficaion Code (CIF) is A-80352750. lt has been registered with tbc
number 3 in the Special Register of Sociedades Gestoras de Fondos de Tindización of the Comisión
Nacional del Mercado de Valores.

12 Supervising Entitics

Reference to the Insciption of the Issue in the Official Register o the Comisión Nacional del
Mercado de Valores.

Tas Prospectus has boen recorded in the Official Register of the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de
Valores on March 3,2005.

Tas registration and subscquent recording of the Prospectus by the Comisión Nacional del Mercado
de Valores docs not imply any recommendation to subscribe for the secuntcs, nora view of any Kind
om te solvency of the Fund or yield ol he issue

13 Audit Reports

"he Board of Directors of the Sociedad Gestora during its mecting of December 16*, 2004, appointed
Ernst e Young, registered in the ROA. with number S0S30, as audios of the Pund for the fics 3
years. The Board ol Director of he Sociedad Gestora will designa the suditors ol th Fund for every 3-
car tem and vil inform the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores o such designan.

“Anmex 4 includes the audit report om te issue of Sharos and Cotficatest be grouped in th Fund camod
ut by Eimst de Yotng for Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo, in accordance with Aricie $ of Royal
Decre 92611998,

¡Said Report has been claborated from a section of mongage loans extracto from the 30.569 mongage
loans vih a balance, on January 25, 2005, of 2263.140.254.34 Euros, which intgrate the poníolo, and
as been made using samplng techniques hat Constr a CommonIy accepted pnocodures to vi the
register held a entes in relaon to a group of items ("population"), and allow he infrence of said
populaion by an analysis of number of ems ('sample") small han the total group. The level of

4


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS

Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Untsman" dal e Slug oia dc edo cen an e Fo metal
ea ee bald son nd reso o e No o

confidence indices th probabiliy ha ho cal number of items with devitions from an xisin trend
af population docs not excced a predetermincd limit ("precision

"he Sociedad Gestora decares that al the Montage Louns hacking Shares and Conificates groupod in
be Fund, in th fil selection to he made on the Closing Date vil belong to the ponfolio o which the
cit report applies.



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
[eman" daa rol lenguas hu) il dci md Laos de ME Pel Irma hno
eat rot moro lc.

CHAPTER

INFORMATION RELATING TO THE SECURITIES ISSUED

1.1 Information on Requirements and Required Prior Agreements

ILLI. Agreements of the Board of Directors, Granting of the Public Deed and any other
Requirements that may be mandatory in accordance with Aplicable Law

Tas constitution af ihe Fund, its subscription of ho Shares and Conificates and the issue of Bonds
have been suthorised by the agreements adopted by the Bound of Directos of the Sociedad Gestora
on December 16, 2004 included in Annex 2 0 his Prospectas. and by the Board al Directors af Caja
de Ahorros del Mediterráneo, on Octoher21, 2004, included in Annex 1 o his Prospecta

The Sociedad Gestora is quaiicd1o arange Fondos de Tiuización, and, accordingly, to administer
“nd legally represent hm. pursuant to Royal Deeree 926/1998

Tac decd containing the Fund Regulations will be drawn up prior o the beginning ofhe Subscription
Period for the Bonds. The Sociedad Gestora guarantes hat the contents ol the Fund Regulations will
e ínaccordance with this Prospoctus and vil coincide wit the Fund Regulations draft forwanded to
the CNMV

Pursuant to Royal Decree 926/1998 neither the Fund nor the secuiis issued by it will be registered
in ho Registro Mercanil (Commercial Registr)

LL2. Listing and Liquidity of the Bonds
This issue is expected to be listed on the AJAF Fixod Income Market
Tac cntty in charge of booklkecping of the Bonds will be IBERCLEAR, and will clear transations

efíocted in relation to the Bonds. Such tasks shall be carried out diecty by IBERCLEAR, through te
“associated emitir

IL2Prior Administrative Authorisation

No prior admiistraive auorsaion is necessary, except 1h general verfiaion regi of he CNMV.

13 Evaluation of the Inherent Risk of he Bonds

The Sociedad Gestora in its capaisy as founder and legal representative of he Fund, and he Seller, as
seller of the Shars and Cenificaes, have agreed Lo request Fitch Ratings España, SA. (hercon, Fitch)
and Moody's Investors Service España, S.A, (hercon, Moody") to asign ratings o cach one of the
Series of Bonds, in accordance vit ar 5.1.4) f Royal Decree 926/1993, (hercon, Rating Agencies),

Te following provisional stings ville asigned by the Rating Agencies

The Rating Agencies were commission to perform an evaluation of the Bonds and provide the ruin

terco.
6



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

Kite rating considerations

Fth's ratings to cach Seris of Bonds measure the ability of the Fund o comply with interest payments
on cach Payment Date and the reimbursemcnt of principal during the lif of the operation, and, in any
event, before June 26, 2089, in accordance wilh lho conditions established for cach Seres in this

Prospectus and in th Fund Regulations.

Flt's rating is based on he quality o hc Shares and Cetficaes groupe in the Fund, on th available
red enfancement and the leal and financial aspects of he Bonds issue.

The rating asigned by Fitch docs not constitute an assessment of th probabily tt the debros will
úprepay or smotis the principal o the Shures and Cenáficates, Th rating docs not ín any way comprise
“an assessment ofhe likely lvel o he yield for he investors.

In order to make ts assessment, Fitch has reed upon the sstements made by the participants in he
transaction, by s audios and Lawyers and by oxhor experts concerning the accuracy and completeness
ft information provided in connection with te rating and lts subscquent monitoring.

The raing assigned by Fitch upon the creation of the Fund is subject to revision, suspension or
witidraval at any time, on tc basis of any information of which they become aware or he absence of
information or any or reason.

Tic rating assigned by Fach does not constitute recommendation to buy, sel or etin th securiis,
Moody's" ratings considerations

Moody s assessment takes ito account the structure of the Bond issue, he legal aspects of Bonds, he
aracterstis of the Fund, the nature and characerisis of he shared loans and the regulaiy and
omimuity of heMlow o funds in the operation.

The rating assigned by Moody's does not constitu an assessment of the probable that the mortgage:
bos will repay or amore the pricipal, no san assessment o he xten to which such payments
may dillr from te original expecations The rating docs not in any way imply an assessment ol the
likely yield o he Bonds.

Tre rating assigned by Moody's measure the expected los before the Legal Maturity Dat. ln Moody's
úpinion the structure allows the Punto pay interes and principal during the if he transaction, and in
any event before lts Legal Maturiy Dat,

In order to make lts assessment. Moody has relcd upon th statements made by th participan in ho
transaction, by 4s audios and awyces, and by oxhor experts concerning the accuracy and completeness
ft information provided in connection with te ring and lts subscquent monitoring.

The rating assigned by Moody's upon the creation of he Fund is subjet 10 revision, suspension or
witadraval a any me, on th basis of any information of which it hocomes aware. The initial rating, as
well as any revision or suspension

- ls formulated by Moody's on the basis oa considerable amount of information reccived, and in
espect ol which Moody's gives no assurance as regards accuracy or complteness so that Moody's
hal notin any manser be considered liable

- Does not constitute and cannot, accrdingy, be interpreto in any manner as a. recommendation or
encontagement to Bondholders to proceed to cc any transaction in respect of he Bonds, and in
pasicular, o uy, hold, retin pledge or sel he Bonds.

1



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

— And ner does treficts te mark conditions, rt possible necds of any paicular inveto.
The absence of confimation prior to the begiming af he Subscrpúion Period of he provisional ratings
assigned to the Bonds, of both Serie, by the Rating Agencies, will constitute rounds for hc dissolution
fte Fund he Subordinated Loans, ht Swap Contrac and th issue of he Bonds

The documents in which the Rating Agencies grant he provisional ring to the Bonds are included as
Anmex 3 ofihe Prosptus

1L4Nature and Name ol the Bonds Issued!

The aggregate amount he issue is 2.000.000.000 Euros, divide ito 20.000 Bonds of 100.00 cach, in
to Series (A and B)

» 8900900 24% | Emb +0200-035% | Paestgh | A AZ

The Bonds ae egulated by Royal Decree 926/1998, bencfting from ihcir nature as fixed income
secu tha are homogencoas, tandas, nd therefore negotiable in organisod security markets.

MAL. Different Periodicity between the Flow of Income and Payments of the Fund.

Tas financial service of tc Bonds is cffeted from he flow of income of th Shares and Comifiates.
Tac Fund recves such income on a monthly basis and makes its payments on a quately basis, such
income being invesed in he Fund's Account and Reinvestment Account derng the interna period
etween receipt and payment, as specific in section V.3.. of the Prospectus. Credit enhancement
mechanisms are available, which cover up to a certain limit th risk of insufficiency of resources of
he Fund and which have been considered sulficient by the Rating Agencies for the purpose of
assigimg the rating to the isuc described in section II.3, of he Prospecta

Maz. Priority of Payments

Payment of interest and principal on the Bonds to the Bondholders are subject to the prioriy of
payments of the Fund as described in section V-42, of the Prospects.

143. Other Risk Considerations

143.1. Riskofnon-payment of the Shares and Certificates

Bondholders shall bear the risk of non-payment of the Shares and Centfcates grouped in the Fund,
taking into account he protection ofered by the credit enhancement mechanisms.

"he Seller docs not assume any ability whatsosver for the non-payment by the Mortgage debtors, of
hee principal, interest or any other amount that may be due in respec of the Mortgage Loans. The
Seller docs not, under any lb manner whatsocver, assume any responsbily for guaramecing,
ciber directly or indirecy, the performance of the Fund or give guarantees or warranis, or enter
ino any repurchase agreements for the Shares and Cerúfics, whether by vie of the Fund
Regulations or any other pact or contract. Alo! the above withouk prejudice to he responsibility of

.


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

he Seller in respec of the administration of he Mortgage Loans, described in section 1V.2. of the
Prospectas

1432. — Risk of prepayment of the Sharos and Certificates

Tao Shares and Certificates grouped in he Fund may be subject to prepayment when the borrowees of
the underiing mortgage loans prepay th outstanding principal.

Tas risk entiled by said prepayment will be transfered quanerly. on cach Payment Date. to the
Bondholders in accordance with Ihe rules of amortisaion described n section IL. o he Prospecta
As a consequence, the amortisation of the Bonds may vary in relation to the amount iniilly
established for cach Payment Date.

1433. Other Considerations

Limited Protection: An investment in the Bonds may be affected, among other things, by a downturn
in general cconomic conditions which may adverscly affect the payments of the Mortgage Loans
vwbich support tbc Fund. Sufficienly high defaults could reduce, or even climinate, he protection of
he Bonds against loscs in the Mortgage Loan pontoli, which is provided through thc credit
enbancemente describcd in section V.3. o! th Prospectas.

Limited Responsibility: The Bonds issued by the Fund do not represent an obligation of the
Sociedad Gestora or o the Seller, The cash llows available to cover payment obligations arising from
e Bonds is insured or guaraniced only in he speclic cicumstance and o th limited extent cited in
the Prospectus, With the exception o these guaramtees, no other guarantee are granted by any public
or private entity, including the Seller he Sociedad Gestora, or any other company affiliated o these
ntitics, or in which they have holdings. The Shares and Cenifictesrepresenting the Morgage Loans
“and rights tbey entl, constitute tbe sole source ol income for he Fund and, therefore he sole source
of payments to the holders of its liabiltic.

Limited Liquidity: There is no guarantee that a secondary market wi a minimum frequency and
liquid will develop for the Bonds.

In addition, in no case may the Bonds be repurchased by he Fund from the Bondholders, alhough
carly amorisatio of the Bonds in their ere is possible, in the event of the cary liquidation of the
Fund, when the Outstanding Nominal Balance to Collection of the Shares plus the Certificates, 5 less
han 10% of their initial balance of the Shares and Certificates, under th terms et out in Section
1-10. of Prospecta

Yield: The rate of prepayment of the Mortgage Loans may be inluenced by a variety of geographic.
economic and social factors, such as the age ol the debtors, Scasonalay, market interest rates and

nemployment

Tas calculation of the yield, average life and duration of the Bonds involves assumptions regarding.
repayment rats hat may not occur

Additional Interest: The existence of delays in Ihc payment of interest or principal to the
Borndholders shall in no cose result in addiional interest in hoi favour.

Leal Aspects: As of he Date a Constitution and issue of the Bonds, the Seller will grant a number
df Warrants and guarantccs on the charscteistcs of the Mortgage Loans and Abe Shares and

Cenilicates conceming the existence of the Mortgage Loans and any guarantee reli thereto, f
any, as well as the absence of any cbstace to th issue of the Shares and Certificates, and tir

9


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS

Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
[eman" daa rol lenguas hu) il dci md Laos de ME Pel Irma hno
eat rot moro lc.

conformity with the characteristics of he Mortgage Loans set out in the Regulations and in section
IVA. of he Prospectus. However, the Seller does not guaranec the credit of the debtors ol the
Morigage Loans. In addiion, such guaratees do not enable Bondholders to exercise against the Seller
any right, which they may have against tbe Fund: the Sociedad Gesora Is the only auhorised
representative of the Bondholders in relation vit third artics and in any legal procecdings relatd to
te Fund,

In accordance with the Fund Regulations and the Prospectus, the Seller has underaken to ac, as

regards th sevicing of the Mortgage Loans, using hc same Care as when dealing with any oler
Loan ins pontolo.

IL5Form and Representation and Accounting Registry

"The Bonds will e represented as book enrics, in accordance with Royal Decree 926/1998 and hey wil
e consttutd as such by vine of tir inscition in he corresponding accoumting regis.

"The Bordholdes shall be identiicd as such (on Uhr Bohalf ce wi Uhr parti) in the registry
maintained by IBERCLEAR, which will be responsible for maintaining the accounting regisy of ho
Bonds in accordance wih ic Fund Regulations, in such a way thu th clcaring and paymenis of ho
Bonds is cflctod in accordance with th rules cstablishod o tat may be cstablishod in he future by
IBERCLEAR. for secuics admite to listing on ho ALAF Markt and represented as book entr

IBERCLEAR, Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liguidación de
Valores, as ts registered dress in Madrid at Call Pedro Tera,

IL6 Amount of the Issue, in Nominal Euros, Number of Bonds and Amount of Each Bond

The aggregate amount of th isue of Bonds wil! be 2.000.000.000 Euros; the Bonds will e represented
as book entries cach with a nominal value of 100.000 Euros. 20000 Bonds in two Seres will e issued,

ASeries: 19.520 Bonds for atoal amount of 1952.000.000 Euros
Bieries: 4808 Bonds, fora oral amount of 48.000.000 Euros

11 Ettective nd Nominal Amount of Each Security

"price ofissuc o cach Bond will be 100.000 Euros, ars, 1005 fits nominal valve
"The redemption price of cach Bond will 100,000.00 Euros equivale tos nominal value

The Bonds of both Serics are denominated ín Euros. The Fund
Bonds" issue in Euros.

make al payments derived from the

IL$ Commissions and Related Expenses required to be borne by Investors when Subseribing for
the Securitics Issued by the Fund

The aforementiond price of isue shall be foc of taxes and subscription expenses for he imvesto.

H9Commi

ionsto be charged to Bondholders

Registration fees for he fis inscition at IBERCLEAR will e a he expense of he Fund, and il be
orransteable. There will nor be any commissions in respect of registration maintenance. The

1


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

“appropriate commission for subsequent registration at IBERCLEAR vil not be paid by the Fund but by
cach Bondholder.

Funihermore, ni associated with IBERCLEAR will e able 19 establish, in accordance with current
legislaion, he commissions and expenses due by the holder of the Bonds for the concept of
“adiminisrtion of he securitis as they freely determine, and which have been notficd o the Bank of
Spain ando the CNMV as supervising body.

HL1O Interest of the Bonds
110.1. Nominal Interest

Interest payments to the Bondholders will be mado, in relation to the oher payment obligations of he
Fund, according to the priority onder described in section V-42.f he Prospectus

Interest foral serios will accrue on the basis of Interest Accrual Periods. Each Interest Accrual Period
vil be the period betwcen two Payment Dates, including the fist day and excluding he last day of
such period. The fist accrual period will start ón the Closing Date including that date) and will end
on the first Payment Date, June 27, 2005 (excluding that dat).

Al the Bonds issued vil ba, from the Closing Date until tir final maturity, a variable annual
interest rate paid quanterly on cach Payment Date on the Outstanding Nominal Balance of cach Bond,

Tas applicable interest ate for cach one of th Serie of Bonds during cach Accrual Period will e the
sum ol he Reference Interest Rate, determined in the mamer established in th following section.
equal or bah Series and rounded to th nearest housandih of percentage point, taking into account
a, in the case that he amount rounded up or down is ideal, such rounding will be cfíected
vupwards, plus (4) he margin applicable to each Series of Bonds, sis established bolow.

Reference Interest Rate: Tho Reference Interest Rat for he determination of the applicable interest
ate for the Bonds of both Seres will be th 3-month EURIBOR, or a substitute if necessary, and vil
e determined as follows. EURIBOR is to markets reference inerest rate for the Euro.

Determination of the Reference Interest Rate for the Bonds: The determination of EURIBOR vil
ontorm to the males described in this section.

On cach Determination Date, th Sociedad Gestora vil
to he EURIBOR, as follows:

termine the Reference Interest Rate equal

6) The trce-month EURIBOR rate which appears on the REUTERS" screen, EURIBOR= page at
11:00 am CE. (Central European Time) on the Determination Date, "REUTERS" screen,
EURIBOR= page” is the page hat reflecis Ahe contents of page “EURIBOR=" on the
REUTERS MONITOR MONEY RATES SERVICE (or any other page that might replace it in
this service)

(Gi) ln absence of the rates indicated in part (1) the average shall be that of the threc=month
EURIBOR ste on the Detemmination Date wbich appears om "TELERATE” sercen
(CTELERATE SPAIN, S.A), page 248, (or any oxher page hat might replace tin this service)
a 100mCET

(Gi) In absence ol the rates indicated in paris (1) and (i) the average shall be hat of the London
threc-month interbank interest rates for Euro-denominated deposit operations declared,

"



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

simultancously, on the Determination Date by the following institutions around 11 am CET
(the rate will e requested simultancously 0 these entiis)

- Banco Santander Central Hispano (London office)
- JP Morgan Chase de Co (London)

- Barclays Bank (London)

- Confederación Española de Cajas de Ahorros (London office)

In the event hat one of above institutions do not supply quotes, the applicable rate shall be
the average of atesdeclarod by at leas two of he remaining inicios.

(1) Ine event hat the rates cannot be determined by the above mentioned procedures (1, (), and
(ii, the applicable rate shall be that which was applicable for the previous Interest Accrual
Period.

The Sociedad Gestora will keep copy of REUTERS or TELERATES pages, or in ús case, the
supplicd quotes of the institutions mentioned in par (si), as cvidence ol he type of EURIBOR
established

Determination Date of the Reference Interest Rate and the Interest Rate of the Bonds: The
Determination Date for the Reference Interest Rate for cach accrual period will be the socond
Business Day before the Payment Date and vil be applied to the following Interest Accrual Period
For hc fist Interes Accrual Period the Determination Date for the Reference Interest Rate will be
March 7,2005, before the beginning of the Subscription Period

¡Ones the Reference Interest Rate for the Bonds has been determined, and on the same Determination
Dare, the Sociedad Gestora will calculate and determine for cach Series of Bond the applicable
interest rate for th following Interest Accrual Period,

Marin o be applied o the Reference Interest Rate for each one of the Series of Bonds:

"hc murgin to be applied 10 the Interest Rate, determined in the previous paragraph, to calcuat the
interest mae to e accrued dering cach Interest Accrual Period by the Bonds af Series A will be set
between 0.06% and 0.12%, bolh inclusive.

"The margin to be applicd to the Reference Interest Rate, determined in the previous paragraph, to
calcule the interest ate to be accrucd during cach Interest Accrual Period or the Serics E Bonds
vil be set between 0.20% and 0.35% both inclusive.

"The margin to be applicd to the A and B Bonds, in percentages, will be determined by common
agreement between the Placements Directos, no tr han 11:00 am (CET) on March 7, 2005. The
Final applicable margin for bah Seres will e faxed to the Sociedad Gestora, before 11:30 am (CET)
vn March 7, 2005 by the Placements Directors. In absence of his notification, the Sociedad Gestora
vil st the margin of 0.12% or he A Series of Bonds and 0.35% or the B Series of Bonds, Also, al
he same date, the Sociedad Gestora will notify the CNMV as additional information to this
Prospectus. Th final margin il be ceiic in the closing decd.

Formula to calculate the interest of he Bonds: Intrest accrued on the Bonds of both Seris for
ach Interest Accrual Period will he calculated by the Sociedad Gestora according to the following
formula:


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

where:

2 isthe Outstanding Nominal Balance 10 Collection of the Bond at th beginning of the
Interest Acerual Period,
Lise total amount of interest accrued om the Bond during the Interest Accral Period,

7 is he Bonds interest rate on an annual basis, calculated as the sum of the Reference
Interes Rate ford relevant Interest Accrual Period plus the margin established

mise number of days in Interest Accrual Period

Example of interest caleulations for the Series A and 18 Bonds: the following margins for cach
¡Series have been tan into onsideration.

Reference EURIBOR 2.135

Margin —— InterestRate
A Bond Applcable rate. 2135% A 228%
B Bond Aplicable rate 135% 035% 285%

Number of days for the fist payment date: 105 days
Principal in Euros on which to calcula the interests f he fist Accrual Period: 100.000
Euros
EAN
Tazo

Interests accrued on an A Bond: 100.000 x 105/3060 —x 2255%
Interests accrued on a B Bond: — 100.000 x 105/3600 —x 2485%

Number of days in the Accrual Period: 90 days
Principal in Euros on which o calculae the interests of he Accrual Period: 100.000
Euros
5635
62125

serests ccrued on an A Bond: 100.000 x 90/360 —x 2255%
Interests accrued on a B Bond: — 100.000 x 90/3560 —x 285%

Performance of EURIBOR interest rates in past months: For informativo purposes only, the
following are 3month EURIBOR mates appearig on the Reuters page EURIBOR, on the indicated
dates: also, interest rates vhich would have corresponded to the Bonds in accordance with such
EURIBOR= ate th a margin 00.12% forthe A Series and 0350 forthe 1 Series

DOS 2 EOS
250105 2 EE IET
Zas 2 207
2u010s 2 297
2010s 2 20
1901 2 297
Suizos 2 2505



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

E 200 | 335
2900 22] 20
EME 25

AMET 2465
OT 2466
ENCON 247
EME 207
O 240
EME 158 2300
EN 2052 202
OA 2005 Za

1102, Dates, Place and Procedure for the Payment of he coupons

Interest payments on hc Bonds of bolh Series will he made quaricely on March, June, September and
December 261 of every year until the Bonds are completely amorised, In the case that one ol such
days isnot a Business Day e interest fr he quarter will be paid on the following Business Day.

In he event that on a Payment Date, and despite ho mechanisms established or ho protection of the
righns of the Bondholders the Available Resources of the Fund, defined further on, are nt suficient
to satisIy all of the payment obligations of the Fund as specific in section V.42, of the Prospects,
the amount avlabe or the payment ol interest or principal vil be distributed in accordance with th
priority of allocaions established in such sccion. ln ho case that the Available Resources ae only
“suffcient to pataly atisIy the obligatons wit the same priority o alocation, the amount available
vil be divided proportionatly among the Bonds affected in proportion o cir Outstanding Nominal
Balances to Collection. The amounts not received by Bondholders on such date will be deemed as a
ending payment and will he paid on the following Payment Date on which such payment is possible,
vwithout accruing additional interest, Amownts due but not paid to the Bondholders will be paid on the
following Payment Date (f possible, with priority immediately before Ihe payments due to the
Bondholders of that same Series, for the Interest Accrual Period ending on such Payment Date. The
ioity of allocaion o payments s set ut in section V-42, of the Prospectas.

Withbolding and other taxes, as well a any taxes that may be imposed in the future on th principal
intere, or reuras of hc Bonds wil be the exclusive responsbiliy of the Bondholders and such
“amounts vil be deducted, as appropriate, by the designated entity in th form legally established.

Payment vill he made through the Financial Agent (/nstituso de Crédito Oficial), and distributed
rough IBERCLEAR, or the ey replacing land its associated ette,

1103, Position o the interes of the Bonds in the priority order of payments

Payment of interest accrued by Series A Bonds oceupis th fourth position in the Priority Order of
Payments establish in section V-42,olthis Prospetus

Payment of inerest acerued by Series E Bonds occupics hc fi position in the Priority Order of
Payments established in section V-4.2. of his Prospectas, except in the event of is postponemen when t
vil occupy the scventh position.

ma

IL11.1 Redemption Price


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

Tas redempáicn value af cach Bond will he 100.000.00 Euros, equivalent to ts nominal vals, fre of
expenses and taxes for the Bondholder, to be paid progresively on every Payment Date as is
established in the folowing sections.

1112, Amortisation of the Bonds
Tas amontsation of he Series 3 Bonds will begin once the Seics A Bonds are fully amortised.
Tas amortisation of the Series A and 1 Bonds will take place pro rata among the Bonds of the Series

ue to be amortised (in accordance with he following paragraphs), through a reduction of the nominal
“amount, until its redecmed in full on cach Payment Date

(On cach Payment Dat, the Amount o be Amoriscd shall be ho positive difierence between the
Outstanding Nominal Balance to Matriy o the Bonds (before the amortsation o take place on such
Payment Date) and the Outstanding Nominal Balance to Maturiy of the non-Defaulted Shares and
Ceniicaes on th last day of th month prior to the mon of he Payment Date

Tas Amount to be Amontised and he amounts du and not paid from the Bonds on previous Payment
Dates shall e paid, from the Available Resources, for an amount equal 1 the leer of the following

(a) le positive difference on such Payment Date, between the Outstanding Nominal Balance to
Collection of the Bonds (prior to the amortiation to be cfíccied on that Payment Date) and the
Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Non:defautd Shares and Corificates conesponding to the last day
fte month prior to th Payment Date, ad

(b) he Available Resources on tt Payment Dat, minus the amount corresponding to he payments due
on tas Payment Date as define in pasgraps() rough (v) o he prioriy order of payments in section
1.42, of Prospectas.

“As a consequence,defaulted Shares and Certificates (those for which the corresponding Mortgage Loans
ae a payment delay of 12 months) vil scsult in the amonisuion of the Bond in an amount equivalent
to the Outstanding Nominal Balance to Mati corresponding to the lat day of natural month price
to the curent Payment Dat, plus amoumts matured and not colleted sine the last Payment Date. For.
this amortisation the Available Resources ol tbc Fund wil be used, following te payment of the
ompromises proceding tin e Prior Order describo in section V-4.2. of th Prospocts. In th event
Abat tere are no Available Resources to effet the payments, the comesponding amownts will remain
¿tstanding until te immediately following Payment Dat.

In the event that the replacement of he Shares and Centiiats, as established in section IV.LD, is not
possible, he amount orginating rom the arly amortisain, on behalf the Seller of he Shares andícr

Cestfiats, will become par of the Available Resources 19 be applicd, on the immeditly following
Payment Date, to the amortisatio o he Bonds.

IL113, Maturity of the Bonds issued

Amonisarion af he Bonds of both Series will take place on the Payment Date on which they are fully
edecmed or on June 26, 2039 (Legal Maturiy Date of hc Fund)

Tas lat scheduled amontisaion dae of the Mortgage Louns grosped in the securitised portfolio will
e April 11, 2036.

IL11.4. Examples of Amortisation of the Bonds Issued
15



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

(On September 26, 2006 i is expected that an amount of principal Series A Bonds will e redeemed.
This redemption e expected to ho cqual to the pro rata distribution among cach Bond of the Available
Resources and always in accordance with the priority order esuablistod in section V.42, of the
Prospectus. As a conseguence, the following reduction of the nominal principal amount of every
¡Series A Bond will take place; be amount will bc equal to the pro rta distribution among cach Series
A Bond of) the amount reccived by the Seller from June 1, 2006 to August 31, 2006, as principal
(cegular and crly amotiatio) the Non-Defaulted Shar and Cerifiats, including the Technical
“Advance roccived and the principal matured and not collected from the Non-defaulled Shares and
Cenificates on such Payment Date; plus (i) the Outstanding Nominal Balance 19 Maturiy of the
Detailed Shares and Cerúictes from that same period.

Under normal conditions af the cxoluion of he Fund this amount will e equal to the amount detailed
in section IL.11.2 (a) of he Prospeets,

Publiciy regarding Amounts to be paid and Entitis responsible for the Financial Service of the
Issue: Insituto de Crédico Oficial (ICO) will ct s the Financial Agent. The payment o interes and
principal will be announced in national newspapers or ihrough other channels generally accopted in
the market like the AlAF Bulletin, or any oher which might substitute 1 in the future or of similar
haracteisics, which ensure the appropriate diffisio of the information, on 3 timely and adequate
basis. Addiionall, such notification may be effected through the Internet web ste of e Sociedad
Gestora (www 1da-sgfcom)

"Notification of payments o be made by the Fund on cach Payment Date will take place on the second
Business Day prior to cach Payment Date, until he final liquidacion of the Fund,

Peridie information to be provided by the Fund is described in section NS 2.

ILL, Posii

ion of the amortisation o the Bonds in the priority order of payments

Payment of he amomisaion of pricipal of Seris A Bonds oceupies the siih position in the Priority
Order Payments established in section V.42, 0 is Prospecta

Payment of the amortisation of principal of Series B Bonds oceupies the cighth position in the
Priority Order of Payments established in section V-42. of this Prospectus, except in the event
fits pastponement when it will occupy the seventh pos

112 Financial Service of the Fund

The financial service of the Bonds will be cflctod twough Jnstiuto de Crédito Oficial (1CO), an
insútation appoited as Financial Agent by vinue of the Financial Service Contract entered into by
Insnao de Crédio Oficial (ICO) and e Sociedad Gestora on behalf he Fund, according to which al
payments to be made to Bondholders by te Fund will be made rough the Financial Agent. The
Bondholders vil be noti f payments of both principal and interes in accordance with and within he
time speciicd in section 1-1 1.4.0 he Prospecta

"hc dlfrent parameters ote Bonds for diferent Rates of Prepayment (CPR),asuming he hypotheses
described in section V.LL of the Prospects, would be he following:

16



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

“The Average Life of e Bonds has hocn calculated using th following formal

Yi.
n£
¿

AS Average Life expresedin year.

Principalt be amortsed on cach Payment Date

m2 Months between the Closing Date and cuch Payment Date
1=  1,....n Numberol quartrs (Payment Dates) in which th B, amounis will be paid.
=> Total Amount of csch Series in Euros.

Duration of the Bonds: The concept of duraon, when applied o a fixed-income Bond, according to
Macaulay's commonly used definition, isa measure o he sensiiviy o he value of aser relation
o the change of an index representative of yild obscrtcd in the market, ln hon th duration is a
measure of he risk of a change in the value of the Bond asa conseguence of he change in the yild fs
market references, Therefore, this risk measure has a difcrnt interpretation for variable rue bonds and
Fixed rate bond.

LE the Bonds (Series A and 1) isued by the Fund are considered as fised.atesecuiis for he entire lit
ab tbe Bond, with a quartely coupon indicated in th folowing table, the doraions resulting from the
“application Of the modilicd Macaulay formula, shown in years, coresponding to porfolio prepayment
tes of 56, 10% y 15% would be

Dasraion of the Bonds (modified Macaulay formula):

Eras,
PE CD
ve
D= > Modilid duration ofthe Bonds sbown in years

Pa Years betwcen th Closing Dat and cach Payment Dat
”n



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

VA, Present Valuc of cach of the amount that invetces will recive quarter, principal and
interes, discounted anmually a he rte return o he Bond (Bond Yield)

PES Price one Isus, 100,000 Euros.
E Bond Vida
m= 1,2. Number of quarters (Payment Dates) in which B amounts vil e pad.

"Nevertheless, when refrrng to duruon, lt mus be taken into account that th Bonds (Series A and B )
issued by th Fund a varableat, a characteistitnt has dh conseguences explained below.

Daxing tb periods between interest ae revision dates, th market price of a vaiable-rt Bond will vary
if market iros rates change. Nevenhcles, ts price always approximuates par on a revision date s, on
hat date the cos of holding he Bond may be financed under market conditions similar, with respect to
be Bond, to those al the purchase date, Nevertheless, th price may not equal par on such a date if cer
conditions and characteristics (market reference, applicable margin, revision period, average lie of the
Bond, final amortisation ol the Bond, et at tat moment are value diferenly by the murket(beur or
worse) than the available investment alternatives. Except for his exception, however, it can be assumed
bat 1h price oa variable interest rato Bond is par on is ntres le revision dos

Asa consequence of the above, the duration fa variable-rto Bond must bchave in a manner similar a
fixcdrate, zerocoopon Bond with maturty on he same dee as the interest rate revision date of the
variable-rae Bond. Therefore, on a given date he approximate duration f Bonds (Seres A and B), with
a period of revision of tree mont can be assumed to be th remaining term until th next interest ate

Tie value for durion mentioned in th above paragraph is the result of the application of the concept
defined by Macaulay, but taking into considration hat changes in market interest rats will modi the
Now of Bond payments (in favour of the Bondholder) which does not occur in the case of fixedrate
Bonds.

"The prepaymen ik of the Bond, hat is, uncerzin character of he amounts amortsed on cach date
f payment, vil afíct the duraion of the Bond in a very diferent manner depending on whether 4s
interes at is fixed or variable. While the tic is very importan in th case ol a fxed-ate Bond, in
vwbich cas to duration is high dependent on th average life of th Bond, is 01 as important in he
case of a varable-te Bond, since in this ase the duration docs not depend on th average lie of the
Bond but ate am Uh remaining tem until 1h next modification of he interest at.

IAS. NetEfTective Interest Rate for the Bondholder (Yield)

Tre caleulaion of the yield of he Bonds for the Holder must take into account tho purchase date and
price of he Bor, he uastrly payment o he cospon and amortisaion payments in accordance with the
expected schedule, together with paricula hypothesis of Prepuyment Amorisation Rates.

To illurate, on the Closing Date, under the assumption of nominal interes at for ho Bonds listed in
tb following table, hd constan or he life of he Fund and paid quantriy, a price of cach Bond of
100%, the yild of te Bonds forthe Holder xo be th following:

ss
is

Tie formula used forthe calcuation he following:

1


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

100.000 Euros, the nominal vals o he Bond,
1 Vieldexpresscd san anal st, in percent,
dí Days between th Closing Date and cach Payment Date.

a cc Teal ies ad pcia amis 1, be rclvd by esos o a
umery basis

1... Number of peris during which the amount ile pad.

IMPORTANT NOTE FOR THE INVESTOR

The information in th following tables is provided for ilustaivo purposes only, and the stated
amount de not represent concrete payment obligatios by the Fund to third parties on the dates or
periods to which they refer. The Data has been calculated on the basis ol assumed constant rats of
ctault and prepaymens; these rates would he expected o vary continuousiy during the life o the
Fund. Therefore any invesor who wishes to know: the expected payment schedule on a paiculr date
should request he perinent informativa from tb insúioss auboriscd o distribute he Sociedad.
Gestora. the ALAF Market and the CNMV. This information ls also avalable rough the
Undenwites and ces active in the secondary market As stted in section IL, of the Prospecta
the Sociedad Gestora commit sclfto maki us information avalable to he general publ







To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

IIS Effective Interest Rate Expected for the Seller

The foco intros rate has beon calculated employing th same formula used for th calculaion of the
cd for he Bondholdes, adding tinta and perdi: costs of he Fund o he Now of payments which
e Fund makes to the Bondholders, in accordance with th information Containod in ho tabl in section
Vol. ofihe Prospectus

The expected Initial Expenses arc the following:

6 Constitution Expenses Esos.

+ CNMV Fees 9903329

(0.14% of the total issue and OO ote total sue fo th supervision of the admision process to
hising)

+ ALAF Matet Fees (005% + VAT) 5220000
+ IBERCLEAR Fees (500 Euros forcach Seres ol Bond + VAT) 1.6000
+ Racing Agencies legal advisos fees, public.
printing notary public and audios 5195067

Subtotal ero
y Issue Espenses

+ Underariing commission 1:3360000

(considering th maximum underuriting commíssions overthe nominal amount of he Bonds)
Subtotal 1433,600.00
GRAND TOTAL 210550000
"The Peridic Expenses of he Fund ae described in secionIL4.3ofuheProspectus
Expenses resulting from th liguidaion of he Fund will aso be charged to e Fund.

The foco interes ao expecod for the Fund, under the hypotses stated in section 5.1.1. and vih am
assumed Constan Pre-payment Rate (CPR) 010% vil be 2.3946

ILIS — Special Guarantees on the Mortgage Share Certificates and Mortgage Transfer
Certificates

The entiistaking pot in he operation do no grant any special guarantes om the Shares and Comificates
grouped in he Fund nor on the Bonds isued, except the commitment of he Seller to procced with the
replacement, oe repurchase, 1 replacement is not posible, of the Share and Cenifiates which do not
“llr ts Date of Constitution, meet ic requirements included in section IV-A3. ol the Prospecta This
«ommitmentis described in section V.l

»



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

HL16 — Transfer of the Bonds

The Bonds can be feel trmserred by any legal means. The ti of cach Bond shall be transmite by
accounting transfer. The recording in th accounting register ol the transfer in favour of the buyer shall be
¿ocmed o have th same cc as th delivery ol hc ile and, rom hat moment, such transfer will be
elícctive visas third pants. In his manner, th pary that may acquir through a purchase, the Bonds
represented as book entries from a person that, a regards the entries in the accounsregisty, appears to
e Lawíuly eme to transfer them, shall not be subject to any sort ol recovery claim, unless such party
cto in bad fi or it goss negligene a the time ol acquisiio.

HIT Adimission to Listing

In compliance vih nick 23 of Royal Decree 926/1998, th Sociedad Gestora vil request th listing of
be Issue in the ALAF fixed income market, with immediate cet from the Closing Date, The Sociedad!
¡Gestora underake to make th final admission to listing takes place no later than a month alter the
Closing Date

The Sociedad Gestora hereby decires tha the requirements and condiions necessary for the admision.
maintenance and exclusion of sccurtics in he ALA fixed income marks in accordance with curent
legilaion, and th requirements of ts ulinghody are undersiood by it th Sociedad Gestora, on behalf
fte Fund, vil undertaker compliance.

Inc vent tha the period of admision to listing is delayed beyond he stated dat, to Saciedad Gestora
vundertakes to publish in a newspaper having national distribution, the reasons why he delay occurred
roger with he expected new date of he admission of the Bonds to listing; without prejudce to the
eventual responsibliy fte Sociedad Gestora in such dla.

Funihermore, th Sociedad Gestora vil! reques the inclusion of he Bonds in IBERCLEAR, or th entity
replacing it so 1hat their compensation and liquidation is cilectod in accordance with he rules of
regulated seur included in he AJAF fixed income mark, and ar represented s established book
entries or approved int future by IBERCLEAR,

ILIS Applications to Subscribe or Purchase Securities

118.1. Potenti

¡Subscribers

Tas Bonds have been issued to be purchased by institutional investors

(Once the isue has been emtrely placed and the Bonds are listed in the organised ALAF Market, the
purchase of the Bonds will be possible through this market, in accordance wi ls usual practices,

Etftecs f the Subscription for the Bondholders: The subscription fr he Bonds implics acceptance
y each Bondholder of the terms of the Fund Regulations.

IL182. Legal Consideration of the Bonds to be Issucd

Tac Bond issued by the Fund have the following legal consideation for the purpose of subscription.
"oy certain investors:

66) in accordance with Royal Decrec 2345/1996, of November $", Bonds aro suitable for the
investment in the fondo de provisiones técnicas o sociedades de garantía gecfproca

»


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

(Gi) in accordance with Royal Decrec 2486/1998, of November 20", the Bonds to be isucd by the
Fund can bo purchased by Undenvriing Institutions in compliance with tir obligations of
technical provsions:

(úi) in accordance wilh Royal Decrec 304/2004, of February 20", the Bonds are suitable for
purchase by pension funds:

(Y) and in accordance with Royal Decree 1303/1990, of November 2", the Bonds may be
purchased by instituciones de inversión colectiva with the limitaions st ut by the specii
rules of cach type of fund.

(0) A Series Bonds comply with h selection crtria to bo admited us transaction guarantee
asses by the Central European Bank (Central European Bank Ruling August 321, 2000)

IL183, Period of Subscription for the Bonds

Tas subscription period sall commence on March 7, 2005, at 12 pam. and will end on the Closing
Dare (March 9,2005) u 10:00 am.

IL184, Application to Subscribe for the Bonds

Each Underwrte, in accordance wit the nature of the issue and the common practice of these
markets, will place the underwrtten bonds frecly, in accordance with the Bond Subscription and
Underwriting Contact between the Sociedad Gestora and he Underwxier; it will also make sure no
discriminatory treatment occurs among petiions wilh similar characteristics, nevenheles, the
vnderwrting entity will be entiled to grant priortics 10 those petisions from its clients it consider

1185. Form and Date of Payment

On the Closing Date, ts Underweter will pay the amount it has underwriten to the account of he
Fund TDA CAM 4 the Instituo de Crédito Oficial (ICO), val that day.

Investors who have been allotted the Bonds must pay the Underwriers, between 10:00 and 10:30 am
(Madrid time) on the Closing Date, value hat day, the corresponding isue price for cach Bond
alone,

Tac distunsement of the subscription compromises assumed by cach Underwriter will take place
between 10:00 and 11:00 am, Madrid time, on the Closing Date, through the Fund's account opened
th Insti de Crédito Oficial, value hat day.

Tas Closing Date will be on Mar 9. 2005.

1L186, Form and Terms of Delivery of the Bonds to the Subscribers
The subscribers may request a written verfiation of the transfer of ownership of the Bonds
subscribe from the Underwriter through which hey have made the purchase, without prejudic o the
fact that the ownceship of the Bonds will he recorded in he accounting register o the Bonds, as the
Bond are represented in bookcenty form.

1119 Placementand Allotment of the Bonds.

119.1. Underwriters
a



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS

Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Untsman" dal e Slug oia dc edo cen an e Fo metal
ea ee bald son nd reso o e No o

"The following cntitics have undertaker to guarantee the subscription by Ibid partes, or in as own mamo,
te entire isue of Bonds, in ho tem established in the Subsripilos and Underwriting Contract.

2 Ey 16100

peceras som | sora | 0 | tooo

Rocas Générale E ECT O
cam Mm A]
caja adria 0 En
lens Ban 0 En)
ei an 50 En
50 Em]
Santander Cera tispaco MEN) En
roraL ws | pszommsoo | aso | asno

11.92. Placement Directors
lacement Directors: CAM, Calyon (Spanish branch), JP Morgan Securitic Ltd and Société Générale
(Spanish branch). A. reproduction of the signed declaraion by the persons with suficient
representan follows:

-D. Álvaro Hurt Gómez. National Ieniy Code $256.73, and D. Antro Alonso Prez National
Iáeniy Code 16039.631-Y. in name and teprecnaion Socia Générale Spanish branch, wi ls
registre oie in Plaza Pablo Ruiz Ple, 1. Mai, ae appropriatey emponcred to such ec
ná in rlion to e costs f he Fund TDA CAM, Fondo de Tiuzación de Acivos, oran
mount ol 2.0000. Faros in accordance wi section 20 0! Royal Deere 291/1992, ol March
27”. regarding issues ad publi tir of sccuritis, modifica by Royal Dec 25909, o December

DECLARE

"That sl the necessary verfications of the quality and the quantity of the information contained in the
rospectus have bocn made.

"That, in accordance with such verificaions here are no cicumstances that contradit or alter such

information, and that said information does not omit any facts or significant data that may he of
relevance lo the investor.

"That this dectaration does not include the data subject o he audit report included in the Prospectas.
Signed in Madrid, on March 7, 2005"
“D, Pablo Lladó Figuerola-Fereti, NIC 7.487.815-G and D. Santiago Ruiz-Morales Fadrique, NIC

50274.971-E, in name and representtion of Calyon, Spanish branch, with lts registered office in
Pasco de la Castellana, 1, Madri, are appeopriately empowered to such effect, and in relation to the

2



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

consituion of the Fund TDA CAM 4, Fondo de Tilización de Activos, for an amount of
2000.00.00 Euros, in accordance with section 20 of Royal Deerec 291/1092, of March 2.
gandingisues and publ les of sccuris, modified by Royal Deere 259098, ol December 7”,

DECLARE

That all the necessary verificaions of the quality and the quantity af the information contained in the
Prospectus have been made.

That, in accordance with such verifications, there are no circumtances that contradict or alter such
information, and that said information does not omit any facts or significa data that may he of
relevance to the investor.

"hat this declartion docs not include the data subject o hc audit report included in the Prospectas.
Signed in Madrid, on March 7, 2005"

“D. Aruro Miranda Marín, NIC 30,646.726-P. in name and represenaton of JP Morgan Securitics
ad, with its registered office in JP Morgan Secunitis La, 125 London Wall, EC2Y 5AJ London, is
appropriatelyempowered to such efec, and in relation o the consiuion of he Fund TDA CAM 4.
Fondo de Tilización de Activos. tor an amount ol 2000.000.0 Euros in accordance with section
20 of Royal Decree 291/1992, of March 27", regarding isues and public offers of securitis, modifica
by Royal Decree 2590198, ol December 7%,

DECLARES

That all the necessary verificaions of the quality and the quantity af the information contained in the
Prospectus have been made.

That, in accordance with such verifications, there are no circumtances that contradict or alter such
information, and that said information does not omit any facts or significa data that may he of
relevance to the investor.

Tit this declaration docs mot include the data subject to hc audit

por includod in th Prospectas.
Signed in London, on March 7, 2005"

1D. Juan Luis Sabater Navarro, NIC 21454 984-D in name and representan o Caja de Ahorros del
Medieránco with is reitred olice at Calle de San Femando, 40. Alcan ls appropiatly
mpowered lo such ce ad in relation to the constin ol hc Fund TDA CAM 4, Fondo de
Tiulizacón de Activos oran amour ol 2900.00.0000 Estos in acordan with section 20 of
Royal Decre 291/1992, 0 March 27", regarding isues and publi if ol securis, modified by
Royal Decres 259098, l December 7%

DECLARES

That all the necessary verificaions of the quality and the quantity af the information contained in the
Prospectus have been made.

That, in accordance with such verifications, there are no circumtances that contradict or alter such
information, and that said information does not omit any facts or significa data that may he of
relevance to the investor.

Signed in Alicante, on March 7, 2005

2



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

IL194, Undervriting of the Issue.

The Sociedad Gestora will enter into Bond Subscription and Underwriting Contract with the
"underwetr, which wil underiake to subscribe or o secure, under ls responsbiliy, subscribe for
te Bonds, in he amounis mentioned in section IL19.1, and tbe institution hall be responsible for he
amount underwrten. The placement of he Bonds wil be caricd out throughout the Subscription
Period. The Underwrier will make such placement, and the alloction underwriten by virtue of the
Bond Subscription and Underwriing Contacts, on a free and discreionary basis, avoiding
discriminatry treatments among offers with similar characteristics; novenbheles, the Underwiter vil
grant priories to the ofírs from its client, which they consider convenient

Absence of confirmation prior to the beginning of he Subscription Period of he provisional ratings
assigned to the Bonds by the Rating Agencies will constitute sufficiet grounds to cancel the
«constitution of hc Fund and the Issue of the Bonds.

As compensation for the compromises of the Undenveiters, ihey will reccive an underveting
commission included in the Initial Expenses af the Fund, The commission to be applid to cach
¡Series of Bonds vil fall between the following figures.

"The Underurier wil notily the Sociedad Gestora of the final commission Lo he applicd to cach
Series of Bonds before 11:30 (CET) on March 7, 2005, In the absence of this notification, the
Sociedad Gestora will establish the commission for cach Seics of nds in 0%

Addiionally, and on the same date, the Sociedad Gesstora will notify the CNMV as adáiional
information o this Prospectus and will be included in the notary decd of te disbursement, Each
Underwriter will occived the final commission established for cach Bond, and to be applid to the
nominal amount it has underweten, in accordance with hc Subscription and Underwriting of the
Issue Contract

1194. Pro Rata Assignment
Not applicable.
1120. Formund Term of the First Recording

The Bonds a secuisrepreseted us book ets, which will be consitued as such by vine of cir
inscriptos in the coresponding accounting record, in accordance with Royal Decrec 116/1992, and aso,
following the usual procedures and terms of the city charged with the clcorng and liquidaioo of ho
Bonds, IBERCLEAR, or th entiy which substitute

HL21  Applicable Spanish Law and Competent Cours in Case of Legal Proceedings

“TDA CAM 4, Fondo de Ttlización de Activos” is established pursuant to Royal Decre 92611998, of
May 14%. The Fund TDA CAM 4 is regulatd in accordance wi () Uis Prospecta, () the Fund
Regulations, (i) said Royal Decree and any subsequent regulations, (iv) Law 19/1992, ol July 7*
regarding aspects not regulated by Royal Deerec 920/1998 when applicable, (v) Law 24/1988, ol July
28%. in ts cure wonding, regarding supervision, inspection and sanctonig and (vi) any her legal
regulations cuenta any time

el



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

Any dispute related to the Fund which may arise during 4s operation oral the time of is liquidation,
"bebe betwen the Bondholders or between Abem and t Sociedad Gestora, vil be subject to the
jursdition of he Spanish Court and Tribunal, th partos having walved any other foram that might be
“pplicable

1122 Taxation on the Returns Derived from the Bonds

A rie extract le aplicable sal ei for investment derived fome presen oiers provided, to
“ahh clica only th cure sue feito and th general aspects which could fl Uh ies
must he tn ito account: te imentors must consider al ici possible special tax circumstances and
“bel aplico o terior. togehe wi he cuen eiii he momen o! subsenpion and
Abe relevant lx reus. Inst must consider furemoxe Uhr y wal ile into account he
requiements derived from aplican of Directv 2003ACE ol June 3% 2003, in respec ol
daran e cd from savings formol payment ol interes

As the Bonds of the present oler are represented as book cnris and will be admitcd to listing in a
Spanish secondary market, conditions related to ls taxon, t is assumed they comply wih these
conditions. Fuhermore, it has ben considered tha the Bonds, the time ol issue, are to be considered
Financial asets vit explicit yicld, whenever this category has taxationrelevance.

a). Individuals or Corporations Resident in Spain

1. Impuesto sobre la Renta delas Personas Fsicas (Spanish Personal Income Ta)

The reus oltaicd hy Bondholdrs sbjc, as ax par, to Us Impuesto Sobre la Renta de las
Personas Física, prcasig Bonds in he secondary must sa resul. ol purchasing he Bonds in a
secondary market, in tela 1 interes nd alo tU nat run or amoriston ul such interes
ball e considered as income on investments aiing from he asigament of personal capital to rd
paisas describe in ario 232.0 Law AYI9, l December 9 fe Impuesto Sobre la Renta de
Zas Personas Físicas y Oras Normas Tributarias.

In he event of transfer or refund of the Bonds, the yield will e calculated as the difference between ho
le price, minus dh expenses generated, and Ihe cost of purchase, plus, the expenses generated. The
capital net yield will e determined by deductng from the ere yield, ¡he administrative and deposit
expenses of he Bonds, whenever such expenses do nt correspond to the underaing of a discrtionary
“nd individual management of the investment pontolio. Th yild will be reduced in 4US: th period of
generation is above two years Als, negative yield rom te Bonds, when he contibutor has acquired
¿ter homogencous financial assts in the two months before or ar the sale, reimbusement or
“amorisation, val be included in th ax basis s the Bonds which remain are sol,

¡Such incomes will be subjecttowitholding on account of hc IRPF of is beneficiar, in accordance with
Royal Decrec 1775/2004, July 30, which approves the Reglamento del Impuesto sobre la Rena de las
Personas Físicas wah regards to withbolding and prepaid tax. With regards o the Reglament, the
following must e not:

=> Capital income derived from th transfer o id panic of private capital aro subject, in general, o a
15% withbolding rt.

=  Nevertles, here is no obligation to wilhhold the income derived rom hs transfer o refund of he
Financial assts with am explicit income that omply with the following requisitsas 3 established in
this ise

1. They must be represented as book enrs

a



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

2. They must be negoristed in an official secondary market

— The pontion of th price, cquivalent Lo itrest accrued in ho sale of financial assts underulen
vii the 30 days immediately prior to th maturisy of the coupon will e subject wild in
te ollwing circumstances

1. The purchaser is a nonresident person or eniy in Spain or is not afícced by the Impuesto de
Sociedades.

2. The income derived cxpliily from the secutics trmsferred are cxempt from the obligtion to
violin reli with purchase

2. Impuesto sobre Sociedades (Corporate Income Tax)

Bond income obúaincd by entiis subject to the Impuesto Sabre Sociedades will apply th tax bas of
id Impuesto establish by Tule 4 of Royal Legislativo Decree 412004, March S,approving the new text
fit Law.

Aforementioned income will be subject to a wiibolding of the Impuesto sobre Sociedades of is
perecer, in accordance with Chapter 2 of Tide 7 of Royal Decroe 1777/2004, July 30, by which the
Reglamento dl Impuesto sobre Sociedades is approved. Tis Reglamento among others, cstablihes hat
income from financial acts will o excluded from withholding, when tbey comply with th following —
as is established in this isuc- and in acordance vih he procedure established by he Ministerial Order
af December 22", 1999 (BOE ol 29/1299):

1-They must bo represented as book entres.
2. They must be negoristed in Spanish oficial secondary mark
»). Individual or Corporations Not Resident in Spain

Income obtained by Bondholders subjet,s tax payers, o the Inpuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes,
"oh fr ntrest ad also for transfer, refund or amorisation of such interes will be considered income
bisined in Spain wih or without permanent csablishment, in sccordance to article 13 ol Royal
Legistaive Decree S/2004, March 5, approving the new text of the Impuesto sobre la Rena de no
Residents.

1. Income obtained through permanent establishment

Bond income obtained through a permanent establishment in Spain will taxcd in accordance with he
les of Chapter 3 of the aforementioned Law without prejudice to what is csablied in ho Treaties
Signed with Spain to avoid double taxaion, which can determine the conesponding income or the
application ol reduced rates That income will e subjec to witbolding of the Inpuesto obre la Renta
de no Residentes in the same stations and conditions which have been mentioned for tax payers subject
to he Impuesto sobre Sociedades residen in Span.

2. Income obsined tough no permanent establishment

Bond income obtained by persons or entiics not residen in Spain and which function, to such cas,
vwiout permanent cstablistmen, vil e tax in sccondonce o th mues in Chapter 4 0f the Law ol
which he following can be highlight without prejudie o he Trestis to avoid double taxatin signed
“vita Spain which can determine that the conesponding income ae not lsble for ta or determine the
“application l reduced rats:

»



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

The tax bas vil be appicd tot total amount o th income obtained, calculated in accordance with
te rules of Law. In his case, ose reduciins establishd by sad Lave will ot be applicable. In th case
fa transfer, refund or amorisatio, expenses related to the purchase and transfer, sufficinly justa,
“vil be taken nto sccownt or the calculaton of the income. Taxatio vil take place sepuately for cach
ota paria income accrued subject to tax without any possible compensation between said income.

The tx vil be calculated appling he normal rate of 15% to th previous tax base

Income obtained from the collection of he coupon, sale, amortiation or reimbursement of the issue of
Bonds related o this isus, by persons or ent hat are not resident in Spain, and which funcion, o
such efec, without permanent cstablihment, will be cxemp if o beneficios are a residents ol a
member st of the Esropcan Union or hase residents have obtained 1 permanent establishment n
another member sae of the European Union.

Equall, income derived om th trnsfr of such shares in Spanish official secondary markets obtained
"y nontesidnt persons or eniiswilhost the intermediaon of permanent establishment án Spain vall
also be exempt. Said non:sesident persons or eitcs must resido in a state, which has subscnbcd with
Spain a Treaty o avd double taxation with an exchange of information causo

Under no circumstances the cxemption mentioned int previous paragraph will e applicable when ho
cl are obtained through countries states hat re considered cifshore bunlcing centres

- Said income vil be subject to wiiolding of the Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residents, except in
ose cases in which the payment of he Impuesto or exemption of such Impuesto redie,

Tie amount be vil vil e equal to the Impuesto be paid in acordance with th above cier.
Income obtained from the sale or reimbursement of the Bonds, by persons or enttis tha are non-

residen wihout permanent etablistument, vil ot be subject to wilhholding, without prejuice os
corresponding taxaionobligation, when the folowing requsite re met:

1. They must be represented as book enris.
2. They must be negotiatedin a Spanish oficial secondary market

ln any evt, he payment of Uh gros coupon by he Financial Agent wi! e sujeto aplicable
legion a'any moment Special, tre ls cent special prcsdur. approved y Ue Orden del
Ministerio de Economia y Hacienda Minis f Ezonomo and Termal Resene) ol Ape 13%, 200,
xoganding the procedure ta make ceci wilholdings to noncesdents wit he tx rut for eh case to
xclude wibholding. when dusing he payment procedure fmancal cs register, residen or
xpresnted in Spa tk par cmo At ae depostories or administre ol e payment of aid
bonds ies

In accordance vito his ral, a hc timo o puymnnt o he conpon, the Fund wil wild the general tx
ate of the Impuestos sobre la Renta delas Personas Físicas y sobre Sociedades (curry 15% and wi
transfer the liquid amount to he entiis which are depostores, Those ent which credit, following
established procedure, the right ol appicaion of reduced rates or the cxemption from wiihholding for
bir lin il receive, immediately, fr Uhir payment he amount with in excess.

+) Indirect taxes om the Transfer of he Bonds

The transfer of secuios ds cxempt from the Impuesto sobre Transmisiones Patrimoniales y Actos
urídicos Documentados ad tr the Impuesto sobre el Valor Añadido,

30



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

4). Impuesto de Patrimonio (Wealth Tas)

Holders oh Bonds on December 31" of each year that are subject to personal income tas il include
be Bond, for dcir nominal value in the Wealis Tax declarion in which they will be taxed in
“accordance with general regulation ln he cvent that he aforementioned values ae negotited in an
rganised market asis expected in this cse- calculated by the average trade valuc on the four quaner
beach year.

Noneresidents who ar tx payers by real obligan vil also be obligo to comply with he Wealth Tex
for the nominal value of the Bonds, wi the exception of thu established in he Teeaics to avoid double
taxation, Nevereless, resident ol or member stes of the European Union will bo exempt the
income from tir bonds is cxempt from personal income tax as has been mentioned above.

+). Impuesto sobre Sucesiones Suecession Tax)

Transfer of Bonds das to death or donation in favour of individuals is subject to the general rules of the
Impuesto sabre Sucesiones y Donaciones. In those cases in which the bencticiay le an institution, the

income obtained ville taxed applicable in accordance with rales ol th Impuesto sobre Sociedades
ore Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes, according to cach case.

123 Purpose of the Operation

"hc amount of the issue of Bonds is entire apple to he subscription f Share and Certificates

Caja de Ahorros del Mediternineo will undecurito 1,498 Bonds of the A Serics fora total amount ol
149.800.0 Euros

124 Secondary Contracting

There are no commitments wi any entiy to guarantes the liquidiy of the Bonds in ho secondary
mar

HAS Persons or Entiios having taken part in the Design or Consulting of the
Establishment of the Fund, or ín Any Relevant Information Contained in the
Prospectus

125.1. Enumeration of the persons

The structure and operation has been arranged by Tinlización de Activos, SGFT, SA, and
Tiulización de Activos, SGFT, S.A. will ctas Sociedad Gestora.

Caja de Ahorros del Mediteráneo is Seller of Shares and Cerfiates grouped in the Fund,

Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo, Calyon, Spanish branch, 4. Morgan Securities La, and Société
Générale, Spanish Branch, ae Placement Director of the Bond Issue

Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo, Calyon, Spanish braneh, J.P. Morgan Securities Lad, Société
Générale, Spanish Branch, Caja Madrid, EBN Banco, Dexia Bank, Fortis Bank and Santander.
Central Hispano act as Underwrites of he issue of the Bonds

Ramón de Cajal, has provided he legal advice for the operation

Ansttuso de Crédico Oficial, is the Paying Agent and Custodian
a



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

omar de Young, as auditors of the Fund,
11252, Declarations of the Issuer
Tiulización de Activos, SGET, $... decluresitis aware that Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo holis

a 1286% share of the company. Furermore. the Sociedad Gestora declaes that the member of the
Board, D. Eleuterio Jover, is he Credit Risk Manager of Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo,

Except for the above, Titulización de Activos, SGET, S.A. declares isf to be unaware of the
existence of any sort oFlegal family or cconomic link hatsocver among the entics taking par in
te Fund, and between those entlics and the holders of the credit rights grouped in he Fund.

11253. Declaration of the Seller

D Juan Luis Sabater Navarro, on behalf Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo, declres

(G) ta all he declartions made in respec of the Mortgage Loans sold and included in section IV.
fs Prospects, are tac:

(is) tha the above mentioned declarations will be guarantee to th Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the
Fund, through the Fund Regulations

(Gi) that alto necessary verifiatons have been made to establish the quality and quantiy of the
information contained in the Prospectas in restin to the pontolo of Mongage Los
selected and to be sold, almost entirly, o he Fund; and

(Y) that, as a consequence ol said verficnions, no circumstances exist that contradict or alter
such information included in th Prospectus and that th information docs not omit significant
facts or data that muy be of relevance to the investo.

Tac leer from the Seller including these declarations has been includod as an annex to the
Prospectas

»



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS

Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
[eman" daa rol lenguas hu) il dci md Laos de ME Pel Irma hno
eat rot moro lc.

CHAPTER HL

GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE FUND TDA CAM 4

of the Fund

HILA Legal Information and Purpose of the Cres

TDA CAM 4, Fondo de Tiulización de Activos is regulatod by Royal Decrec 926/1998, of July 14". The
Fund is regulted in agreement vih 1) this Prospectus,() he Fund Regulations, (i) Royal Decrec
926/1998 amd sulbscquent dispostins, 1) Law 19/1992. for those aspects not covered by Royal Deere
926/1998 when applicable, (v) Law 24/1988, of July 28, ins current wordig, in respecto supervision,
inspection and sancion ad, (vi any other leal disposiions curent at cach tm when applicable

The ole purpose of the Fund is hc growping of Shares and Corficaes to be transered by the Seller to

te Fund, upon ls constitution, and to Ese the Bonds, by means ola financial transformation and credit
enbancement derived from th difren ass and ibi transactins which ac aranged by th Fund.

HILZ Name, Establishment and Registration of the Fund

"ie Funds nota leal ens in elf will be balanced rough th asscts nd bilis.

The name of the Fund is “IDA CAM 4, Fondo de Titlización de Activos”. will also be know by the
following abbrevations: “TDA CAM 4" and"TDA CAM 4, ETA"

A prerequisi fr th establishment of the Fund and the sue of the Bonds ás hs registracion in the
úOlicial Register o he CNMV. pursuant o acle 5 of Royal Decree 926/1993,

(Once ts Prospectus has been registered at the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores, nd before
te opening o the Subscription Period he Sociedad Gestora, together wi he Seller, il procced to
establish he Fund Regulations which vil coincide with his Prospects and the Fund Regulations draft
forwarded o the CNMV.

The Des of Constitution comply with aci 6 of Law 24/1988 and will herfore e te Deod ol issue
fe Bonds and the Decd containing he representaion of the Bonds as book entries

"hc Deed, pursuant to ace $ (4) of Royal Decree 926/1998, wil not be subjet to recording in the
Commercial Registr

HIL3 Management and Representation of the Fund and the Bondholders.

IL31. Functions and Responsiblitis of the Sociedad Gestora

"IDA CAM 4, Fondo de Tiulización de Activos" has been arrangod by "Tindización de Activos
SGFT, SA” 4% Sociedad Gestora empowered o such effct, and, heretor,1o administe and legally
represent the Fund TDA.CAM 4, in secordance with provision ol Royal Decrec 926/1998.

Tas Sociedad Gestora, as manager of hird-pany business, will represent and defend the interests of
the Bondholders.

Bondholders will have no legal recourse against he Sociedad Gestora except if he Sociedad Gestora
is in bresch os obligatios a set out in the Fund Regulations and in applicable law

»



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

Tas Sociedad Gestora will in particular and among others listed in his Prospectus and the Fund.
Regulations, be responsible fr:

6) ensuring that he amount of the payment efectively received by the Fund corresponds to the
“mount contractually due to th Fund, in accordance with he relevant contacts from which
“such payment asc. necessary, he Sociedad Gestora will exercise all judicial and extra
judicial actions necessary or convenient to enforce nd protect th rights of he Fund and the
Bondholdere

Gi) applying any amount received by the Fund to the payment of the obligations there, dn
“accordance with the provision of the Fund Regulations and the Prospoctus

(ii) extending or modifying any contact entered into on behalf o the Fund and necessary for is
operation, in accordance wit he provisions of the Fund Regulations and the Prospecta, and
“applicable Law a any time

(Y) replacing all partes rendering services to the Fund, in accordance wih the Fund Regulations
“and the Prospectus, provided that this is permittd by applicabl law, hat prior authoisation
from tbe relevant authorities is obtained 1f necessary, that notice ls given to the Rating
Agencies, and that th interests of the Bondholders are not impaied. ln particular, ín the
event of breach of he duties of he Seller of the Mongage Loans, the Sociedad Gestora will
lake all measures necessary to procure adequate servicing of the Mortgage Louns.

(0) giving all necessary instructions to the Financial Agent in relation to ts Fund's Account and
to e Seller, in relation o the Reinvestment Account

(0) giving al necessary instructions to he Financial Agent in relation o the payments to be made
o Ahe Bondholders and úf necessary, o all hr entitic to which such payments should be
made.

(Ci) Determining and cfíetng the payments n relations to the principal and intrest of the Initial
Expenses Loan, Subordinated Loan and Paricipatve Loan.

(ii) Determining and ifccting the poymens

10h Fund derived from the Swap Contract

(6x) — Appoiming and, f necessary replacing the Auditor, with the prior authorisaton, 1 necessary,
of the CNMV.

6%) preparing and submiting to the relevant bodies al documents and information that must be
Submited in accordance with applicable law, to the CNMV and to the Bondholders.

Gu) taking the appropriate decisions in relation o the liquidaion of the Fund, including the
decision of cary lquidaton, in accordance with he Fund Regulations and the Prospectus.

(xi) determining the applicable interest rate of cach Series of Bonds for cach Interest Accrual
Period,

Tas Sociedad Gestora will make available to the publ
úpursuant to the Regulations and the Prospectus.

“ll documents and information necessary

IIL32. Payment o the Socíedad Gestora.

In compensation for 4s management services, the Sociedad Gestora wil eccive, on cach Payment
Date, a management remuneraton which will acerue quaterly and which will be cqua o, exce for

a]



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

te fest Payment Date, to 1/4 of 0.019% of hc non-matured Outstanding Nominal Balance of the
Shares and Cenificates on th previous Payment Date. Such commission vil b understood in gross
rms, including, therefore, any direc or indirect tax or withholding that may be applicable ihereto.
Tac commission on cach Payment Date will not be less than 1/4 of 30,000 Euros. This amount will be
"updated at th beginning of cach calendar ar (statng January 2006) in accordance wit he General
Consumer Price Index published by the National Institute of Statistics, o lt eplacing ent.

Tas remuneration of the Sociedad Gestora is calculated in accordance to he following formal:

RTO.D19% «Ni /4.

On the first Payment Date, the remunecation of the Sociedad Gestora will be established by the
number ol days since the Closing Dato. That is in accordance vit following formula:

Ri

(0.019% + Ni) = dues
bere:
Ry ise amount of Euros of the Sociedad Gestora's commission,

Ns the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shares and Comiliates th beginning of the
period (Closing Dat, on th first Payment Date)

dí ise mumberof days from the Closing Date until the fest Payment Date.
Tacrefore, on the first Payment Date, th remuneration to th Sociedad Gestora will be equal to

R=(0.019/100* 2.000.000.000)* 110/365 = 114,520.55 Euros

In the event of the substituion of the Sociedad Gestora, as is established in section ILS,, the
payments mentioned in sid section may be modificd, prior agreement on th new conditions ai the
Seller

HA Net Worthof the Fund

"hc Fund has been designed in such a way that lts net worth is il, in accordance with article 5 (1) of
Law 19/1992.

2) Upomitscreation
Assas

6) The nominal amount ofi Shares and Certificates subscibed;
66) The Ina Expenses pad:

(The balance of he Fund's Account and he Reinvestment Account

Liabiliis:
6) Tie nominal amount of the Bonds issued:

(Gi) Tie amount of hc Initial Expenses Loan and the Participativo Loan

3



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

b) — Duringthe Life ofthe Fund:
Asset

(6) The Outstanding Nominal Balance to Collection of the Shares and Comifictes and he interest
fe Shares and Ceriliates accrued and not paid;

(io The unamontised Initial Expenses;

(Gi) "Tie resources deposited at the Pund's Account a hc Financial Agent and the Reinvestment
Account and tbcir corresponding accrucd interests

Liabiliis:
6) Te outstanding balance of he Bonds:

Gi) The outstanding balance of the li
Participaive Loan:

Expenses Loan, the Subordinated Loan and the

(Gi) The accrued and not yet paid principal, interes, commissions and other expenses (including
the variable remuneratio of he Parucipative Loan, accrued and not paid).

(Y) The gross Technical Advance received:
TILA. Description of the Assets o the Fund

The muin asscs of the Fund comprise Ahe Shares and Conificues grouped thcrcin. Detailed
information can be found in section 1V.1. of the Prospectas.

IILA2. Description of the Li

litis of the Fund!

From the Date of Consiituion of tie Fund and throughout ts io, he liabilis of the Fund compris
le Bonds issued with security over he Fund described in Chapter 1 Expenses Loan,
Subordinated Loan and Partciputive Loan, obtained from the Seller described in sections V3.L.
V/32.and V.33, interest, commissions and oxher charges acorued and not yet paid

HILAS. Esxpenses

The Sociedad Gestora, us the expense of the Fund, will pay all he expenses necessary for lis
operation, Initial Expenses, Ordinary Expenses, Extraodinary Expensos and Liquidation Expenses
“ccrued asa resul of the operation.

1) Initial Expenses:
"hc Fund will pay the following expenses that stem from its establishment and the issue of the bonds,
included in section 114. fees of the CNMV, the ALAF Market admission fees, costo IBERCLEAR.
fees o the Rating Agencios, notay public ess, gal advisors fees, undenvriting commissions, audit
expenses and printing and advertising costs

2) Ordinary Expenses: The Fund vil pay te following Ordinary Expenses:

3



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

= Payment of the commission to the Sociedad Gestora as described in section IIL32. of the
Prospectus, and occupying the second position in the Priority Order of Payments described in
section V-4.2.0fthis Prospectus.

= Commission to be paid to the Financial Agent or the enity which replace lt, in accordance with
section JLS. of this Prospectus. On cach Payment Date, the Financial Agent will reccive a
commission of 4.721 quatery Euros (4.205 Euros as Financial Agent and custodian of the Shares
“and Cenúicates and S16 Esos as managor of the Fund's Accownt) plas 4 of the amount resuling.
from applying 0.00343% to the non matured Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shares and the

Cenificates on cach Payment Date prior to the Payment Date in which such payment must be
made, as payment forthe services derived from the Financial Service Contract

Tac commission to be paid to tbe Financial Agent will be calculated, therefore, acording o the
following formula:

RTS 7210 00343%*N A)
On the fist Payment Date, th commission o be paid to the Financial Agent will be calculated by
th number of days clapced from the Closing Date. That is, in accordance with the following
formula:
Ry= 4721 + (0.00M3% + Ni) * d/365)
where,

Ry shall mean the mumber of Euros of the Financial Agent's commission,

N, _ shall mean the Outstanding Nominal Balance ofthe Mortgage Loans at the beginning
fte period (Closing Date on he fis Payment Date)

4 shall mean the mumber of days between the Closing Date and the fist Payment Date
Therefore on the first Payment Date, he commission o be paid to the Financial Agent shall be:
R,= 4.721 + (0003430 * 2.000.000.000) * 1101365) =25.394.97 Euros.
= Variable Remuneration of he Participativo Loan. On cach Payment Date, a variable payment
calculated following the procedure described in Claus 14 of the Fund Regulations and in section.
3.3.0 the Prospoctas
— Esqpense of the audit of th Fund.

—  Exqpenses derived from the publication of advemtisements or the notifications related to the Fund
andjr the Bonds.

— ns caso, th maintenance expenses of the rating assigned by the Rating Agencies, in th terms
inially established.

— E applicable, taxes o be paid by the Fund.
— In general, any other expense to be paid by the Fund. including, á£ applicable, possible

commission driving from the amortation of the Bond which may be established in the future by.
IBERCLEAR ortsaflites.

El


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS

Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
[eman" daa rol lenguas hu) il dci md Laos de ME Pel Irma hno
eat rot moro lc.

Al of the payments are expressed in gross terms, including, therefore, ny taxes which might apply.
Moreover, any expenses incurred in the performance of their duties by any of the entiis reciving
such commission will e paid by the respective enios

3) Extraordinary Expenses

Exaraordinary expenses derived rom th defence of he interests of he Bondholders

4) Liquidation Expenses

Expenses resulting from he liquidation andfor extincion of the Fund will alo be paid by he Fund from
the extincion expenses reserve from he Available Resources of he Fund.

TILA.4. Resources of he Fund

Income of the Fund, troughout is li, shall be:
) Income from the Shares and Certificates from principal and ordinary interes.
b), Income from the Technical Advance requested from th Seller and not rcimbursed,
e) Returns from the balances of the Reinvestment Account

d), In ts case, oler income from the debtor from concepis other than principal and ordinary
interest of the Mortgage Lowns,

e) Net Amounts derived from the Financial Swap Contract as esta
his Prospccts, or wben in breach, the etlement amount

ished in section V.37. of

1) 1 applicable, he amount of the Subordinated Loan from the effective amount of deficit
etween the accrual and collection of interest from the Shares and Certificates.

$) The resultof the liquidation, if nd when applicable, of the ascts of he Fund.

HILS — Formulation, Verification and Approval of (he Ammual Accounts and Other
Documentation of the Fund. Name of the Appointed Auditors

IILSA. Formulations, Verifiations and Approval of the Anmual Accounts and Management
Report

Tas Sociedad Gestora shall submit the annual accounts of the Fund together with the audi report
hero o the CNMV within hc four months following the closing of the business year of the Fund,
vwbich will coincide with the calendar year.

Tas Board of Director of th Sociedad Gestora has appointed Ernst de Young, S.A. as auditor of the
Fund, registered in the R.O.A.C. under mumber SUSO. The Board ol Directors of the Sociedad
¡Gestora sbal report o the CNMV any change that may be adopted vit regard to ho appoiniment of
te suits

IILS2. Publication and Transmittal to the CNMV and the public of Periodic Information on the
Economic and Financial Situation of the Fund.

e



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

Tao Sociedad Gestora vill make available to he public ll documents and information required
úpursuant to the Regulations and the Prospectus.

Witkin the fou months aer the end of cach accounting period, and together with the audied annual
“accounts ol ihe Fund, th Sociedad Gestora will issue a sepor including:

(0 Aninventory ofthe porta of the Shares and Certificates grosped in he Fund, and
6h Arepontincluding:

: The Outstanding Nominal Balance to Colicton th Share and Cetiats

b) The percentage of the Shars and Cenúficats subject to repayment

«) The changes in he rate of prepaymen.

d) The amount o Shares and Ceniictes which have been declred Defauled (those for
which th corresponding Mortgage Loans have a payment deley ol 12 months or more)
dt percentage o the total Uhy represa

<) The average lie of the portfolio the Shares and Conifictes.

9) The average at f the ponolo of Shares and Cenificate.

2) The Ouistanding Nominal Balance to Maturity and to Collection of he Bonds.

1) The percentage of outstanding Bonds

3) Amownts of mtres, when applicable from he Bonds accrucd and not pd.

5) The balance oftbe Fund's Account and th Reinvesiment Account

K), The outstanding amount to be eimbursed of the Initial Expensos Loan, the Subordinated
Loan, and the Participativo Loan

DA detailed analysis of he results of the Fund and of the factors contributing to such
results

The amount and variation of expenses and management conmmissions oiginated during
th accounting period.

Every three months, in the 7 Business Days following cach Payment Date, the Sociedad Gestora vil
issue a report including:

- Outstanding Nominal Balance to Matriy and to Collection of Shares and Conificates.

- Amount of Shares and Cenificates which have amorisod and those that have been
amortised in advance.

- Early prepayment rates.

- Amount of Shares and Ceniicaes declred Defauted (ose with aereas equal or above
12 months) and percentages of areurs over the total amount of Shares and Certificates.

Inrespectof each Seres:


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

+ Initial principal amount
+ Amountof pricipal matred,

+ Outstanding Nominal Balance to Maturiy remaining.

+ Outstanding Nominal Balance to Collection f he Bonds.

+ Matured amount of principal paid to he Bondholders

+ Toral interest accrud by the Bonds from te previous Payment Date

+ Interest accrud from the Closing Date and duc on previous Payment Dates, which
have not been paid (and as a consequence, will not accrue additional interest)

Inespect of evolution of the Fund:

+ Balance of the Fund's Account and tho Reinvestment Account and the retums
generated.

+ Expenses, Reserve Fund Balance and Variable Remuneraion of the Participativo
Loan.

A copy of the Report vil be depositd a the CNMV.

In addition, all information described in this section will be available at the registered office of the
Sociedad Gestora, the headquaners o he ALAF Market, and at the CNMV.

LS. Obligation to Give Notice of Relevant Facts

The Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the Fund, undenakes to report immediately o the CNMV, to the
Rating Agencies and to the Bondholders, ad throughout the life of the issue, any relevant event that
may occur elating o the Shares and Certificates, to the Bonds, to the Fund and to the Sociedad
¡Gestora sel, hat might have major impact on the trading ol the Bonds, and the amount to be paid to
te Bondholders, on every Payment Date, on account of principal and interest, as provided in sections
1L10, and IL.11.ofh Prospectus, and, in general, any relevant modification of the as<ets or abiliies
le Fund,

HG Taxation ofthe Fund.

He folows a bricf summary ot spplicable tax regime to the investments derived from th present
fr taking only into consideation curent national egisiation and general aspects which muy affect the
Fund (invstoss must take into considraton tir posible special fiscal creumstanes and the rules
applied to cach terry, like current legision the time of obtining and declaring the corresponding
seu)

3). Mortgage Share Ceniictes and Mortgage Transter Cetictes

The yicids from Shurs and Cerficaes that constitute income to securtisation funds, are exempt from
any Wihholding in accordance with ario SO e of Royal Decre 1777/2004, July 30.

so


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

In the vent hat in the future any ta is established, direc or indirect, charges or wilboldings on said
payments, such expenses will he boro by the Seller and will be repaid to the Seller, úl hey are
«ubsequeralyrecovered by hc Fund.

Norwithstnding e above, in hc event hat curent tas lgistion is modifcd and taxes, charges or
vwifibokdings on payments made to hc Fund in respet of iros from the Shares and Certificates are
applicable, $ hose taxes significamly affect the financial balance of the Fund, ho Fund will be
exiinguishod through th liquidation ol the remuining ass, in accordance wi section IILIO, of this

Prospoctus, in which case the Seller will e able 1 repurchase the Shars and Certificates in accondance
vih such section

b) o ThcFund

"The Fondos de Titlización de Activos are subject to the Impuesto sobre Sociedades, Tes establishment
fe Fund is cxempt under th hoading Operaciones Societaria of the Inpuesto sobre Transmisiones
Parimoniales y Actas Jurídicos Documentados in sccordance wi article 5*10 of Law 19/1992. Royal
Decre 926/1998, etablishos hc application of rule of Law 19/1992 10 ho Fondos de Tiulización de
Activos.

) — Bomiholdess

(Sos section 112 of te Prospects)

> Sociedad Gestora
"hc administration of he Fund by the Sociedad Gestora is cxcmpt from the Value Added Tax.
HL7 — Modifications to tve Fund Regulations

The Fund Regulations may be modified on an excepional basis, provided that such modificaios are
úpermiitd by th applicable law. Such modifiations may not negativelyaffct th ring assigned to the
Bonds, nor prejudice the interes ol the Bondholder. Any modification af the Fund Regulaons will
require tbe granting of th contsponding public modification decd and shall e notifica to the CNMV o
e published as relevant event or vi registration ola Prospecta supplement

HIS Replacement ofthe Participants

Financial Agent

The Sociedad Gestora is enc to replace he Financial Agent in al or some of is maintenance datos
of he Fund's Account, Payment Agency or Custodian of the Shares and Certificates) provided tha
confor wih applicable Law, nd that aubhorisation o th relevant authorities i given, The reason for
be substitution must be crias and present serows prejodice to th interests of e Bondholers. Notice
vil be given regarding the substimaion 1 the CNMV, the Rating Agercis and th Seller.

In be event that the rating of the Financial Agent assgnod by hc Rating Agencios is reduced toa rating
for short term risk below PI (Moody's) or Fl (Fach), (he current rating of the Financial Agent is PI, for
Moody's, and Fls, for Fch), or that such rating ls suspendod by any ol hc Rating Agencies, ho
Sociedad Gestora, on behalf he Fund, prior consultation vih he Rating Agencies, and within 30 days
af such reduction. o maintain the raings originally asigned to each Series by the Rating Agencis, must
implement onc or more ol he following options which will allow he muinenance of an adequate love of
guarantee wi respect to the obligations derived from functions of custodian, payment agent
maintenance of the Fund's Account and deposito! he Share and Certificates

“



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

6) Obrin similar guarantees or conamitments from one or more credit insttons wi a ring
above PI (Moody's) or Fl (Fitch), to guarantee the commitments asumed by the Financial
Agent

(io Substtut tb Financial Agent for anonhor cri enity with a ring above PA (Moody's) and Fl
(Fach) or anaher cquivalet rating expressly accepted by the Rating Agencies to underuke,
vunderthe same conditions, functions the Financial Agent.

Funhrmore, the Financial Agent may terminate le Financial Services Contac, by giving prior
otfication to the Sociedad Gestora of at least two months, in accordance with the terms of ls
appoinment, provided (3) anlber entity ol similar financial characteristics to ICO substiates it, with a
red rating for shon term risk at Least equal to PI (Moody's) or El (Fich), accepted by the Sociedad!
Gestora, (is) the CNMV and he Rating Agencies are notficd and (li) he rating assigned 1 the Bonds is
ot negatively afíctod. Such terminaion shall be without prejudic to the fact at th teminaion val
ot take place, except when auhorised by the Sociedad Gestora, unil two business days añer the
Payment Date tha follows th notification he temario,

Sociedad Gestora

The waiver and replacement of he Sociedad Gestora will be regulatd as established in Royal Decrec
92/1998 o by th existing current legisaion. The replacement of he Sociedad Gestora wil! be caried
¿uti compliance wit following procede, unless ts contar to he rlevant legal disposions:

6) The Sociedad Gestora may renounce us rol and voluntarily requests replacement vi a wriuen
request to the CNMV. This request will include the document from the new sociedad gestora
«ontaiing its suthoristion and which is inscribe in the special register f Abe CNMV, where
¿oclaros cl prepared to accept such ole and requests the comesponding auhorisaion. The
replacement of the Sociedad Gestora and th appoitment ol a new sociedad gestora must be
“approred by the CNMV. Under no circumstancos the Sociedad Gestora muy wave its funcions
elore complying with hc requests and requirements for the substie lo fully take over ts
functions in respect of he Fund. Nekthr will 1 Sociedad Gestora wave is responisilidos
when, dueto sad replacement he ratings granted to the Bonds issued by the Fund, ae reduced
All expenses generated by said ubsttutio will be home by the Sociedad Gestora, or ho
ev sociedad gestora:

di) ln be sent that any of Ube cicumstances described in number 1 of article 260 of Ley de
Sociedades Anónimas cur, the Sociedad Gestora wil be replaced. The occurrence ol ny of
“ose crcumstances will be notiicd by the Sociedad Gestora to the CNMV. In his vent ho
Sociedad Gestora will he obliged to comply with section () before ii replaced:

(si) Inte event that Ub Sociedad Gestora is dectared in suspension of payments or bankruptey or ts
“sahorisaion e revoked, tw proceod to selet a sociedad gestora to replace The subsitation
vil take place les than 4 months ate the date in which ho cuen giving rise to the substitution
took place. 1 he Sociedad Gemora docs not find another sociedad gestora vilig to tk over
be administration and representation of the Fund, ie considers that the candidate is not
“appropriate, and th ratings are donmgraded, the cai liquidaion of the Fund will tk place and
te Bonds vil be amortised in he 4 months folowáng tc forced replacement:

(iv) The subsitution of the Sociedad Gestora und the selection of the nv sociedad approved by the
CNMV in accordance with to previos paragraph, shall be auhorsed by he Rating Agencies
and published in the Daily Bulletin of the ALAF Market, The Sociedad Gestora underakos to
ran all he public and private documents necessary to efe its replacement in accordance vih
te previos sections. The eplacing sociedad gestora will become subjee o 1he nights and
bligatons, that in respect al the Prospects, contespond to those ol he Sociedad Gestora

“2



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

Furthcamore, the Sociedad Gestora vil forward to the new sociedad gestora al the documents
“nd accounting and computing register relting to th Fund.

Other participants

1 soy of the participants is in brech of its contractual bligatins orf comporat or judicial decision is
made o liquidat,disolve or intevene them, or any of the participants requests to be declare bankrupa,
ra claim by a third paty is placed, the Sociedad Gestora may terminate the corresponding comracis
<wbich bind them to the Fund, whenever such terminaton is permitted in accordance with current
Iegislaon. Following the termúnation of he Contract and in the even that current legilaon allows it
be new putcipant will be designed by the Sociedad Gestora once the relevant suhoritis have boen
consulte, in order not to affect Uhe ratings assigned 10 the Bonds by the Rating Agencies. This
¿esignation will be noúficd o the CNMV and the Rating Agencies, he replacement ol the Seller as
Mortgage Loan servcer s covered in section 1V.2:. o his Prospects. Funbhermore, he assumptions for
the rplacement of th Seller, as Swap countrpar, re included in section V-3.7. o hs Prospecta.

HL9 — Subcontracting of the Participants

"hc ent taking par in the TDA CAM 4 transaction, pursuant to their corresponding contract, his
Prospoctus and the Fund Regulations re cnt to subcontract or delegateto third parts l recognised
solvency and capacity. ic performance of any ol th agreod services, provided ()i is legally possible,
(is) th Seller nd the CNMV are noiied and provide auhorsaion, (lk) he Sociedad Gestora provides
written agreement in th name of Fund, (1) the sub-contractor or delegat has a rating which does not
afíet th rating assigned to the Bonds by the Rating Agencies, and whenever (v) th sub-contactor or
delega has valved all rghs of recourse against the Fund: they re also ce to terminat such sub-
comrais andlor delegations. In any case, such subrcomtacting or delegation shall no imply any
“citional cos or expens for he Fund nor tbe Sociedad Gestor, nor to cause any negative ce or the
“tig granted to the Bonds by tbc Rating Agencies Despite any sub-contract or delegan, the entiics
taking part in the operan shall be neither cxonerated nor discharged from any of he responsbilics
establistod in the conesponding contacts, this Prospectos and the Fund Regulations. Those
<ubcontacted enics vil comply with tbe tng level conditions csablished by the Rating Agencies in
order o underake this role

IILIO — Early Liquidation and Termination of the Fund

By vine of he Fund Regulations and this Prospecta, the Sociedad Gestora is cmd to proceed o he
cary iquidatin of the Fund TDA CAM 4, on 4 Payment Dat following the Collection Date in which,
the Outstanding Balance of the Shares and Certificates is lss than 10% of ici initl balance, provided
the procccds from the liqidaion of the outstanding Shars and Centiiats ad the balance of the Fand's
Account, and the Reinsesiment Account when applicable, are suficiet 1 discharge the outstanding
úbligatios to the Bondholders in accordance vit th prioriy order of paymenss described in section
42 of his Prospectus, ad ta all he necessary authorisations have been obtained from the relevant
boris

"hc Fund vil be terminated tough th sae of remaining assets only in the following circumstances,
nd the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores and the Rating Agencies will be informed ol such

(0 When, in te opinion of the Sociedad Gestora, excepionalcircumstances concur to render
impossible, or cxremey dificul, he survival of the financial balance of hc Fund. ln this
case, he Sociedad Gestora, ate notilying the CNMV and he Rating Agencies, will procced
o liquidate the Fund in accordance with th Priority Order of Paymente descrbod in section
42 ofihisProspectas.

“



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS

aca del Hondo de Valor me Sad ScrtosMa Cot. "CA na Me SS ls |
edredones Pl aos dh

ea ee bald son nd reso o e No o

o

0

ln,

In be case set ut in Article 19 of Royal Decree 926/1998, hat establihes th obligaion to
vundertake the carl lquidaion of the Fund in he cuen that four months ace an cut hat
justlis the substiuion of he Sociedad Gestora (insolvency proccedins or bankruptcy), no
alternative Sociedad Gestora has been found to manage the Fund, The liquidation wil
follow he Priority Order of Payments established in section V-42, oh Prospetus

When a non-paymnent of any of the Bonds or nor-subordinatod credit takes place, indicativo
of a serious and permanent imbalance occurs or 5 expected. ln his eve, the Sociedad.
Gestora, ar notying the CNMV and ho Rating Agencies, will proceed to liquidat the
Fund in accondance wat the Priority Order of Payments described in secion VA2. of is
Prospecta.

In hc event of a modification of axation regime which, in accordance with section IL.
fis Prospetus, in he opinion of the Sociedad Gestora, significantly affect he financial
halance ol th Fund. The liquidation val olow the Priority Order of Paymens established
insccton V.A42. 0 lis Prospecta

) aná (iv) above, the liquidation will tk place on the Payment Date immediately following ad

in úl above, when itis applicable in accordance with curen egsltion

Tie Fund will be extinguisbod in the vent of following:

o

o

0)

When the Shares and Certificates are totally amortised and there remuin amounts o be:
collected and payment to the Bondholders are sl due. Liquidation will begin o later han
30 months from the dae of hc last maturty ol the loans ven though there remain amounts
to be collected, and no later than Juno 26,203.

When he Bonds issued aro totally amortisd,

In be absence of confirmation of any of th provisional ratings granted to the Bonds by the
Kating Agencios before th sa of he Subscrpaon Period for 1bo Bonds, he Fund, th issue
and subscription of Abe Shares and Centilictos, Initial Esxpenses Loan, Subordinated
Expenses Loan and Participativo Expenses Loan, the remuining contacis of the Fund and
be sue of Bonds vil e cancele,

In he event hat on the final lquidation of Uh Fund there remain outstanding oblgatons on behalf of he

Fundo.

o

o

any of he Bondholder, he Sociedad Gestora

il rc 1 sel Ses a Celica ad vil ques os 5 os ro
¿nsútatioms most atve in he sal/purchase of hese assts and which, as a

ler mark vals. Te Sociedad Gestora wil accept he bes ollr received and which
covers the market value ol he specific st, n order to establish market val, th Sociedad!
¡Gestora vil obtain the valution reports necessary. The designation of the cntiics wall be
otto the CNMV.

In he event at Fund is liqidated and Shares and Cotficaos and assts remuinod o be
amortsed, e Seller il enjoy a right o repuchase to recover such Shar and Certificates
“nd assts from th Fund, under th conditions established by the Sociedad Gestora and in
“accordance vih the previous puragraph, This right docs not imply, under any circumstance,
a pact or declaran to sepurchase the Shares and Comificaes by the Seller. In oder to
exercise this right the Seller will have 5 Business Days from the date in which the Saciedad.
¡Gestora notes the conditions ft ale of Shares and Ceniiates and asscts.

VW cancel all umecessary contacts

“



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

(ii) In he event that he above is nor suffcient or that ases remain, will procced to sell he
remaining assts. The Sociedad Gestora is empowered o accept those ofTrs which, in 1s
opinion. cover he market vale of he asset and is pd in cash and in fu order o et the
market vale, te Sociedad Gestora may obtain the appraisal eporis consider necessary

The Sociedad Gestora, following e reserve for te initial expenses for th liquidation, vil spply all the
amounts obtained from the sale of the asscts of the Fund together with the remuining Available
Resources, to pay the diferen concepts, in accordance with dh prioiy order esublished in section
V42 ot this Prospecta. In the event that, once the Fund has been terminated and all the payments
established in secion Va.2, of this Prospectus have been mado, any amount remains, it shall be pad to
Seller nt event that th amount remaining is no a liquid amount and comeponds o he Share or
Cemilicats pendin legal or notary resolution and initisted as a conseguence of the non-paymnent by the
Detxor of the Share or Cenificat,s continuation or he product ol is resolution will correspond to he
Seller

In any even, the Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the Fund, will not terminat to Fund and cancel ho
«oresponding inscription the oficial register until all th assets of the Fund have been sold and the
Available Resources are distributed in th order established in section V.42. of this Prospecta, with the
exception oh reserve made to pay forte iia expenses of tr liquidation.

Following the 6 mont after hc liquidation of the remaining acts f e Fund and ts distribution of
the Avallable Resources, the Sociedad Gestora wil grant a notary deed declaring () the termination of
be Fund, and to cases established in the Fund Regulations and his Prospecta which motivated the
teminaion (4) the procedure undenaken to notify th holder of hc Bonds and the CNMV, and (it
disibation the available amownts in the order established in section V-42. of his Prospectus; is vull
made public án national papers and vil comply with the remninin requirements necessary. This docd
vil e forwanded by the Sociedad Gestora to the CNMV.

45


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS

Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
[eman" daa rol lenguas hu) il dci md Laos de ME Pel Irma hno
eat rot moro lc.

CHAPTER IV

INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ASSETS OF THE FUND

IV.1 Mortgage Share Certificates and Mortgage Transfer Certificates Grouped in the
Fund.

A. Shares and Certificates Conditions of Issue

"hc Shares and Certificates will be issued by hc Seller and subscribed by the Sociedad Gestora on behal
af te Fand TDA CAM 4. by vinue of the Fund Regulations and this Prospectus. The Shares and
Cemilicats grosped in tbc Fund are represented in the two Malliple Decds, one representng the emise
issue of Mongage Share Certificates, and th other represeming the entire sue of Mortgage Transter
Cestliats. The Shores and Certificates are issued for a ttal nominal value of 2000.000.000 or sigh
lower, Euros approsimutely. cach Share and Conficate participate in 100% of hc unamontised principal
df ach one af he Mortgage Loss, and accrue an interest rate equal to th nominal interest rt, at any
time, on the corresponding Mortgage Loan.

The uncondiional sale of the codi igas derived from the Mortgage Loans lo he Fund, tbrough the
issue of Shaes and Conificates, will take place on the Date of Constitution fr bc remaining tem of
matury of the loans wilhout he existence of any repurchase pact by the Seller. The Shares and
Cetfiats will begin to acrus interes from the Date of Constiution (included), hat is March 4, 2005,
and therefore the intere accrued by the Mongage Loans from that date will corespond to the Fund.
independently from the accrua period taken ito consideraton to calculae the interes

"hc Sellr will not assume any lali whatsocver for hc nos-paymen by the Mortgage debtos of
principal, interes or any other amosnt that may be due by vine of he Mortgage Loans. The Seller docs
ot under any circumstance, aSsume any responsible in gurantecng, cier directly o indireily the
success of the transaction nor will they give guarantees or warramis, nor enter into repurhase
agreements for he Shares and Certificates nor by virtuc f he Fund Regulations, his Prospects or any
ler agreement o contract

The Seller will be responsible to the Fund for the existence and vaidty of the Mortgage Loans as
indicated in Anicle 348 f he Commercial Code and 1,529 the Civil Code,

B. The Portfolio

"hc aset of TDA CAM 4 is integrated by Shares and Cotfcates issued by the Sellr over loans granted
to private individuals for the acquisition, consuctin or resoration of a home located on Spanish sol,
vih a first montage on a propeny appeused by an Apprising Company. Some of the Mongage Loans
derive from subrogationsofhe private individual debor to promote loans

The Dee of Constitaion will formalis he issue of he Share and Cenáfiats and tir sale to he Fund.
The Sellers isuc of the Shares and Cerificats will encompass a ill undctermind number with am
Ovtstanding Nominal Balance equal or sigh inferior to 2.000.000.000 Euros

"The Montage Loans underiing the Shares and Ceniictes will be extracted from the 30.569 montage

loans with an Outstanding Nominal Balance of 2263,14025434 Euros on January 25, 2005 which
«compis th audited portfolio mentioned in Chapter o his Prospectas

46



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

Among the Mortgage Loans there are Mortgage Loans in which the Outstanding Nominal Balance does
ot exceed, on the date of the issue of the corresponding Shures, $O% ol the appraial value of the
propenies mongaged asa guarante oe corresponding Mortgage Loan hereon, Mongage Loans 1)

The remaining Mortgage Loans are loans in which the Outstanding Nominal Balance exce, om the date
of issue of he coesponding Certificate, NOS f he value of he properties mortgaged as a guarantee of
te corresponding Mortgage Loan (hecon, Mortgage Loans 2) The Outstanding Nominal Balance of the
Morgage Loans 2 wil not exce, in any even, 100% of th appeasal value ol the montgaged properties.

As holder of the Shares and Cenificts, the Fund will hold th rights recognised in the applicable
Jegislaon ad in th Shares and Certificates.

C. Subscription of Uh Shares and Certificates

Price, Subscription and Payment of the Shares and Certificates: the Sociedad Gestora shall subscribe
100% of te Shares and Certificates om behalf o he Fund.

"hc price of the Share and Certificates will e tir Outstanding Nominal Balance to Maturty, and will
o paid by the Sociedad Gestora, in the name of the Fund, to the Seller on hc Closing Date, March 9,

In the vent of the cancelltio of the constiuion o the Fund and, a a conseguence, of he ¡sue and
subscription of the Shares and Cerfcates (1 payment obligaions by the Fund from the Shares and
Cesliats il be canclled, and () th Sociedad Gestora vel! return o he Seller any right acrued in
favous oe Fund by the Shores and Certificates

"Taxation of the Shares and Certificates: Paymenis made to he Fund on account of return of the
Shars and Certificates will ot be subjcc o wiihholding of any Kind, in vr of article 59 K) of Royal
Decre 1777/2004, July 30.

In the event hat in the future, dec cr indirect, charges or expenses of said payments, ar established,
bey vil e pad by the Seller and vil be rimbursed by dh Fund inte cvent hi recovery

Nowithstnding the above, in hc cvent of ho modification of hc taraion regime and the stablishment
faxes, fees or wiibodings on he payments made by th Fund in respect of he interest oh Shares or
the Cerilicaes, which signilicamly allct the financial balance of the Fund, the Fund will be
extinguishod through the lquidasion of the remaining assts in accordance with section IILIO. af the

Prospocts.

Rights of the Fund from the Subscription of the Shares and Certificates: The Fund, as holder of hc
Share and Certificates, shall have th igasrecognised in th applicable legislton and in the Shares and
Cemilicates. ln pamicular, 8 wl have the right to receive all the payments made by the Mortgage Loan
¿bos from the Date of Consiution omwards with the cxceptions of th following paragraph, together
with any other payment arsing from the Mortgage Loans, provided such payments correspond to the
Shares and Certificate, The Shares and Cerificaes vil! begin to accrue interes from the Date of
Constan

In addition to the payments made by the Mortgage Loan debtors, any oler payment recived by tho
Sellr from the Mortgage Losns, including those ansing rom any ancllry rights to the Monago Loans
such as compensation derived from insurance policies, payments made by posible guarantors, tc, will
comespond lo the Fund, with the exception af commissions arising from delinquent interes, unpaid
receipt claims, subrogation and prepaymmen,toger vih any cbr commission that may correspond o
be Seller oc Shar and Certificates. Additional, he Fund will have the right to receive the amount,
“ssts or payment nights ol principal ar interest of tho Mortgage Loans, cier for he sale price or for the

“



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

“amount established by judicial or notry resolution in th forelosure of the motgages, fr he sule or
exploitaion af he properties forecload or as a conscquence of said foreclosures, in administration and
intemalpossesson ol he propenics undergoing forclosue. The Seller vil make necessary notifications
0 hat payments o he Sociedad Gestora are mado. Th Seller must undenake reasonable for to
maintain to tir full extent, the insurance policis in relation to the Mortgage Lou, and will be
responsible for any damages 10 he Fund inthe event te insurance policies have not been maintained,

Notifications

Tas Seller will continue 10 service the Mortgage Loans, in accordance with section IV. of this
Prospecta

The Sociedad Gestora may insrut he Seller to notify the issue of Shares and Cenificatos to the
dcbtars. In any cuen, the Seller vil grant he widest legal possible powers o he Sociedad Gestora so
hat may notify hc debtors and the ets tha, applicable, are necesary, when it so consider
convenient. In paricular, the Sociedad Gestora will noily th sal of Shares and Cenificates to the
debtors in the event lc replacement of the Seller in th servicing o the Mortgage Loans, and in the
event of the hankrupiey ol the Seller. Notfication to the debrors will follow th regulations and
"ankruptey procedures.

The Seller will pay all expenses related to the notification of th sale cven if such notification is
carried out by the Sociedad Gestora

Responsibility o e Seller as seller f the Credit Rights

The Sellr will not assume any responsibiliy n guarantecing directly or indiecly e success of the
operation, neiher vil 4 give guarantee r warrantics, nubes in vine of the Fund Regulations nor in
ar of any other pact or contract or this Prospects. AlL of he above is wilhout prejudice to the
responsiilis o he Seller n espec o hc management compromise in espec f he Mortgage Loans,
the Initial Expenses Loan Contract, h Subordinated Loan Contract and th Participativo Loan Contact
nd without prejuice to th responsiiliy derived from the Declaratons and Guarantces made by the
¡Seller and descnbd in section IV. his Prospectus.

Unai the granting of he Decd of Constition, e Sel vil benefi from the damage insurance contacts
subscribe by th debtss in reaion to the mongaged propenies, as guarantee of he Mortgage Loans, to
be fall amownt insure, and vil suhorise cach decd of the Mangage Loans o, in the event af he
dchor's damage insurance payment failure, the Seller will pay the debrors due amount in order to
maintain th insurance,

"hc Seller will lso formas, t the sas time oh granting o the Fund Regulations, the sale of the
issue of the Share and Certificates of the rights 4 holds s hencliciary o the damage insurance policies
ubscribod by the debxors and any other insurance policy granting simular cover. ln patícula, the
complementay and subsidiary global insurance policy artanged by the Seller and which guarantees
damage insurance cover in the event that ts amowntsinsurd have no or insuficient insurance. The Fund
vil be ent, therefore, as holder o the Shares and Ceticates,t all hc amounts due to the Seller for
such concept

"he sale and custody o he Shares and Certificates will be limied to institutional investrs

Due to the above and to the instimaional invesiment nature of the Fund, the issue of Shares and
Certificates vil ot include a marginal note in cach mortgage insrptin a th Propeny Registry.

In te cvent tt the Fund is forced to pay to 1hird parts any amount resulting from th issue and
ubscrguon of the Shares and Ceniiates which has not been paid on the date of ale because the

se



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

information provided by the Seller regarding Monago Losns was incomplt, the Seller will be
responsible 0 pay the Fund for any damage, expense, tax or penalty has incured.

“Other conditions derived from the general legal rgime o he Sharos and Certificates

Following Royal Decrec 685/1982, Regulación del Mercado Hipotecario, and the modiiations o Royal
Dese 1289/1991, Shares and Cenifiats ae lible to be sold through writen declaration in e same
dd and, in general, by any method accepted by Laws cir purchase or cusody s limited to institutional
imestors and muy be not be purchased by norspecialised publi, in accordance with aicle 64.1
Paragraph 2 of Royal Decree 685/1982. Bath he sal ad the addros o he new holder will be notified o
the sur

The seller will not be responsible for th solvency of th issuer or the debtor nor of he cover of the
Euarantccing montage.

The Seller, as isuing entity, wi open a special book to include the Shares and Certificates issued.
ogeibr with tir sals from which it recemes notification; Article 53 of Royal Decrec 665/1982 in
espec of nominal decde will be applicd to the Shares and Certificates. The book wil contain the
following data

a) Date of issue and maturiy of ho Mortgage Loan, initial amount and procedure for
Biquidation.

b), Registration data of he mongage.
D. Replacement of the Mortgage Share Certificates and the Mortgage Transfer Certificates

In the exccptional cireumstances following the Date of Constituion in which ht may be discovered tha,
despite the declaraions made by the Sel and ls cilos to ensure compliance, a patcular Share or
Certificate ar any of he Mortgage Loans from which they are issued, docs not comply, on the Date of
Consttuion, with te representaions set out in section IV. of the Prospectus and in Claus $ ol the
Fund Regulations the Seller underakos

(A) To replace he corresponding Share andior Conificate by anohor one with similar financial
baractorsts in terms of amount pendin collection crm to matuiy and interest rt, loan to value and
e haractrisucs of the mongage proper, and ús borrower, ive balancelpprasal value ato, that are
aceeptable to the Sociedad Gestora, notiicd to the Rating Agencies and hat he rating of the Bonds is nor
loci,

The amount accrud and not paid from the Share o Cenúficate to be replaced vil be paid by the Seller
oh Fund ate time of th replacement ol such Share or Cetiate.

In any case, in the event of replacement ola Star ando Certificate, hc Sel must demonstat hat he
¡Share ando Ceráficat is in accordance with th conditions refrrd o in section 1V-4. of the Prospects.

The Seller as soon as it becomes aware tha a Share and/or Cenficate o related Morgage Loan issued
does nor corespond lo the cited represenuation, will inorm the Sociedad Gestora and indicate the
Mortgage Loans that wal e presented to replace ic ful ones. he event at any of the Shares and
Cestliats are substitutd in accordance vih these provision, the Seller wil issue 4 new Mulple Decd,
vwbich will be substitod for ho one provided in accordance with the agreement on the Date ol
Consttson

This subituon of Shares and Conificaes will e notifcd to he Rating Agencies and will e included in
public deed. copy of which wall be sento the CNMV.

sw



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

(8 ln addition to the obligations assumed in (A) above, and in the exceptinal caes in which, the
ubstitation ls mot possible because the available Mortgage Loans, for reasons not atributabl to the
Seller, ae not similar to the securitised ponfolio in terms o (1) amount pending collection, () term to
maturiy, (di) interest rate, (1) characteristics of the borrower, (v) characenstcs ol the morigaged
propeny, live balance/appraial value rai, and he lack of conformity of any o these clements with
espe to th affected Share andior Certificate is sulicity important hat it adverse afects the
legalay or financial structure of he Fund and the rights and interests ol Bondholdess, in the justiid
opinion of he Sociedad Gestora, which will so inform the Seller nd the CNMV, th Seller will agree to
cimbare to he Fand's Account the outstanding principal of the comesponding Share and/or Ceiicate
“nd the interes accrucd and unpaid lo dae, togalher wih any amos roluted lo Mhe Shares and
Ceilicats and wbich corresponde o the Fund. The Sociedad Gestora will destine the amowntsreccived
from the carly amostisaion of he Shares and Cenúicaes o the amorisaion of the Bonds on the
following Payment Date.

The Seller undenakes to make formal hc replacement of Shares and Conificutes in public decd and in
be form and terms stblishod by the Sociedad Gestora, and o provide information regarding Such
¡Shuars and Cenificates the Sociedad Gestora consides appeopriste. The replacement vil be noiid to
the Rating Agencies and a copy ofthe de will e sent to he CNMV.

1 any debtor opposes such compensation, ar the Date of Consituon, the Sole vil naty the
Sociedad Gestora and will pay the Fund he amount corresponding 10 the amount compensated. plus
“damages derived and uffcionly justifico he Seller

FE Custody ofhe Sharos and Certificates

On the Date of the Constitution of the Fund, the Seller wil deliver the Muliple Decds represeing the
Mortgage Share Certificates and Mortgage Transfer Cenilicts subscribed, to the Sociedad Gestora,
which will proceed to deposit the Decds wi the Financial Agent, in accordance with the provisins od
the Financial Service Contract

1V2  Servicing of the Mortgage Loans

In accordance with amicle 61 (3) o Royal Decree 689/1982, of March 17%, and in section 2) of Anticle
2 of Royal Decree 926/1998, he Seller undoraks to maintain the custody and servicin ol the Mongage
Loans lt has issued, remaining responsible to underake whatever actions are necessary for the tietive
collecion af the Mongage Loans. In any case, the Sociedad Gestora, on behal of 1bc Fund, vil
under to exercso al powers that, in th case of default in he payment by the borrower, correspond to
te holders f the Shares and Certificates in amic 66 of Royal Decree 685/1982,

"hc Seller vil be responsible fr all taxes, direc or indirect, charges or expenses acrued and incured by
e Soller r those that must be passed om in relation o th provision ol administration services for the
Mortgage Loans, without projudice to 4 right to receive reimbusement from th debtors or from the
Fnd in th even of ls recovery

IV2.1. General Compromises of the Seller us administrator

"The Seller, in relation to the Mortgage Loans it admite will declare to the Sociedad Gestora and the
Fonda vá:

6) Take all necessary steps to ensure th performance of the Mortgage Loans, including judicial or
extrajudicial procecdings, under th conditions st ot in he following section

so


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

Gi Take all necessary amd indicated measures to maintain or cxccute the guarantee and other
úbligatons rising from he Mortgage Loans.

(ii) Take into account the interests of he Bondholders in cr relations with th debio and in the
excrciving ol any discretomary power rsuling from performance of the services speciid in he
Fund Regulations and in e Prospecus.

(0) Carry a al reasonable instructions from the Sociedad Gestora, in accordance with the Fund
Regulations and the Prospecto.

(6) Obain and muintin in full for license, approvals, auhoristion and conser that may be
necessary for the implementation of lis services or convenien in relation to the development ol
te Fund Regulations ad his Prospecus.

lis dui.

(05) Have tits isposal sufiien equipment and stato fl

"hc Seller, as administrator of Ue Mortgage Lou, vil not be responsible for the dbts of the Sociedad!
¡Gestora or the Fund, in relation o he Bonds, or obigations ol any debtor by vinue ol any Montage
Loan.

Specficaly,ihe Selr, as administrator of the Mongage Loans will not be responsible for any los,
responsiiliy, lam or expense suffeed or incured by the Sociedad Gestora or the Fund as result ol
te provision of services by the Seller as established in ho Fund Regulations and in the Prospectus,
except when such los, responibily, claim or expense is suleed or incured s result of a negligence
“ar omissin of he Seller in respect of te Shares and Centiicates it administers, or any non -complince of
is obligaions by virue of the Fund Regulation and the Prospectas. a these event th Seller will pay
be Fund or the Sociedad Gestora for the losss and damages sulered (and justilid by the Sociedad.
(Gestora) a  consequence ol such negligene or non-compliance.

In any event, the Fund, through the Sociedad Gestora will be able 10 make use of the legal options
available against th Seller in the event of non-<ompliance of ls obligaions, included in the comracis
<ubscribod with th Sociedad Gestora.

1V22. Administration Services of the Mortgage Loans

For the administration of the Mortgage Loans, th Seller will dedicate the same timo and atenion, and
vil efe the same level of accuracy, care and diigence as that dedicated to the adminsrain of other
mortgage loans, and in any case, will exenta reasomable level of accuracy, care and diligence when
vindertakig ts functions

"hc Seller, in respect of the Shures and Certificates it administes, vil bo auhorised to modi the
ertra for hcir administran, included in the Intenal Memorandum on Mongage Loun Granting
anmexed to the Fund Regulations, whenever the modiicaions do not negatively afec hc administration
of Abe Shars and Certificate, and ho Sociedad Gestora is notified. The rating assigned to the Bonds by
te Rating Agencies must not be negativly affected.

In paricula, hc Seller, as Morgage Loan administrator, will maintain al! the deeds, documents and les
elative to the Mortgage Loans and any olher anclluy right of the Mortgage Loans, together with
relevant documents under sale cusody, and will ot reinquis he possesion,custody or control, unless
bere is write authorisation rom th Sociedad Gestora in the name of the Fund; unless () si favour
of a subcontracior or delegate clected following current legisation, o (6) lt permi the Seller, as
“administrator of Uhe Mortgage Loans, nivisteforeclosur of he Mortgage Loans



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

"he Seller, as Mortgage Loan administrator, will continue o collect the amounts due by virue of the
Mongage Loans or any other ancilary right and will ensure that all the payments to be made by tho
bos or thor persons, by virue of he Morgage Loans or any other ancilary right, ar collected, in
“accordance with th terms and conditions ol sd Mortgage Loans, on he applicable dates

3) Recourse against the debtors

In the event of delay in the puymets dus by the debrors by vie of he Mortgage Loans sold he
Seller, as loun administrator, vil! underake the actions described in the Intemal Memorandum on
Mortgage Loan Graming annexed to the Fund Regulations, adoptng all he measures a reasonable
ereditor would undenslke, cemifsing tt such actions do not afec th management of he Fund nor the
“tig assigned o the Bonds by the Rating Agencies

In any even, and the excnt of the payment failure by the debtor of he Mortgage Loan underying the
issue ol Shares and Centiiats grouped in the Fund, the Socia Gestora, on behalf of the Fund, will
exercise alle options established in Antic 66 ol Royal Decrec 685/1982,

In the event of a competitive situation as established in section b) of Anticle 66 of Royal Deeree
SS/1082, the right ol adjudication in payment will comespond to th Fund and the share of t final
result vil be cfccod si describod inthe Anicl.

In hc estat any of cases described in paragraph c) ad d) of the Article occur, and as a consequenco
the Sociedad Gestora, in the name of the Fund, s subrogated to he Seller in Uh procedure initial by
be Seller ora forecosureproces is intited, he Sociedad Gestora wi proceed to sel properties in
the shontest possible time allowed under he market conditions at ho time, The Seller will have tb right
df repurchase ol the propenics mortgagod as guarantces of the Mortgage Loans it administes and tt are
sold to tbe Fund, in he 10 business days following hc dat in which the Sociedad Gestora noti the

intenion to sell the propeny. The right to repurchase will require that tho Seller may purchase the
properties under he same conditions as hey were oferd o the Sociedad Gestora

Allah options described in his section, in relation to the Shares and Certificates, wil be carried out
“under th terms descrbod in Te IV of Book HI of Law 1/2000 Enjuiciamiento Cil and Royal Deere
S/1082,

1) Recourse against he Seller

The Sociedad Gestora, on behalf the Fand, will take excctivo action again th Sellr to guarantee
e maturty of he Loan bot for Principal and Interes, when the non-paymnent of such amount s not the
xesult of the non-payment by the Mortgage Loan debtrs.

Furthcmore, in th vent that th Seller docs not fu is obligacion: of the previous section he Fund.
rough the Sociedad Gestora, will take action against the Seller in accordance wih the procedures
established in the Ley de Enjuiciamiento Cv.

Following the extincion of Shares and Cerifiats, hc Fund, through the Sociedad Gestora, will
maintain th ig to take action against he Sllr until als bligations have been camod ut

1V23, Subcontracting

"he Seller, in respoct of the Monago Loans it administrs, is end to subcontact or delegte to tira
parts of recognised solveney and capaci, th performance of any ol the services listed in section
1V22. provided () ts legally possible, (i) he CNMV is notified in advance ad al ue authoisrions
are granted, (ti) he Sociedad Gestor, on behalf of he Fund, provides wrin agreement, iv) he sub-
ontracior or delegate has a rating vbich docs not damage the rings assgnod to the Bonds by he Rating

s


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

Agencies, and whenever (4) the sub-contrcior or delegate has walved al! sights of recourse against the
Fund, and to cxtinguish such subcontrats ando delegations

In any case, nchr the Sociedad Gestora or th Fund vil assume any additional responsibility otr than
hereto described, in relation to coi or expenses derived from the such subcomrcting or delegaton, or
the teminaton ola contract

Despite any sub-contact or delegatin, the Seller shall be neither cxonerated nor discharged from any ol
the responsiblits established in the Fund Regulations and in is Prospecta.

1V24. Substitution of the Seller by the Sociedad Gestora, us administrator of the Sharos and
Certificates

In the event that the Sociedad Gestora establish the non-compliane of he Seller as Mortgage Loan
adiinistrtos, o he obligations set cut in his section, or the occurrence of an vent tha, int opinion of
te Sociedad Gestora, implics damage or risk to the financial sructure of the Fund or the righis and
interes of the Bondholders, the Sociedad Gestora will, in accordance with curent Igistation, (1)
ubstit Ahe Seller as administrator ol Ahe Shuves and Certificates, or Gi) request the Seller lo sub-
contract or delegte the performance ol sud obligations to a person that in Ib opinion ol he Sociedad!
(Gestora. has te technical capacity to undenak such functions. The Sociedad Gestora will take into
“account te proposal ol the Seller on the designation of the substite. The Sellr must undentak such
<ub-<ontactng or delegation.

Funthcmmore, df a comorat, legal or judicial decision is taken on the liquidation, termination or
intervention of the Seller, or the Seller requests to be declured in 3 leal suation of suspension of
payments or bankruptey. ora ted party presets such request, the Sociedad Gestora will substiu the
¡Sellers adminiimor of Mortgage Loans, permite by curen epson

1! permitted by the current legission, he now administrator of the Mortgage Loans vil be designatd by
tb Sociedad Gestora, once the coesponding administrative authors have been consult, and he
tin assigned to the Bonds is not negatively affected Th designation will be natfcd to the Rating
“Agencies and the CNMV. The Sociedad Gestora will age with the nev sdminisator the amount to be
eccived.wih charge to he Fund. This amount will e considera an Extraordinary Expense and will
paid following th Priority Order of Payments described in section V-2.0f this Prospectus.

1 permitd by the current leislaon, th Seller may reques lis substtion in th administration f he
Morgage Loans, and all expenses generated by the ubstution will e paid by th Seller. The Sociedad
¡Gestora will boris the substtuin 1 the Seller has found an entity o replace 1 and the rating
assigned to the Bonds by the Rating Agencies has not ocn negaiely affected. The substtuion will be
otficdto tb Rating Agencies and the CNMV.

In the event ol the substitaon, the Seller will forward to the new administrator sl! the documents
ecessary to underake ls activi

1V25. Modifications to the Mortgage Loans

ln accordance wi ace 25 of Royal Docs 685/1982 of Marc, 17, h Sell is nor e (wir
tb consent of th Sociedad Gestora) o volunariy cancel the Monigas underying th Sres and
Cenilices fr any ah cason lr tan payment fe Mongage Loans. to wave rcompound them,
to mal a novaon ole Mortgage Los, to remito pardos Um arial or ful. 1 prorgue em
+, in general cry ut any ac at might impar or decrease eran, Legal enorcabiy or cvonomic
vale al the Mortgages or the Mongage Loans except by the modificaons outined in te following
paragraph



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

"he Seller, as Mortgage Loans administrator will, from the Dat of the Constitution of dh Fund, a long
as he rating assigned to the Bonds is not impaied, the payments to the Fund are not afíeced in a
egtivo way. and tt notice i given to th Sociedad Gestora and by the later to the Rating Agencies.
o emiedos

(0 Permitsubrogations o the Morgage Loun contacts provided hat th characteristics of he new
ebtor are similar o those of th existing deblor and that these are consistnt with the criteria
«ontaind in he Internal Memorandum for Mortgage Loans Granting by he Seller

6) Agres wit he borrowers modification in the rte of interest and Final matar of the Monago
Loans. ln his case. the Seller vil issue a new multiple decd including the new interest and
maturiy ofthe Mongage Loans

Modilications 0 Ue Interest Rate: In accordance with the Fund Regulations and this Prospectus, in the
vent that the Seller agres the modificaions of he imerest rates of a Mortgage Loan, and as a
«onsequence th modification af ts coresponding Share o Cenifiat, th aggregat intros accruod by
te Mortgage Loan vil still coespond to th Fund.

"hc Seller may renegotiate a lower inerst rte margin for the Morgage Loans, vit independence from
cir type ol reference, whenever the new wcighd average interest ate ol the Shars and Centicates
sis, is not below th Interest Rate ofthe Bonds, plus 10%.

Modilications to te Final Maturity of the Mortgage Loans: n accordance vit he Fund Regulations
“and this Prospecta, he Seller can modif th final dat of maturty for the Mortgage Loans, as long as
te allowing conditions are met

(a) "That in all cases, hc frequency of th scheduled amortisaion payments of he Morgage Loan's
principal is maintsined o reduced, maintining tir current amonisaio system

(0) Thatiñe nv final matara date f the los is maximum of wo cars peor to April 11, 2036.

(c) That e Mortgage Loan to be modificd has not sulfered any delays in the payment of due
instalments in the sx months prior o th modification, and the Monago Loan e currently being
paid

(4) "That corresponding decd af modificaon of the Mortgage Loan is granted and inscrbed in the
Property Register muitaiing the category o ist montage.

(6) "That expenses deived from he modification of the Mortgage Loans are bom by th Seller or
the Mortgage Loan debtor and, in no case by the Fund.

(0) "The sum of te initial balance of the Mortgage Share Certificates vih an extended maturty tem
vil not xcced 59 af initial balance of the Mongage Loans groyped an he Fund.

(8) In no case will he Seller, as Mortgage Loan administrator, decide without prior reques rom the
debtor he modification ol the final maturty date of the Mortgage Loan. The administrator will
cti reaion to said modification, always taking into account th interests of Fund,

The Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the Fund, will, at any time during the lie of the Fund, cancel o
uspend te modification of he final matuiy date on behalf of Seller

In he above cases, th modification of the Mortgage Loan will not affect thedeclaaions and guarantes
included in section IV.4. the Prospects.

In event hat here is a e-negotiaio of the interes rate of any Mortgage Loan. or the modification of
li final maturiy, the Seller, as Morgage Loan administrator, vil immediately communicate o the
¡Sociedad Gestor the result be negotiaons

se



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS

Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Untsman" dal e Slug oia dc edo cen an e Fo metal
ea ee bald son nd reso o e No o

IVA Mechanisms for Granting the Mortgage Loans

"The Mongage Loans have been granted by th Seller to privat individuals for the purpose of financing
vita Morgags guarantee he acquisition, construction or rehabiltaon of rsidences located on Spanish
oil. A semor Mongage on the full ownersbip of cach and every propeny guaraneos sad loans in
question, valued by an Appraisal Agency. Some of loans derive from debo subrogations in promoter
fosos

On the Date of he Constaion, as dclared by ho Seller, there are no lawsuis of any Kind whutsocver
relating to he Mortgage Loans that could impair cir valid.

"The Morgage Loans have ben granted by the Seller in accordance wit dir usual procedures, which
are described in th Fund Regulations, Memorandum for the Granting of Mortgage Loans

IV..1. Historical Information on the Portfolio of Mortgage Loans

"The following tables show historical information on the Mortgage Credit portfolio of he Seller
Information is provided on the cvolution ol hc amownts of ho mortgage credit

Allah amount ar stated in thousands Esros and dated December 31' of cach year and refer o cach
individual Seller.

To 1530582] eo9.0s| 2102000243642 50.95.108
Co amante eses | 5071920] 11725810 1016.23[24 79008
Ci amuant vih Real senos | eso7ie ion [9570 1507100s
Mortgage om sz | 0559 | 10710:05 | 52.00 1531023

e mortgage ln 159 | 2279 | es] 250 | 079

elo 35020 | 7097 | 0x0 | 190721121207
Nam. ree Home mortgage loans sos | 11230 | tos | rato | 102520
rat Losas vil 230 dez arre 22 | | an | ns | aa
esc provision halance ae os a]
have Balance l Def Loan [ES ET EI ESA ESA
real arre Econ 9 da 3] 2635 | ess | amo [ens
her 0 hee notas la 002708 ICC A AT MT

Total accumulatod balance,
+ Loans with arras over 365 days.

IVA Declarations and guarantees in respect of the Seller, the Mortgage Share Certificates
“and the Mortgage Transfer Certificates and the Mortgage Loans

"The Seller, a holder of lts Mortgage Loans, declare and guarantess to the Fund and o the Sociedad:
Gestora, in respecto the Seller, the Shares and the Cenificats issued and. with respect o the
Mortgage Loans on the Date of the Constitution of the Fund, that:

IV. With respect to the Seller


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

1) Tati a codi institution dly established in accordance with curent legislacion, is register
in he Registro Mercantil and the Credir Insituion Register a the Bank of Spain is auhorised to
panicipate in the Mortgage Loan Market

2) That t has not been declaed insolvet, in temporary eceivership or bankruptey or has etered a
situation that muy revoke its authoriation as credit institution, as of the date of the Prospects or
at any time since ls establishment

3) That ithas obtained all of the required authorisatins, both administrative and corporate, for the
valid grati ol the decd of constitution of the Fund and the commitments underiken in such.
ed and the other agreements relatd to the establishment of he Fund.

4) Thatithas audited annual accounts (closed on December 31% 02001, 2002 and 2005) for the lat
bre business years with, a he least,  favourable opinion of the Auditors for the period ending.
on December 31%, 2003. The accounts have been deposited at the Comisión Nacional del
Mercado de Valores nd 31 hc Regisiro Mercanil. Accouas for the period ending December 31%,
2004, are pending appeoval by the appropriate coporate body of th Seller and verfication by the
uds

5) That complic fully with he curent data protection legistaion,

1va42.W

respect o the Shares and Certificates

1) That the Shares and Cerúlficats ae issued in accordance with Law 2/1981, Law 44/2002, Royal
Desree 685/1982 and other applicable legisiaion and suit al requirements establish thercin
for the isue of the Shares and Centiicaes; and in particular that the issue of the Shares and
Cenilicaes satisfics the proviions af anicles 59 and 62 of Royal Decree 685/1982, with espeet
o Abe amount of mortgage warrats issued by the relevant Seller, The Shaves a isued wit the
protection ol he Mortgage Loans 1. satisying all the requirements in Section 1 of Law 2/1981
“and Chapter 2 of Royal Decree 685/1982, and the Cenúicates are issued wit he protection of the
Mongage Loans 2, which do not saisiy suid requirements, all in accordance with Adáiional
Disposition $ of Law 3/1994, in the wording se out by Article 18 of Law 44/2002,

2) That the board of directors of th Seller has validly adopted al f the necessary agreements for
e isue of th Shares and Centificaes.

IVA3. With respect to the Mortgage Loans derived from the portfolio of Shares and
Certificates grouped in the Fund!

1. "The existence, validiy and exccutbilizy of the Morigage Loans in accordance widh current
Jegislaion, and a all of applicable leal provisons have been respectd in th grant thrgol

2. Tha the Sellr has the ownersip tie of he cmirety of 1he Mortgage Loans, and Ahere is no
indrance to th issue ol the comesponding Shares and Certificates that represent the Mortgage
Loans.

3. That he dat elating o hc Mortgage Loans included in Annex $ of hc Fund Regulations and in ho
Maltple Deods, ele he cure station on the date of he data, as included in be compate files
df such Mortgage Loans, and that such data is core complete and docs not contain any ero or
mistpresentaton, Fur, any additional information on the characteristics of the Loan portfolio of
the Seller contained in the Prospectus is correct and docs not contain any cror or misepresentaion.

5


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

4. Furthemmoro, it decars that all Mortgage Loans acerue variable interest rats wilhost prejudico to
be fact tha, during an initial period, fed rats might be agrecd on. No maximum limit fr intros
te has ben established fr the Mortgage Lom.

5. "Tha all of the Loans were granted to private individuals for the purpose of financing the purchase,
construction or retoratin af homes located on Spanish soi. Some o! the lomas are derived from
¿ebtorsubrogations from promoter loans.

6. "That a senor Montage on th full owmnersip of cach and every propery guarantes the Loans in
question. The mortgagod propetcs may not oppose resoluon or any other Kimitaton sigh

7. "Tha ll Montgages are dly constued and register in the corresponding registrics, ber complete
regisiraon deta menticned in tbe Fund Regulations and in the appropnate Multiple Decde. The
registran of te propents s in fos and unchalengod and is nat subject to any limitaion wit
preference over he mortgage, in accordance with current legisaios.

8. Tate Mortgages have fall owmnersip of e eirty of he properties on which he Mortgages are
«onsútuted (properties which full tc requirements o ace 23 of Royal Decree 685/1982), and the
Sellers not aware ob the existence of any lawsui rlating o the tido of Such properts

9. "That all mongagod housing has been subject to previous appeaisal by Apprising Companies dely
registered by the Bank of Spain and th the appraisals have been appropriate certified, Such
“pprsials a ll requirements established in hc lesion sppliable o he mortgage market

10, The Oustanding Nominal Balance of cach Mongage Loan 1 docs not cxceed 80% 0f the aprisa
value of hc mortgaged propi in guarante of cach Mortgage Loan 1, on the date of the issue of
te Monago Share Cerliates

11. The Outstanding Nominal Balance of each Mongage Loan 2 does not excced 100% of he aprisa
value of hc mortgaged propetcs in guarante of cach Mortgage Loan 2, on the date of the issue of
be Mongage Transfer Cenilicaes

12. That in espect ofthe Mortgage Loans, th Seller is not aware of any reduction of more than 20% of
Abe appeal value of any of he properties

13, Tha al properties subject to mongage have (1) insurance coverage against th risk of damages, the
insured amount covering least he apprisl value of he dweling (exluding the value of the land)
xr the balance on January 25, 2005, or (i) that the Seller has arranged a complementary and
ubsidary global insurance policy o guaranes damage insurance in the cvent that no such poliy has
en aranged fr the property

14, That ib information regarding th insurance and any cbr ancilly rights ruedo the Mortgage
Loans complete and accurate, and sa fill representaion of ral

15, That the Seller s aware tha al be insurance policies refered 10 in paragraph (13) and (14) are
ing paid

16. That he mongaged propenies underying the Mongage Loans are not excluded from becoming.
guarantee in accordance with Article 31.1.) of Royal Decree 685/1982, and the Mortgage Louns
Full th requirements of article 32 of Royal Decroo 685/1982 and can accordingly buck ho isc ol
Share and Cemtificates

7. That the Mortgage Loans have been granted following market criteria,



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

18. That hc citeia contained in he Memorandum On Th Granting of Mortgage Loans, amexed to the
Fund Regulations, has ben properly followed and tha hey ae hose normally used y the Sellr in
be grating of Mortgage Los, nd at they arc in compliance with current relevar epson

19. That he Mortgage Loans ar represented in public deeds

20. hat ll te doc refeming to mortgages on dclings and o he Montgage Losns ar duly deposite
vida tbe Seller, and are available to the Sociedad Gestora. Al! the Mongage Loans ae clearly
identifica, in computeised files as well as in their decds, and they are subject to analysis and
"monitoring by the Seller.

21. That all Mortgage Loans are and have been serviced by ho Seller in accordance with ls usual
procedures for he servicing of Mongage Loans.

22. Tha here are no Lavwsuis whasocver related to the Mongage Loans hat might impai he valid
Abrcof or tha may fore th application of ale 1,535 of he Civil Codo, and tha hey arc unaware
df the existence ol cinumstances at may resul! in ho Fale of Abe purchase contract of the
morgaged propenyvbich guaranteos ds Monago Losas.

23. That none of the Mongage Loans willhave no overduc payments fora term of more than 30 days.

24. Tha no debor hold a credi right against the Seller wih the sight to counters agains the late,
insuch a way hat the rights dened from the Shares and Centiicte are negatielyaflctd,

25. That no debtor can cuim any exception or defence against he Sole as regards the payment of any
“mount related to the Mortgage Loans.

26. That noti has not been given th Seller referring 10 prepaymnent of the Monago Lou,

27. That there ae mo cincumstances Ahiat might jeopadis the execution of the Montage guarantecs
related o the Mortgage Lon,

28. That no person has a right refrential to tas of the Fund, a holder of he Shares and Centiicates, as
regando the collection of the amouts srising from the Mortgage Loans except preferential legal

gt

29. hat in respect of the Mortgage Loans, e maximum risk level grant to 3 single mortgage (defined
as the sum OP the live balances of al the Mortgage Loans granted toa single mortgage by th Seller
does mot exceed, on January 25, 2005, 818,472.07 Euros

20. That the Mortgage Loans muy not issue mortgage bonds, and hat following the issue of the Shars
“and Cenficates, will not issue mongage warrats, mongage bonds, shares or ber cenficaes

31. That the Shares and Cenifiats ae isued for the sume term pending o maturity and for he same
interes rate af cach one of Mortgage Loans they comespond to.

32. That on the day of he isus, he Outstanding Nominal Balance to Matuity of cach Mortgage Loan is
equivalent he amount of capital of th corresponding Share or Certificate

35. That final maturity date of he Mortgage Loans is prior o Ape 1, 2036.

34. That tc information on the Shares, Certificates and Mortgage Loans contain in this Prospetas is
exactand refcts tir current station.

35. That all he Loans re in Euros and will only be paid in Euros
se


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

36. That none of he Mortgage Loans have claues allowing the delay of perodio payment of both
interest amd principal

37. That th payment obligaions of all the Mortgage Loans are camcd out through direct banking
ranser

38. Tha onthe date of he Constiion ft Fund, cach Mortgage Loan has paid a Jas two quotas.
39. Tha periodicty o nes and amonisuion quots is monthly and quarter

0. Thatthe entire capital oe loan has been wide

1. Thattber reno VPO Loans among the Montage Loans.

Information on the a

portfolio
"The Mortgage Loans included in the ponfolio are 30,569 on January 25, 2005, with a live balance on
such date of 2263,140/254.34 Euros and have th following characteristics

> current annual interes rates betucen 18719 and 65%

remaining weight average tem to muturty 233 months:

- all Mortgage Loans accrue interest aa variable rate without prejudico to Ah fact that
¿long animal period xd rates may ave be esablisd.

The purpose of the Mortgage Losns underiyng the Shares and Cenifiats is the acquisition and!
rhabiltaon of homes by private individuals on Spanish oil, Nr louns to promotrs nor ose
¿estined to finance properties her han housing have been included in te selected pontíolio. Some of
be Mortgage Loans might include, a a guaratee, another ype of property (parking lt, premises) at
vil always be atachod to the dwellin that constuts the main guarante of he Mortgage Loan.

Tre following table illusrate the distribution of th audit loans according to geographical location of
be property, date of isue, curnt balance, interest rat, reference rat, remaining term to matury,
antquiy, loan to value ratio and areas. These tables have been claboratedwih information cuen as ol
January 25, 2005.


AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA CAM

fuere 2 aos see EN 3 E
faena me meca 0 e EN 35 E
feaLcanes. en onsezaia E] E ae

[panceLona 168 vieasnaizss sa e 2 330

[eásrenion 00. sacos 238 En 3% ss
[een 00. ersasozie 104 e E 32 des
[Exconusa H eres E ES 2 2
finono. 1778 ranas: Dm 2 30 de
funcaca. ss 7 03 20 Su 20
[rarnácowa 5900 aa 10 ES 33

[vátencia E EN



Information as ol 2501/2005

IDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA CAM 4 ISSUE
by issue dat

0 WEIGHTED. Min. tax
issuepare num  TOTALCURRENT  cummEnT MEIONTEDAYERAGE WEIRD AVEO AVERAGE — CURRENT CURRENT
BALANCE EUROS — BALANCE % CURRENT INTEREST INTEREST

(months) (months) INTERESTRATE — RATE RATE

17587.03
101-279,48

544.700,80,

42218752

2966.199.51

4:198:244,12

5347.591,79

18516:558.26

49.588.240.13

99.327.127.59

13972229571

222.551.465.18

280.273978.95

827.599.577.48

1416.262500,75

TOTAL 30569 2262.140.254,34

er


AUDITED PORTFOL!

TDA CAM 4 ISSUE



Information as of 25/01/2005

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA CAM 4 ISSUE
(Grouped by curent Interest Rate)

o se Wectneo sx
cunner nenes ora cumenr > cumnenr WEGMTED AVERAGE WEIGHTED AVERAGE jEnAGE — mncunnENT CUBREN
mare GE EUROS BALANCES SUnENT IMTENESTRATE INTEREST

(months) (months) INTEREST RATE ño

SES7512
28794125596
181036551852
158.718:984.88
998285,71
38503.05
2263.140:254:24



Antormatlon as al 26/04/2005.

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA CAM 4 ISSUE

00925215900
51859355380
7020988315

3 3504.13658

16305 1StSto798s
200 > essserooss
50 arseaDo0Ds

18526775

ae2sosen De



Information as of 25/01/2005.

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA CAM 4 ISSUE

(Grouped by Remaining Term)

o o vwrsceneo sas
veunnncterar mum TOTAL CURRENT cumngnr MEGHTED AVERAGE WEIGNTED AVERAGE MAsEnAGE — Ún.cumnenr CUBREN
o BALANCE EUROS BALANCE % ml CURRENT. INTERESTRATE — INTEREST.

(months) INTEREST RATE

000-1500

1500-3090

300-4510

4500-5000

8000-7500 11149751,54
7500-9000 20.073.95450
90.00 - 105.00, 26.260.099.54
105,00 120.0 56.042.321.69
120.00 195,00 49962.060.73
135.00 150.90 48.200.445.34
150.00 - 165.00 109.498.963.94
165.00 - 180.90 150.589.354.77
180.00 195,00 75928.892.81
195.00 -210.90 91712091.00
210.0 - 22590 258.863.490.47
225.0 - 240,00 322.590.944, 52.
240,00 - 25590 52.544.49652
255.00 - 270.90 7.588.527 28
270.0 - 28590 290284.74.19
285,00 - 300.00 375229.08921
300.0 - 31590 4771597256
315,0 - 330.0 16687325172
200.0 - 345,0 8271590
345,00 - 360.00 1259.240.34
375.0 -390.90 130,109.52

30.569 2269.140.25434 100.00
"Certain interval are not showned fo nal existing the corresponding remaning term,



Information as of 25/01/2005.

TS

000-1500
1500-3090
300-4510
4500-5000
8000-7500
7500-9000
90.00 - 105.00,
105,00 120.0
120.00 195,00
135.00 150.90
150.00 - 165.00
180.00 195.00

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA CAM 4 ISSUE

WEIGHTED
AVERAGE
CURRENT

INTEREST RATE

WIEIGHTED AVERAGE WEIGHTED AVERAGE
INITIAL TERM REMAINING TERM
(months) (months)

TOTAL CURRENT CURRENT

NUM BALANCEEUROS BALANCE %

EE
206531.094.05,
466.567.523.34
200.532.442.23
121.097.896.80
4715433308
1947170945
531777936
322575444
988.952.55
160295:92
17,567.93

30.569 2269.140254:34 100.00

Min. CURRENT
INTEREST RATE

Max,
CURRENT
INTEREST



AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA CAM 4 ISSUE
(Groupe by Loan to Value)

WEIOHTED.

tn.
LOTALG ar” WEIGHIED AVERAGE WEIGHTED AVERAGE > AVERAGE —— WEIOHTED "
LOANTO VALUE RATIO NUM Fora CUBMENT  CUARENT  INIMIALTERIA — REMAINING TERM — CURRENT AVERAGELOANTO pueneny
BALANCE EUROS BALANCE % INTEREST

(moros) sons) INTEREST LUE RATIO.
4 3

WEIGHTED.

tas
Viene
bu TOTALCURRENT CURRENT WEGNTEDINMAL WEGNIEO RESIDUAL AN han.cuRREN CURRENT

DELNQUENO (momo) MA LANCCLOROS: BALANCES AATONTY mori) MATURI Y Iman) UR cor nATE — IEREST
nenes 3

Max.

CURRENT

INTEREST
RATE



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Fene Hainal e Had e Val e Span Seas Mara Cons "CMA on Mr, 208 Ts “sl
[eman" daa rol lenguas hu) il dci md Laos de ME Pel Irma hno
ea ee bald son nd reso o e No o

CHAPTER Y

FINANCIAL AND ECONOMIC INFORMATION RELATING TO THE
FUND TDA CAM 4

Val. Iniial Balance of the Fund, Table of Assumptions and Estimated Eehaviour ol the

Financial Flows of the Fund.

Inial Balance of th Fund

z A Bonds 1952000:00 0)
Monge Sres TS on 0000

[rca Ita Espers Eo 21050000]

Sue Lo vie omar]

V.1.1.Assumptions
"The tables below refer to three of th possible assumptins, (constant prepayment ates of 5%, 10%
“and 15%) that, in respect ol th income and payments made by the Fund, might occur during the life
fte Fund and the Bonds issuc,

For th calculation of de financial service table of he Fund, the data has boen taken from the
poruli rferred to in he previous Chapter as of January 25, 2005,

ln relation o the Shares and Cert

tes

+ Volume of he Loan Portfolio from which the Mortgage Loans underiying the issue of Motgage
Share Cericates and Mortgage Transíer Cenlicates will selected: 2263,140,254.34 Euros on
Jamasy 25, 2005.

+ Maximum amount of the Outstanding Nominal Balance of Shars and Comifictes on the Date of
he Consttution of the Fund: 2.000.000.000 Euros. To elaborate the financial information
included in this Prospects, a selection has been mudo from the ponfolio described in Chapter IV,
vvith th following distribution:

+ Share 1785.839,669.54 Euros
e


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

+ Comilicates 214,160.330:46 Euros.

Interest Rate: the weighted average interest rue for the Shares and Centficutes” portfolio is
3,37%, without prejudice to the revisions which will be established in accordance with the

following paragraph.

+ The interest rate of the Mortgage Loans on cach period: the current margin on January 25, 2005,
is applicd for cach one of them to ts own interest rate. From May 31. 2005. 4 will be held
constant, and its value is calculated: ) for the mortgage loans refrred to MIBOR and EURIBOR,
he vals is equal to the Reference Interes Rate of the Bonds; b) for Loans vih reference rates
diferent from those above, hc value is equal to he Reference Interest Rate plas 1.1315

+ Weighted average remuining life of ho Shares and Contficaes contained in the portfolio: 233
moni

+ Annual prepayement rate: ascumption SO, 10% and 15%
+ Annual percentage ol Shares and Centficatos vih amears otr than Defaulted: 0%

+ Shares and Cenifictes Default rate: 0.3% anmually from February 2006, and 75% of monthly
ecoveries fom the Detaulted Stock a year later.

Bonds
+ Total Amount: 2.000.000.000 Euros.
ABonds: — 1.952.000.000 Faros
B Bonds: — 48,000.000 Euros
+ Interest Rate Variable annual ntrestto be paid quanery. The Bond's interest rate ist result of
the following sum: an EURIBOR rate of 2.144%, plus a margin o 0.106 for the A Bonds and a
margin of 0-30% forthe B Bonds.
Initial Expenses Loan

+ Amount: 2,105,600 Euros. The amount is destined o the payment of th Initial Expenses of the
Loan.

+ Interestrate: te loan accrues a variable annual interest rte equal to the Reference Interest Rate of
the Bonds during tt period. plus a margin 01 0.75%.

+ Amorisation:tbe amortiation vil ak place in 20 consecutive and equal intalments, he fis of
“which will take place on the first Payment Date (June 27, 2005) and the ret on the following.
Payment Dates

Subordinated Loan:

+ Amount: 6.000.000 Euros The amount of the Loan will be used by the Sociedad Gestora to cover
Abe deficit of the Fund, on the fist Payment Date, between the interest acerued and interest paid
fte Shares and Cerliates.

+ Ioterest Rat: the Loan beurs a varible annual interest rate equal to the Reference Interest Rate of
the Bonds dorng such period plas a margin of 0.75%

0


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

+ Amorisation: on the first Payment Date, the loan will bo amorised in an amount suffciet o
qual the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Subordinate Loan to the deficit amount resuling.
from the accrual and collection of the interest from he Shares and Comilictes. Nevertheless,

this dic is zero (because the Available Resources are sufiient to cancel 1) his Joan will be
amorticd in fl

Participativo Loan:

+ Amount: 20,000,000 Euros. The amount othe Loan will e used to esta

sh the Reserve Fund,

+ Interest Rate: The remuneraton of the Participave Loan will have two components, a fixed one
equal to the interests accrued by the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the loan applying an interes
ate equal to the Reference Interest Rate of the Bond during such period, plus a margin of 1%.
“And another component af variable mature which will e determined in accordance wah section.
V.33, of he Prospecta

+ Amonisation: Amontisaion o the Participaive Loan will take place on cach Payment Date for an
“amount equal to the amount in which the Required Minimum Level of the Reserve Fund is
reduced on cach Payment Date.

Financial Swap

Tas Fund will swap with the Seller the interest payments from the mortgage loans received on each.
liquidaion period for an amount cqual to tho aggregat of th oustanding nominal balance of cach
¡Share and Certficato multiplicd by th sum of 1) the Reference Interest Rate of the Bond plus 2) the
Weighed Average Margin of the Bonds, plus 3) a margin ol 0.67%, The swap will be etled by net
diference

Reinvestment of the Flows: The flows reccived by the Fund (principal and interest of he Lon
úpontolios) will be reinvested at an interes ate equal to the interes reference rte of the Bonds plus
ho weighed average margin of the loans.

Initial and Ordinary Expenses: On the fis Payment Dat, those derived from th constitution of he
Fund and the issue of the Bonds. Additonally: Commission of the Sociedad Gestora. On cach
Payment Date a payment of 4 ol 001% of the Outstanding Nominal Balance to Maturity of the
¡Shares and Conilicates at hc beginning ot corresponding Payment Date, wi a minimumn ol 14 of
230.000 €. Commission to be paid o the Financial Agent: on cach Payment Date, hc Financial Agent
vil recciv a commission of 4 of 0.0034 % of the Outstanding Nominal Balance to Maturity ol the
Shares and Cerificates plus a fixed 4,7215 other expenses: publication of advertisements, rating
“agencies and auditor

"Table of the Income and Expenses of the Fund

IMPORTANT NOTE FOR THE INVESTOR
Tas information in th following table is provided only on an ilustaive basis, and the cited
“amounts do not represent conercte payment obligations by the Fund to third purics on th
comesponding dates or periods to which Whey refer. The deta have been calculated under
“assumptins of default and prepayment rates that are subject to continuous chango; therefore, any
investor interested in knowing the expected payment schedule on any particular dae should request
be pentinent information from the institutions suhorised to distribute 1 the Sociedad Gestora, the
AIRE Market and the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores: This information is also
“available through the Underwnters and others active in the secondary market ol the Bonds. As
“uted in section IIL52, ol the Prospectus, the Sociedad Gestora commis 1scl! to mue the
information relatina Ihereto available to the general public. ln addition, the interest rte of the

70


PERES a E SN e IS E Vr TETAS
Fene Hainal e Had e Val e Span Seas Mara Cons "CMA on Mr, 208 Ts “sl
Untsman" dal e Slug oia dc edo cen an e Fo metal
ea feto berto mondo e oe om

n









To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

V.1.3. Calendar of the Fund

Date of Constitution: March 4, 2005. Esablishment of the Fund. Isue by th Seller and Subscription
"oy the Fund of the Shares and Cerliates and issue of the Bonds. Begiming oh acerual of Shares
and Cenifictes

Closing Date: March 9, 2005. Disbursement of he Bonds and payment of th Shares and Centficates.
Beginning ol accrual of hc Bonds.

Collection Period of the See, as Loan administrator: Calendar months, The amounts collected from
he borrowers during cach calendar month ae trnslered to the Fund, The first Period will begin on
the Closing Date and end on the last day ol March, The last Collection Period will begin on the fir
day of the month in which the Fund is liquidated and the day of the liquidaion o! the Fund.

Collection Date of the Fund: 20" day of cvery calendar momh. Transfer by the Sole, as Loan
“administrator. to the Reinvestment Account, Ín he event its nota Business Day. he Collection Date
vvillbe the immedistelypreceding Business Day. The first Payment Date will be April 20, 2005.

Payment Dates of the Fund: March, Jue, September and December 26" of cach car during the lie
af the Fund. Application ol the Available Resources in accordance with 1ho Priority Order of
Payments included in section V-4.2.of this Prospectus, ad in particular, payment to the Bondholders,
payment of interest on the Initial Expenses Loan. Subordinated Loan and Partcipuive Loan.
Commission 1o the Sociedad Gestora, and tepayment of the principal of hc Initial Expenses Loan.
Subordinated Loan, and Participativo Loan. ln the event that such date is not a Business Day, the
Payment Date will be the immediately following Business Day. The fist Payment Date shall be June
272005

Determination and Notification Dates: The interest rate applicable fr cach accrual period for both
Series of Bonds will e determined, the same time the principal and interest amount are notified to

the Bondholders, on the second Business Day prior to the Payment Date on which such accrual period
egins. The first Determination Date will bc Mare 7. 2005.

VA. Accounting of the Fund
The Fund will account forincome and expenses on an acrual basis
3) Shares and Centiates are recorded as assets o he Fund in an amownt equal to ir nominal val

Interest of the Shares and Corficates of the Fund are recorded in th profit and loss account on an acemal
asis. Interest due, but unpaid, the asets he Fund are recorded as an ss om hc balance sheet

Matured interest and outstanding principal of the Shares and Conificatos declared Defaultod is recorded

Interest matured and outstanding principal from the Shaes and Ceniictes declared Default are

registered as an assel, except in the cases when lt can be proved that the mortgagod propeny is
insullicien guarani

bo) Bonds jsued: The Bonds are recorded s a abi
qual to hcirscimbursement valve

on te balance bet of the Fund, in an amount

Interest payable by vir of the Bonds is recorded in he profit and loss account on an accrual basis;
orion terco! vbich has accrucd and has not been uid is reconded sa rest abili.

15


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

e) Reinvesiment Account and Fund's Account: Liquidiy accounts of the Fund held a the Financial
“Agent and the Seller, respectively, with pre-esablishedreinvestment mechanisms

"hc amount of the accounts is recorded as an ass of the Fund, whil he income and expenses of his
“account are par of income and expenses of te Fund.

dá) Operation Expenses, Commissions nd Remuneraon: All commissions and expenses are deducible
¿rin tir aras) period.

+) Techmical Advances: On every Collection Dat, the Technical Advance obtained on the preceding
Collection Date is considered as deducible from the payment coresponding o the Collecion Period

Subject o payment, and a new Technical Advance, corresponding to th subsequent payment, can be
requested.

1) Inicial Expenses, Subordinated and Panicipuivo Loans Interest of the Initial Expenses Loan, he
¡Subordinated Loan and hc Panicipative Loan will be accounted fr in every period on n acera) bass.

Accounting year: The accounting periods of the Fund shall commence on January 1% and end on
December 31" of cach year, except for the fist accounting period, which will commence on the
Constitution Date and th as one which will terminae on th date th lqidation he Fund.

Result he net result in achica year mas be ni.
"Va. Other Financial Operations and Credit Enhancement

y.

Subordinated Loan

"he Seller will grant in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Contract, a Subordinated Loan to the
Fund hercon, Subordinated Loan) fora total amount 06.000.000 Euros

Tas amount of he Subordínated Loan will be advanced on the business day prior to the first Payment
Date to the Fund's Account opened a the Financial Agent

This amount will e used by the Sociedad Gestora to cover the difference, on the first Payment Date,
etween the interest acorucd and th interest paid of the Shares and Conilicates

Tas Subortinated Loan will accru a variable interes ate cqual to hc Reference Interest Rate of the
Bonds current at ny time plus a margin of 0,75%. Payment of said interest will be subjee lo the
priority order described in section V-42. of the Prospects.

Tas mutoriy of the Subordinated Loan vil take place on the date of the extinctin of the Fund. On.
be fis Payment Date, he Subordinated Loan will be amortised in an amount sufficint to equal the
Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Loan to the efectivo amount of the deficit betucen he sccrual
“and collection of interest from the Shares and Certificates. Nevenheles, this defii s zero (because
he Available Resources are sufficiet to cancel 4), his loan will be amortiscd in fl.

Al the amounts to be paid to the Seller on account of both interest accrucd and amomisation of
principal aceracd by the Subondinated Loan, will be subject to the Priority Order established in
Section V:4.2. 0 the Prospecta

All he amounts which as a consequence, have not been forwarded to the Seller will be paid on the

following Payment Dates in which there are suficint Available Resources to do so n the Priority
Onder established.

16


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

Those amownts awed to he Seller and not pad in respeto whats stablishd in the aforementioned!
sections, will not accrue penalty interest in ts favor

'V.32. Initial Expenses Loan

"he Seller will grant, in accordance with the Initial Expenses Loan Contract a Subordinated Loan to
te Fund (hercon, Initial Expenses Loan) for maximum amount of 2.105.600 Euros.

Tic final amount of he Loan for Initial Expenses vil be determined by the Sociedad Gestora on March
7,2005, once the Placement Directors notify, as defined in section IL 192, hc underwriing commissions
19 be applic to the Bonds of each Seris. Th Sociedad Gestora will proceed, before 13:00 (CET), on
March 7, 2005, to notify his final amount of the Initial Expenses Loan. The amount of the Initial
Expenses Loan will be advanced on hc Closing Date to ho Fund's Account opened ah Financial
“Agent. The final amount of hc Loan will e included in th disbursement dd,

The amount will be used by the Sociedad Gestora to pay the initial expenses of the Fund
oresponding to the Bonds.

Tas Initial Expenses Loan will acer a variable interest rte equal to the Reference Interest Rate of
ño Bonds current at any timo plus a margin of 0.75%. Payment of said interes will e subject o the
priority ode described in section V-4.2.0f the Prospects.

Tae amorisation of the principal of the Initial Expenses Loan will be made in 20 equal and
onsecutive insalments, the fis of which will ak place on he first Payment Date (une 27, 2005)
“and the rest on the following Payment Dates, all in accordance with the Priority Order described in
section V-42.0f the Prospectus

Al the amounts to be paid o the Selle, on account of both imerest acerucd and amomtisation of
principal accrued by the Initial Expenses Loan, will be subject to he Priority Order described in
section V:4.2. 0 the Prospectus

AI amount, tas with respect 1 the above sections, are not paid o the Seller will e effected on the
following Payment Dates in which the Available Resources allow for such a payment in accordance
with established priority order.

Those amownts awed to he Seller and not pad in respect to whats stablisd in the aforementioned!
sections, will not accrue penalty interests ts avowr.

V33, Participativo Loan
Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo vil gant to the Fund, as is established in the Panicipative Lon
Contract, a subordinated loan to the Fund (hercon, Participaive Loan) destined for the initial
establishment of the Reserve Fund, by the Sociedad Gestora

Tac total amount of th Participativo Loan will e 20.000.000 Euros.

Tas amount of the Loan will be forwarded on the Closing Date to the Reinvestment Account

Tas amortsation of th Paiciptivo Loan will be made on cach Payment Date forn amount equal to
the amount in which, on cach Payment Date, the Required Minimum Level of the Reserve Fund is

xeduced, all ín accordance wilh the priority of payments establishod in section V:42, of the
Prospectas,

”


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

Due to the subordinated mature of the Participaive Loan, in relation to the rest of the Funds
bligations, and that is reimbursement depends on the performance of the Shares and Certificates,
“and the evolution of he imterestraes paid to ho Bond issucd by the Fund, the remuneration f the
Participativo Loan will have 1w0 components, on known and another one variable and related to the
evolution of the risk a he Fund:

(6) "Fixed Remuneration of Pamicipative Loan”: the principal of he Participativo Loan will acer an
“annual interest calculated on Ahe base oa variable interest rate equal to the reference interest rate of
he Bond cuenta anytime, in accordance with section 110. of the Prospects plus a margin o 1%

1) "Variable Remuneraion ol Patcipative Loan”, will be equal o the positive difference, on cach
Payment Date, between th Available Resources and payments to be made by the Fund in accordance
with Priority Order established in section V-4.2,

"The remuneration of the Participative Loan will be paid on each Payment Date, in sccordance
with the Priority Order of Payments established in section V.4.2..

Ammonmts due to the Seller from the fixed remuncration oh Paricipative Loan and not pad asa result
Of be above paragraph will not accuc additional intros in ts favor

V.34. Reserve Fund

Th Reserve Fund vil be established as a gusrantes mechanism and in order to allow payments by
e Ft in accordance vih priority order established in section V-4.2. 0 the Prospecta:

"hc Reserve Fund will be established on the Closing Date with charge to the Participaive Loan, for
and amount ol 20.000.000 Euros,

(On cach Payment Date, the Reserve Fund wil! be replenised until the Required Minimum Level of
he Reserve Fund is reached, with th resources tal, on cach Payment Dato, are available to such
lí, in accordance with the priority order described in section V-42, o he Prospectus.

Tas Required Minimum Level of the Resceve Fund will o the lesser of the following amounts:
15% the initial nominal balance of the Bond at issuance.
25% ob he Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Bonds,

No reduction of he Required Minimum Level of ihe Reserve Fund will be made when one of the
following situations takes place:

1), That Resor Fund did not reach ts required level on he previous Payment Date.

2) That the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shares and Ceniicates with arras equal or above
90 days, is above 1% af the Outstanding Nominal Balance o the Shares and Certificates

3) That 3 years have not elapsod since the Date of Constitucion of the Fund.

In no case will the Required Minimum Level of the Reserve Fund be inferior to 0.50% of th initial
ominal balance f he Bond issue

Tas balance of the Reserve Fund will bo deposied at the Reintestment's Account and will benefit
from th performance guarantcos established in soction V.3.5. o the Prospecta

7



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

'V.35. Deposit of the Resources of the Fund.
V.351. Reinvestment Account

The Fund will have an account a he Seller, in accondnce with Contrato de Depósito a Tipo de
Anteés Garantizado, io which sal! be paid on cc Collection Dat, all hc amount Uat Fund
ver to receive from th Seller. Thes amownts vall take place on Ah 201 ol cach mont or such
day s nota Business Day, th immediately prior Businas Day. while th Seller muintais short
term rating ol PI (Moody ) or FI (Fac), (43 cure rating is PI and FI) or on a weekly basis hen
Ab ai ls blow ny ol such rating

Tas Seller will undenake the services of management and maintenance of the aforesaid account, in
“accordance with regular banking practice. Espenses generated from ho maintenance of said account
vil be assigned to the Seller, except when the expenses arise as a result of the negligence of he
Sociedad Gestora.

"The Seller will transfer to the Fund's Account value date the Business Day prior to cach Payment
Date, all he amount to cover the payment obligations established in the Priority Order of Payments
df section V-42. and which ae deposted at th Reinvestment Accosnt, upon teccivin instrctions
from the Sociedad Gestora. These amounts will only correspond to the income forwarded by the
¡Seller for the amounts collected from he Shares and Certificates it admúnistrs-in the three Collection
Periods prior to cach Payment Date the Technical Advance, Reserve Fund and th returns of such

Positive balances of the Reinvestment Account will sccrue an annual variable interest ate in favour of
the Fund, equal to the Reference Interest Rate applicable to the Bonds, on the Payment Date in which
said positive balances are considered Available Resources, plus the wcighed average margin, dn
“accordance with the following, and all in he terms established in the Contrato de Depósito a Tipo de
Anrés Garantizado. ln is way, cach teansler will cvolve into a accountable term, asting the number
of days clapsing between the date value of th transfer included) and tbe date until which the transfer
to the Fund's Account is made (excludod). Interes generated will e clared hc day before th date in
which the transfer o the Fund's Account must be mado, and will be transfrred with th rest of
“amount on ta doy.

Tac weighod average margin shall be cqual to the amount resulting from dividing th sum of the
Ovtstanding Nominal Balances of cach Seis of Bonds multiplica by tir appropniste margins, and
the Outstanding Nominal Balance of all he Bonds.

Tas balances af the Reinvestment Account will be maintained in cash. Balances resulting from the
Reinvestment Account, in favour o the Fund, vil not be used, under any circumstance, by the Seller,
o compensate any deba wih he Fund or related hd parties, except with prior writen authorisation
From th Sociedad Gestora.

In the event hat tbecating of the Seller s downgraded by the Rating Agencies, toa rating inferior to
PI (Moody's or FI (Fitch) or such rain is suspended by any ofthe Rating Agencies, he Seller will
find, in th 30 days following such change. and in onder to maintain th ratings for cach Series.) an
institution with both ratings mentioned above, to undertak, under the same conditions, the functions
of the Seller n respec ol the Reinvestment Account, or () obtain a banking endorscmen, from an
institution with both ratings mentioned above, to guarantee to the Fund, upon request from the
Sociedad Gestora, due payment by the Seller of its bligations of payment derived from the amownts
“cposied at the Reinvestment Account In oth cases, he amount from Shares and Certificates from
he Seller will be transerrd to the Reinvestment Account on a weckly basis but maintaining the
transterto he Fund's Account on a quartely basis

”



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS

Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
[eman" daa rol lenguas hu) il dci md Laos de ME Pel Irma hno
eat rot moro lc.

V352. Fund's Account

Tas Fund will have at the Financial Agent, and in accordance with hat established in the Financial
¡Service Contract, banking account in he name o the Fund (Fund's Accosn)

Tas Seller will transfer to the Fund's Account, on th business dy prior to cah Payment Dat, all the
amounts mentioned in section V.3.5.., prior instructions form the Sociedad Gestora

Net Amounts from the Financial Swap Contract in favour of the Fund will lso be transerred to the
Fund's Account

Equally, on hc Closing Date the Seller will transfer the final amount of th Initial Expenses Loan and,
on the Business Day prior to the first Payment Date, the amount of the Subordinated Loan,

Following instructions by the Sociedad Gestora all necessary payments to stsfy the obligas of
te Fund will be mado through the Fund's Account.

Tas Fund's Account will not have a negative balance. The balances of the Fund's Account will be
moaintined in cash.

Amount deposite at the Fund's Account will not accrued interest in favour of the Fund.

In he event att rating of the Financial Agent, given by the Rating Agencies for short tem risk, is
reduced to a rating bellow Pl (Moody's) or FI (Fuch) (he current rating is PI and Fl+), or is
suspended for whatever reason by any of the Rating Agencies, the Sociedad Gestora will, in he 30
¿days following such reduction, afer prior consultaion with ¡he Rating Agencies, take one of the
following decisions in order to maintain an adequate leve of guarantee in respect ol the compromises
derived from the custody of the Shures and Cenifictes, Payment Agency and. maintenance of the
Fand's Account

(6) Obi rom a credit etty with a rating not inferior to PL (Moody's) or 1 (Fitch), o another
equivalent rating expressly recogniscd by the Rating Agencies, a guarantee or similar
bligation regarding he terms assumed by the Financial Agent

(io Replace the Financial Agent with another credit entity wilh a rating not inferir to PI
(Moody's) or Fl (Fuch), that will assume, under the same conditions, th functions of the
Financial Agent

"The Financial Agent will pay any expense derived from the development of the services
undertaken in this contract. Notvithstanding the above, and in relation to the expenses
considered external, they will be paid by the Financial Agent up to a maximum limit of 300.51
Euros year, the excess will be paid by the Fund.

V.34, Technical Advance

Taking into account that some of hc delays in the payments mado by the borrowers have an intrim
or technical natur, and with the objective ol avoiing hat such delays have a negative impact on the
How ol payments to the Bondholders, and taking into account hat tre is lapse ol 20 days between
the end of the Collection Period and the Collection Date on behalf of the Fund, and that the amownts
collected by the Seller as Loan administrator ar the property of the Fund, th Sociedad Gestora, on
behalf of the Fund, will be enúled to receive on every Collection Date an advance backed by such
“amounts, which vil be depositd in the Reinvestmnt Account

so



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

Tas amount of the Technical Advance cannot excoed the amount collected by the Seller from the
Mortgage Loans it adminiscrs, for any payment that the Fund will bo entided to as holder of the
Shares and Cerúlicates, from the end of he last Collection Period until the Collection Date on which
he Technical Advance ls requested.

Tas Sociedad Gestora will calculsto the Technical Advance as an amount cqual to the sum of the
amounts matured and not ye collected payments of such Mortgage Loans by the Seller during the
previous Collection Period, for principal and interest from the Share and Certificates in arears oa
maximum of 1 month, on the Collection Date on which the Technical Advance is requestd, taking
into account th lmitstions described in the previous paragraph. The Technical Advance will nt be
larger, in respect of cach individual Mortgage Loan, to the interests and principal ayable on the last
instalment ol such loan

On cach Collection Date, the Technical Advance delivered on the previous Collection Date may be
¿deducted from the amounts to be transfered, and a new Technical Advance coresponding o the
following payment may be requested,

y.

Financial Interest Swap Contract

The Sociedad Gestora wáll, on behall of the Fund, sign with Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo a
Financial Interest Swap Contact (hercon Swap) described in his section, where:

This agreement desios from the need, on hc one hand, to climinate the risk o the interest rate which
takes place as a result of the Shares and Certificates being aíccted to variable interest rats with
hanging reference rates and revision period, and the liguidation of variable interes established for
each Series of Bonds; and on the other to the risk of, lollowing the legisiaion on modifying and
subrogation mortgage loans, the Shares and Ceniicatos being rencgotiated to diminsh the agrecd

Party A: The Sociedad Gestora, on chato! the Fund,

Party B: Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo,

y.

4. Liquidation Dates.

Liquidation Dates will coincido with he Payment Dates of the Bonds, hat is March, June, September
and December 26* of cach year, or in he cvent that such dates are not Business Days, on the
immediately following Business Day. The fist Payment Date of the Fund shall b June 27, 2005,

1V.3:72. Liquidation Periods

Liquidation Period shall be the days clapsed betwcen consecuive Liquidation Dates, including the
First and excluding th last ay ol such period, Exc<ptionall, the hrs Liquidation Period vil have a
duration equivalent to he days clapsed between the Closing Date of the Bond's Issue (included) and
June 27, 2005 (excluded)

'V.3:73. Amountsto be paid by Party A
Sum of all he amous of interes from the Shares and Cenificates paid by the debtors án the 3
proceding Collection Periods immeditely before the curent Payment Date and which will correspond
lo those eflecively been transfered to the Fund. Exceptionally, th fis Swap liquidation dat vil
ave three Collection Period but the first one will have duration below the calendar month

"



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

V.374. Amountsto be Paid by Party B

On cach Liquidation Date of the Swap Contract, Paty will pay the Amount to bo Paid by Party B
at vil be cqual to ti result of th recalculation of he payments of interests that compose the
Amount o be Paid by Pary A, wich will bc paid on the same date on vwich he Amount lo be paid by
Pariy B vil be paid,

This recalcultion vil e the subsiution of the rue cifectively applicd to cach Share or Conálicte
y the Interest Rate of Paty B. The Interest Rate of Party E shall be equal to the Reference Interest
Kate of the Bonds for the current Interest Accrual Period, plus hc average margin of the Bonds
vwcighed by the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Bonds on the Determination Date prior to the
current Payment Date, plus 0.67%

Payments (or collections) to be made as result of he Swap contract will be carried out on cach
Payment Date for hir net amounts, at is, the positive difference (or negative) between the amount
to be paid by Pany A and the amount to be paid by Pary E (hercon, Net Amount. Payments 0 be
made by Pary A will follow the Priority Order of Payments of secion V-42,

'V.35. Swap Contract breaches

LL, on a Liquidaion Dat, he Fund does not pay the amount due to Party 1, the Financial Interest
¡Swap Contract would be terminated in favour of Party In the event of paying a liquidation amount.
he Fund will assume, 1 applicable, the cbligaion to pay the amount established in the Financial
Interest Swap Contract, and all in accordance with the priority order of payments

11 on a Payment Date, Pany B docs not honour ls pata or ful obligaion to pay the amount dueto
the Fund, the Sociedad Gestora may terminate the Swap Contract, In this event, (1) Party B vil
assume the obligation to pay the liquidarion amount established in the contract, and he amount o
e paid by the Fund to Party B, in accordance with the Swap Contract, will e paid in accordance with
te Priority Order of Payments of he Fund.

Tac liqidation amount will be calculated by the Sociedad Gestora, as Swap calculation agent, based
dm the market value of he Financial Interest Swap Contract.

Without prejdice to the above, except in a permanent ateration of the financial balance of the Fund.
the Sociedad Gestora, on bchalb of the Fund, wil ey to arrange a new Swap Contract.

'V.37.6. Rating modification assumptions

Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo will asume the compromise ol. it any moment during the lie of
be Bonds, the rating fr non:-subordinated and non-guarantced deb of Party B fas below Al, for
Moody's long term nik, o A for long-term risk ando FI for shor-crm risk for ich, or such ring
is, for whatever reason, suspended by any Rating Agencies, the Seller will underake th irrevocable
compromise of, in the 30 days clapsing from the event ol such circumstance,carying out one of the
following options in he terms and conditions the Sociedad Gestora decms appropriate, and prior
otificaion to the Rating Agencies, in order to maintain the ratings assigned by such Rating
Agencies

13



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

1) Allow a third entity with a ruin for nonubordinsted and non-guarantecd ate equal or higher
han AL, for Moody's long-term risk and A for long-term and Fl for short-tem risk for Fitch,
respectively to guarantes the contractual obligaions

2) Allow a third entity with the same ratings required in 1) above, 10 carry out the contractual
bligatons and replacs l, before the Swap Contract is cancelled or Party B, or, ins case, in
virtue of he new Swap Contract; or

3) 10 make a deposit in cash or in securtis in favor of hc Fund, in an account in other city with a
rating equal to P-1 for short-tcrm debt on the Moody's rain scale and Pl on Fiel rating scale
o secure performance of Party B's contractual obligations and in an amunt based on the Swap.
rcinstalement as not to affect negativly tc rating assigned to the Bonds. In addition, applicable
and depending on the rating assigned o he counterparty of the Swap Contract, his option will be
inmediaely pertormed as long as option (1) or option (il) above is not implemented

A costs expenses and taxes wil be borne by Party

y.

7. Maturity of the Contract

The carly termination of the Swap Contract will nt constitute in itself an arly amortistion or the
liquidaion of the Fund, unless Abe termination occurs in conjunction wih olher events or
eircumstances related to he capital resources of the Fund, producing a substantial or permanent
hange alfecting he Financia survival of the Fund

"hs maturity of the Swap Contract will be the calicr of the Legal Maturity Date of the Fund or on the
Payment Date on which the Bonds are redeemed in ful

'VaA. Rules of Priority of Allocation of Funds.

y.

On the Date of the Establishment of he Fund and Isue of the Bonds

1. Origin:
On he Closing Date, e Fund will have funds available obtained from:

(a) Funds received from te isue and placement fe Bonds in he market
(0) Funds received from the Inicial Expenses Loan.

(€) Funds received from th Paniciputive Lon

2 Allocation:

On the Closing Dat, the Fund will apply the above-mentioned funds o hc following payments:
(a) Payments for th purchase of th Shares and Centficats grouped in th Fan
(0) Payment of hc Initial Expenses of the fund, in accordance with section IL4.3. 0 the Prospectus

(e) Creation of he Reserve Fund.

'V-42. From the Date of the Establishment of the Fund until the Total repayment of the Bonds

s



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

Origin:

Tac Available Resourees of he Fund on every Payment Date, depositod at the Fund's Account and!
wwbich correspond to the three previous Collection Periods, are intended for distribution to the
Bondholders and for payment of the corresponding fees, rise from:

(a) Currert pricipal and interest amowrts from Abe Shares and Certficates
(0) Technical Advance requested rom he Seller and not yet rcimbursd,
(€) The balance of he Reinvestment Account

(d) Reserve Fund,

(e) IE applicable, other amountsreccived from the borrowers for reasons oxter than current principal
“nd interest of the Mortgoged Loans.

(0) Net amounis obtained by virue of the Swap Contract, as established in section VA. of the
Prospectus, o in ts case, a a result of a sctulement payment

Additionaly, in accordance with the evolution of the Fund:

(a) Int case, the amount of the Subordinated Loan related to the real amount of the overlap between
the accrual and collection ol interest from the Share and Cenificats.

(0) The resul of the liquidation, iapplicable, of th asets of the Fund.
2 Allocation:

In general, ths Available Amount of the Fund, as defined in th previous section of the Prospectas
will be applied on cach Payment Date, to the following concepts, with the following Priority of
Allocation in the event ol inuffciet funds:

6 Initial, Ordinary and Extraordinary Expnsos of he Fund csablshod in section MILA.3. of his
Prospectus (except the commission to the Sociedad Gestora and he Variable Remuneration
fte Parcipative Loan), and taxes o be paid by the Fund.

Gi) Management commission ol the Sociedad Gestora as established in section IIL32. of his
Prospectus

(Gi) Paymentof the nt amount from the Financial Swap, and, only in the event of th cancelltion
of such contract as resulto abreach by the Fund, payment of the seulement amount

(Y) Paymmento Interest ofthe Series A Bonds,
(0) Paymentof Interest ofthe Ser B3 Bonds.
This payment will be postponed to position (vii) in this Priority Order of Payments when:

1), in the event of he Liquidation and/or Extinction of the Fund, described in section
TULIO. oh Prospectas, or

2), when 1) te diference between) the Outstanding Nominal Balance to Collection of
he Bonds on the current Payment Date and í) he Outstanding Nominal Balance to
Maturty of the Non-defaulcd Shares and Cenficaes at the last Collecion Date
fare the prior Payment Date of th Fund is higher than 709% of he sum of the Initial

se



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |

Uma" dual Sl

ed Mead dra e eme ap le ol Irma ha |

ea ee bald son nd reso o e No o

0)

Balance of Seres B Bonds, and 2) he Series A Bonds have not been amor in
fal

Payment of the Amount to be Amorised and the amounts matured but not collected om
previous Payment Dates of the A Series of Bonds.

(vi) Inthevent of (4) above, the Interests ofthe Series B Bonds,

(vi Payment of the Amount to be Amortiscd and the amounts matured but not collected on he

5)

0

0)

previous Payment Dates of the 1 Series of Bonds, following amortisation of the A Bonds,

Replenishment of the Reservo Fund, until it achieves the Required Minimum Level of the
Resorve Fund.

In the exent of an carly termination of the Swap Agreement, the liquidaion Payment
corresponding to the Fund, except in hc events contemplated in section (li) above.

Interest accrued by th Initial Expenses Loan.

(ui) Interest acerued by the Subordinated Loan.

(ui) Fixed Remuneraion of the Participativo Loan.

(xix) Amortsatio of principal of Initial Expenses Loan.

(4) Amortsatio of principal of he Subordinated Loan.

(avi) Amortisation of principal of Participativo Loan

(avi) Variable Remuneration of the Participativo Loan.

3. Other Rules

In the event that the Available Res

yes are not suffciet to pay some or all of the amounts

mentioned in previous sections, the following rules will be applied:

Tas Available Resources of he Fund will be applicd to the concepts mentioned in the previous
section, in accordance with the Priority of Allocstion established, and pro rata for Mho owed
“mount among those who have an cqual right to receive payment

"as amounts that remain unpaid will e placed, on the following Payment Date in a priority of
“lloction immediately prior to the elated concept to which refers

The amounts owed by the Fund and not saisicd on their respective Payment Dates will not

“cera additional interest

ss


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS

Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
[eman" daa rol lenguas hu) il dci md Laos de ME Pel Irma hno
eat rot moro lc.

CHAPTER VI

GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE SOCIEDAD
GESTORA

VII Relatingto the Company, Except or ts Capital

Registered Office

Tializción de Activos, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tituización, S.A has lts registered office a
69, Calle Orense, Madrid

Establishment and Registration in the Registro Mercantil

Tuulización de Activo, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tiulicación SA. is a Spanish Corporation
(Sociedad Anónima), wit Fiscal Kdenicaion Code (CIF) A-80352750, esublited on May 12*
1992, hy a deed drawn up bolre he Notary Public of Madrid D. Juan Romero-Girón Delio.
vranslormed into Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tiuización Hipotecaria, on Jam 29%, 193, in
acconlance wih th provisions of ace 6 af Law 19/1992 ol July 7%, Ley sobre Régimen de
fte aorisatin granted y Ministerial Order December 10*, 1992, ad trnsformod ino Sociedad
Gestora de Fondos de Tiuizacón by vine ol he uorsaon granted by Miniserial Order
February 26", 1999. Registered in th Regis Mercantil of Madrid. Volume 4280, Book 0, Page
133, Section , Shect M-71066,Incription number 5, on June 4, 1993, und alo repierd in he

Corporate Purpose:

Tas sole purpose o he company is the constitution, management and legal representation of Fondos
de Tinulización de Activos and Fondos de Titulización Hipotecaria, in accordance with Royal Decree
9G/1998 of May 14”, by which ho Fondos de Tindización de Activos and Sociedades Gestoras de
Fondos de Tiulización ar regulted.

Place in Which the Documents Cited in the Prospectus, or any Further Documents Deriving
"herefrom, May be Consulted.

Tac Sociedad Gestora will make available, a its registered ofice at Calle Orense 69, Madrid, to the
public sl the documents and information required pursuant to the Fund Regulations.

In adéiticn, all the information of public character described in the Prospectus will be avslabl a he

registered uflie of the Sociedad Gestora and at the Official Register ol the Comisión Nacional del
Mercado de Valores Pasco dela Castellana, 19, and at the ALA.

so



To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

VIZ Relatingto the Share Capital
"Nominal Amount Subscribed and Disbursed!

Tas share capital of he Sociedad Gestora att time of registration of this Prospecta in the Official
Register of he CNMV is 903,000 Euros, entre disbursod.

Classes of Shares

A the 150.000 shares istued by the Sociedad Gestora until he date hat this Prospectus is been
registered at the Official Registr of he Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores ase ordinury
shares granting identical political and cconomical rights and have a val of 6.02 Euros cach one.

Evolution of the Capital Over the Past Three years
No variation in he sae capital of th company has taken place in th last 3 year
VIS Data Relativeto Holdings

Participation in Other Companies

There is no participation fte Sociedad Gestora in any the company
Corporate Groups to which the Company Belongs

The Sociedad Gestora docs not belong o any corporate rosp.

Significa Shareholders

Tas shares of th Sociedad Gestora ae distributed as folows:

Percemtage — Shares

Caja de Ahorros de Castlla La Mancha 186% 19286
Caja de Ahorros de Zaragoza, Aragón y Rioja (Ibercaja) 1286% 19286
Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo 1s6r 19286
Caja de Ahorros Municipal de Burgos 1s6r 19286
VUnicorp (Unicaja) 1s6r 19286
Sociedad Española de Banca de Negocios, S-AEBN) —— 1286% 19286
Caja de Ahorros y Mom de Piedad de Madrid 156 19284
Bear Sicams Spanish Securiizaion Corporation 10905 15000

yr


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
[eman" daa rol lenguas hu) il dci md Laos de ME Pel Irma hno
eat rot moro lc.

VIA Board of Directors and General Meeting
"Board of Directors
"he Board of Director is integrated by:
Do Francisco Javier Soriano Arosa (President)
Caja Municipal de Burgos, represented by D. Horacio Mesonero
Do Francisco Javier Sálz Alonso
Do Víctor Iglesias Ruiz
Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo, represented by D. Eleuterio Jover
D. Gumersindo Ruiz Bravo de Mansilla
D José Carlos Contreras Gómez
Bear Stcams Spanish Securizaion Corporation, represented by Dna. Alicia Reyes
Secretary not member of the Board: D. Luis Veretrra Gutiérez- Maturana

:encral Manager

Don Ramón Pérez Hemández holds the posiion of General Manager of the Company since his
“ppoiniment at he Gencral Mecting beld on March 21", 2002.

VIS Interests in the Company Held by Persons that are Members of the Representative
Bodies

Except for th shareholders of Caja de Ahoros del Medieránco, Caja Municipal de Burgos and Ber
Stearns Spanish Securtization Corporation, the persons tha re members ol Uhe representativo bodies are
cir holder nor representative, direcdy orindiecl, ol any share or convemible Bond,

VI6 — Identification of the Persons or Entties Lending to the Sociedad Gestora, and
Holding More than 10% of he Debis Thercol, Quantifying Such Interest in Each Case

here ar non

VIT Existence of Lawsuits and Legal Proceedings that
Financial Situation ol the Sociedad Gestora

ight AlTect the Economic and!

Atte date of registraon of the Fund TDA CAM 4 atte Oficial Register f he CNMV. here are no
Iawsuis or legal proceedings that muy afíet the cconomic and financial situation of he Sociedad
Gestora.

se


To pre 1 veia 0 SO De SGT Tr A A Va EA AS
Cani Hana se Mondo de Var Son Scrtos Mar Coma "CA nano Ma 2 ls |
Em dde ld dt ms Dm a Pio li |

CHAPTER VI

MARKET CONSIDERATIONS

VILA Recent and Significant Trends of the Mortgage Market ín General and of the
Mortgage Loans and Bond Markets in Particular

In recent cars credit assts with mortgage guarantes included in th balance shcet of Spanish credit
emtics have become the main protagomists of Ahe Securization procesos of the Spanish financial
sem

On th one hand, the existence of a ccal mas with suliciet size witkin a subgroup of this type of
mongage assets has been crcal: mongage loans o pivte individuals to finance the acquisition,
«onstucion or restraion ol propentis On he ber, he contribution lus come from the decisive way in
which this type of financing has several homogencows characteristics from alegl and financial point of
view. The new legslaionaiing from the Ministerial Order of May 5". 1994, regarding he transparency
of the financial conditions of te mortgage los, and is subsequent development in tb Bank ol Spain
Circular 5/9 July 22” has been one of th cements that has suengthencd vi homogenciy

¡Secondly, is worth noxng that in recent yars the competition within the Spanish mortgage market has
intensifica, once privat individuals and credit eniis have assumed the tools outlined by Law 294 of
March 30", regarding subrogation and modification o he mongage loans. The influence of th reform of
taxation related o morgage cancellation must aso e taken into account; as lis inevitable influence in the
rates ol mortgage prepayment

'VIL2_ Implications Derived from those Trends Mentioned in the Previous Section

"hc total amount of Mortgage Loans participated by th Shares and Certificate grouped in th Fund.
amy a variable interest at (some af the lomns vil have acercd during an india period ta fixed rte:
such rats are modified periodically by varitions in he interest rats of ho make. Thoreore, lis
vnikely tt substamtial ncrcaso ol the Prepayment Rates of th ponlo wil occur.

Norwithstnding the abose, the average term and the duration of he Bond Issue refemed to in he
Prospecta could change in relation to those intaly estimated in sction 11. in Uh event it th Rate
of Prepayment oh Share and Certificates, vrs

The Sociedad Gestora publisbes monthly, through various channels including lis web pago (iwda-
sgíLcom) the Prepayment Rate of cach one of he Funds it manages, Additonaly, ts the Opinion of
Ale Sociedad Gestora tha in he comun years here vil be relevant intormation available regarding the
Fchaviour ol Prepayment Rates. Neverhelss, e must be taken into account that the mark, as indicated
in he previous ccton, has suflered in recent years and has continued to experience radical changes, and
such even do not recommend, for the lime being, Ihe claboration OL predictions based on the
extrpolation of available dat from the lat year: furthcrmore his dais scarce and imitd in scope and
lengih, and ii ot posible to assign hem any mcaningíul value. In any event bos investos interested
an consul th information that the Sociedad Gestora publishes regularly on the Montage Bcked
¡Securitis and th Asset Backod Securisic Funds hat it mangos

so


