This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with 
the "Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") November 30, 2004. 
The "Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo" shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Bond Issue. 
 
 
TDA 22-MIXTO 
 
SECURITISATION BONDS 
530,000,000 Euro 
 
Series A1a: 
217,800,000 Euro 
EURIBOR 3M + 0.15% 
Series A1b: 
57,200,000 Euro 
EURIBOR 3M + 0.21% 
Series B1: 
4,600,000 Euro 
EURIBOR 3M + 0.37% 
Series C1: 
3,700,000 Euro 
EURIBOR 3M + 0.75% 
Series D1 
2,700,000 Euro 
EURIBOR 3M + 3.50% 
Series A2a: 
168,900,000 Euro 
EURIBOR 3M + 0.16% 
Series A2b: 
48,800,000 Euro 
EURIBOR 3M + 0.24% 
Series B2: 
14,600,000 Euro 
EURIBOR 3M + 0.45% 
Series C2: 
6,000,000 Euro 
EURIBOR 3M + 0.85% 
Series D2 
5,700,000 Euro 
EURIBOR 3M + 4.00% 
 
FIXED INCOME SECURITIES 
 
Security IO-1 
2,476,509 Euro 
1.5% over Notional 
Security IO-2 
1,446,482 Euro 
1.5% over Notional 
Backed by mortgage shares and mortgage transfer certificates issued by 
 
 
 
 
 
Paying Agent 
 
 
Banco Santander Central Hispano, S.A. 
 
Placement Entities 
 
Bear Stearns  y EBN Banco 
 
Underwriters 
Bear Stearns 
EBN Banco 
Caixa Terrassa 
Caja Granada 
Caja Navarra 
Caixa Tarragona 
Caja Madrid 
Caja Castilla La Mancha 
El Monte 
SCH 
CDC Ixis 
DZ Bank 
Fondo de Titulización promoted and managed by 
 
 
 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with 
the "Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") November 30, 2004. 
The "Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo" shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Bond Issue. 
 
 
"TDA 22-MIXTO, FONDO DE TITULIZACION DE 
ACTIVOS" 
SUMMARY OF THE INFORMATION PROSPECTUS 
1. The Fund 
The name of the Fund shall be "TDA 22-MIXTO, Fondo de Titulización de Activos", 
hereinafter "TDA 22-MIXTO” or “the Fund”. It is incorporated pursuant to the provisions of 
Royal Decree 926/1998, of May 14th, regulating asset securitisation funds and securitisation 
funds’ management companies and amendments thereto (hereinafter, “Royal Decree 
926/1998”). The Fund is regulated in accordance with (i) the present Issue Prospectus; (ii) 
the Deed of Incorporation of the Fund, (iii) Royal Decree 926/1998 and any subsequent 
regulations, (iv) Law 19/1992, of July 7th, on Régimen de Sociedades y Fondos de 
Inversión Inmobiliaria y sobre Fondos de Titulización Hipotecaria, (hereinafter, “Law 
19/1992”) in respect of aspects not covered by Royal Decree 926/1998 and whenever 
applicable (v) Law 24/1988, of July 28th, on the Mercado de Valores, (hereinafter, “Law 
24/1988”) in respect of its supervision and inspection provisions and whenever applicable 
and (vi) any other legal provisions in force at any given time and which are applicable. 
2. Sociedad Gestora 
"TDA 22-MIXTO, Fondo de Titulización de Activos" has been arranged by "Titulización de 
Activos, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Titulización, S.A." as Sociedad Gestora 
empowered for such purposes and, therefore, to exercise the management and legal 
representation of the fund TDA 22-MIXTO, in accordance with the provisions of Royal 
Decree 926/1998. 
3. Securities issued 
Class 1 
Amount  
(EURO) 
Coupon 
Redemption 
Moody’s
A1a 
217,800,000 
EURIBOR 3m + 0.15%
Pass-through *** 
Aaa
A1b* 
57,200,000 
EURIBOR 3m + 0.21%
Pass-through 
Aaa
Security IO-1 
2,476,509 
1.5% sobre Nocional**
N.A. 
Aaa
B1 
4,600,000 
EURIBOR 3m + 0.37%
Pass-through 
A2
C1 
3,700,000 
EURIBOR 3m + 0.75%
Pass-through 
Baa2
D1 
2,700,000 
EURIBOR 3m + 3.5%
Pass-through 
Ba2
* Data referring to the Series A1b Bonds are calculated after segregation of the IO-1 Security 
** Notional IO-1 Value shall be the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Series A1b Bonds 
*** Redemption shall take place in accordance with section II.11.2 of the present Prospectus 
 
Class 1 
Amount  
(EURO) 
Coupon 
Redemption 
Moody’s
A2a 
168,900,000 
EURIBOR 3m + 0.16%  
Pass-through *** 
Aaa 
A2b* 
48,800,000 
EURIBOR 3m + 0.24% 
Pass-through 
Aaa 
Security IO-2 
1,446,482 
1.5% sobre Nocional** 
N.A. 
Aaa 
B2 
14,600,000 
EURIBOR 3m + 0.45% 
Pass-through 
A1 
C2 
6,000,000 
EURIBOR 3m + 0.85% 
Pass-through 
Baa2 
D2 
5,700,000 
EURIBOR 3m + 4.00% 
Pass-through 
Ba2 
* Data referring to the Series A2b Bonds are calculated after segregation of the IO-2 Security 
** Notional IO-2 Value shall be the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Series A2b Bonds 
*** Redemption shall take place in accordance with section II.11.3 of the present Prospectus 
 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with 
the "Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") November 30, 2004. 
The "Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo" shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Bond Issue. 
 
 
Duration 
Class 1 
 5% CPR
 10% CPR
 15% CPR
A1a 
5.31 
3.70 
2.79 
A1b 
14.03 
11.13 
8.86 
B1 
11.15 
8.54 
6.60 
C1 
10.82 
8.35 
6.48 
D1 
8.84 
7.10 
5.68 
 
 
 
 
Duration 
Class 2 
 5% CPR
 10% CPR
 15% CPR
A2a 
5.59 
3.62 
2.65 
A2b 
14.99 
11.35 
8.83 
B2 
12.43 
9.12 
6.90 
C2 
12.02 
8.89 
6.76 
D2 
9.33 
7.32 
5.79 
 
The above tables are the result of the hypothesis included in section II.13 of this Prospectus. 
“Pass-through” is a term commonly accepted by the market to indicate that the redemption of the 
Bonds occurs in accordance with a controlled payment schedule, and in relation to the 
redemption of the assets which back the Bonds. Nevertheless, the exact terms of the redemption 
conditions are in section 2.11 of the Prospectus. “Call” is a term commonly accepted by the 
market which refers to the date of early liquidation of the Fund.  
3.1. Amount, price and interest rate of the Bonds 
The amount of the issue is five hundred and thirty million (530,000,000.-) Euro and is constituted 
by five thousand three hundred (5,300) Bonds in two Classes, represented as book entries, with a 
nominal amount of one hundred thousand (100,000) Euro. The price of issue of each Bond will 
be one hundred thousand (100,000) Euro, 100% of its nominal amount, save for Series A1b and 
A2b Bonds, the price whereof shall be 104,329.56 Euro, for Series A1b Bonds, and 104,329.56 
Euro, for Series A2b Bonds, as set forth in section II.7 of the present Prospectus.  
Class 1 consists of five Bond Series.  
Series A1a consists of two thousand one hundred and seventy eight (2,178.-) Bonds, that accrue 
at an annual floating interest rate, paid quarterly on each Payment Date, resulting from the sum of 
(i) the 3-month EURIBOR interest rate, set forth in section II.10.1. of the Prospectus, plus (ii) a 
margin of 0.15%  
Series A1b consists of five hundred and seventy two (572.-) Bonds, which accrue at an annual 
floating interest rate, paid quarterly on each Payment Date, resulting from the sum of (i) the 3-
month EURIBOR interest rate, set forth in section II.10.1. of the Prospectus, plus (ii) a margin of 
0.21%; plus (iii) an amount equal to the IO-1 Payment, as defined in section II.12 of this 
Prospectus. This Bond Series shall be subject to an interest segregation as a separately issued 
fixed income security (IO-1 Security) in the terms of section II.12 of this Prospectus. In the event 
that maturity of the IO-1 Security should occur prior to maturity of the Series A1b Bonds, these 
Bonds shall accrue an annual interest equal to the Reference Interest Rate plus the 
aforementioned margin. 
Series B1 consists of forty six (46.-) Bonds, which shall accrue at an annual floating interest rate, 
paid quarterly on each Payment Date, resulting from the sum of (i) the 3-month EURIBOR 
interest rate, set forth in section II.10.1. of the Prospectus, plus (ii) a margin of 0.37%. 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with 
the "Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") November 30, 2004. 
The "Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo" shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Bond Issue. 
 
 
Series C1 consists of thirty seven (37.-) Bonds which shall accrue at an annual floating interest 
rate, paid quarterly on each Payment Date, resulting from the sum of (i) the 3-month EURIBOR 
interest rate, set forth in section II.10.1. of the Prospectus, plus (ii) a margin of 0.75% 
Series D1 consists of twenty serven (27.-) Bonds which shall accrue at an annual floating interest 
rate, paid quarterly on each Payment Date, resulting from the sum of (i) the 3-month EURIBOR 
interest rate, set forth in section II.10.1. of the Prospectus, plus (ii) a margin of 3.50%. 
Class 2 consists of five Bond Series. 
Series A2a consists of one thousand six hundred and eighty nine (1.689.-) Bonds, which shall 
accrue at an annual floating interest rate, paid quarterly on each Payment Date, resulting from the 
sum of (i) the 3-month EURIBOR interest rate, set forth in section II.10.1. of the Prospectus, plus 
(ii) a margin of 0.16%. 
Series A2b consists of four hundred and eighty eight (488.-) Bonds, which shall accrue at an 
annual floating interest rate, paid quarterly on each Payment Date, resulting from the sum of (i) 
the 3-month EURIBOR interest rate, set forth in section II.10.1. of the Prospectus, plus (ii) a 
margin of 0.24%; plus (iii) an amount equal to the IO-2 Payment, as defined in section II.12 of 
this Prospectus. This Bond Series shall be subject to an interest segregation as a separately issued 
fixed income security (IO-2 Security) in the terms of section II.12 of this Prospectus. In the event 
that maturity of the IO-2 Security should occur prior to maturity of the Series A2b Bonds, these 
Bonds shall accrue an annual interest equal to the Reference Interest Rate plus the 
aforementioned margin. 
Series B2 consists of one hundred and forty six (146.-) Bonds, which shall accrue at an annual 
floating interest rate, paid quarterly on each Payment Date, resulting from the sum of (i) the 3-
month EURIBOR interest rate, set forth in section II.10.1. of the Prospectus, plus (ii) a margin of 
0.45%. 
Series C2 consists of sixty (60.-) Bonds which shall accrue at an annual floating interest rate, 
paid quarterly on each Payment Date, resulting from the sum of (i) the 3-month EURIBOR 
interest rate, set forth in section II.10.1. of the Prospectus, plus (ii) a margin of 0.85%. 
Series D2 consists of fifty seven (57.-) Bonds which shall accrue at an annual floating interest 
rate, paid quarterly on each Payment Date, resulting from the sum of (i) the 3-month EURIBOR 
interest rate, set forth in section II.10.1. of the Prospectus, plus (ii) a margin of 4.00%. In each 
case interest payments will take place every quarter, and will be calculated on the basis of actual 
number of days elapsed and a 360 day year. 
Default Interest: in case of non-payment to the Bond holders, the amounts matured but not yet 
distributed will not accrue penalty interests. 
3.2. Redemption of the Bonds 
The redemption value of each Bond will be one hundred thousand (100,000) Euro equivalent to 
its nominal amount. 
Redemption of Class 1 Bonds will follow the pace of redemption of the Mortgage Loans 1; such 
redemption will be transferred on a quarterly basis, in the terms set forth in section II.11.2. of this 
Prospectus.  
Redemption of Class 1 Bonds shall take place on a sequential basis, starting on the first Payment 
Date. In the event of occurrence of certain circumstances, the amount allocated for redemption 
shall be distributed pro rata between all Class 1 Bonds, with the specialty that the applicable 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with 
the "Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") November 30, 2004. 
The "Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo" shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Bond Issue. 
 
 
amount for redemption of the Series A1a and A1b Bonds shall only be destined to redeem the 
Series A1a Bonds, as described in section II.11.2. of the Prospectus. 
Redemption of Class 2 Bonds will follow the pace of redemption of the Mortgage Loans 2, and 
such redemption being transferred on a quarterly basis, in the terms set out in section II.11.3. of 
this Prospectus. 
Redemption of Class 2 Bonds shall take place on a sequential basis starting on the first Payment 
Date. In the event of occurrence of certain circumstances, the amount allocated for redemption 
shall be distributed pro rata between all Class 2 Bonds, with the specialty that the applicable 
amount for redemption of the Series A2a and A2b Bonds shall only be destined to redeem the 
Series A2a Bonds, as described in section II.11.3 of the Prospectus. 
3.3. Maturity of the Bonds 
Bonds will be considered matured on the date in which they are totally redeemed or on the date 
of Liquidation of the Fund. 
The final date of regular redemption of the Mortgage Loans 1 included in the portfolio will be 
April 30th, 2034. 
The final date of redemption of the Mortgage Loans 2 included in the portfolio will be April 30th, 
2044. 
3.4. Segregation of Series A1b and A2b Bonds: Security IO-1 and Security IO-2 
Part of the interest of the Series A1b and A2b Bonds shall be segregated on the Date of 
Incorporation, respectively, into two separate fixed income securities called Security IO-1 and 
Security IO-2, for an amount equal to Payment IO-1 and Payment IO-2, respectively. 
Security IO-1 shall comprise five hundred and seventy two (572.-) securities (equal to the 
number of Series A1b Bonds) represented by book-entries, whose total subscription price shall 
be two million five hundred and sixteen thousand nine hundred and forty eight (2,476,509.-) 
Euro. The unit price per Security IO-1 shall be 4,329.56 Euro. 
Security IO-2 shall comprise four hundred and eighty eight (488.-) securities (equal to the 
number of Series A2b) Bonds) represented by book-entries, whose total subscription price shall 
be one million four hundred and eighty two thousand nine hundred and eight (1,446,482.-) Euro. 
The unit price per Security IO-2 shall be 2,946.10 Euro. 
The subscription price of Security IO-1 and Security IO-2 shall be destined by the Sociedad 
Gestora to:  
- The partial funding of Reserve Fund 1 and Reserve Fund 2, and 
-  Payment of part of the Initial Expenses corresponding to Class 1 Bonds 
Maturity of Security IO-1 shall occur on the date of maturity of the Series A1b Bonds, or, if this 
were later than 28 December, 2007, on this last date.  
Maturity of Security IO-2 shall occur on the date of maturity of the Series A1b Bonds, or, if this 
were later than 28 December, 2007, on this last date. 
Both Security IO-1 and Security IO-2, exclusively entitle their holder to collect, on each Payment 
Date of the Fund, and until its respective maturity, an amount equal to Payment IO-1 or Payment 
IO-2, calculated as 1.5% over a notional amount equal to the Outstanding Nominal Balance of 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with 
the "Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") November 30, 2004. 
The "Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo" shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Bond Issue. 
 
 
the Series A1b Bonds, for Payment IO-1; and the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Series 
A2b Bonds, for Payment IO-2. Payment IO-1 and Payment IO-2 are governed by the same rules 
as apply to the Series A1b and A2b Bonds, respectively, relating to the Priority Payment Order of 
the Fund described under section V.4.2 of this Prospectus. 
4. Mortgage Shares and Mortgage Transfer Certificates comprising the Assets of the Fund 
The assets of the Fund TDA 22-MIXTO are formed by Mortgage Shares (hereinafter, Shares) 
and Mortgage Transfer Certificates (hereinafter, Certificates) issued by Caja General de Ahorros 
de Granada (hereinafter, “Caja Granada”), Unión de Crédito para la Financiación Mobiliaria e 
Inmobiliaria, Credifimo, E.F.C., S.A.U. (hereinafter, “Credifimo”), Caixa d'Estalvis de 
Tarragona (hereinafter, “Caixa Tarragona”), Caixa d'Estalvis de Terrassa (hereinafter, “Caixa 
Terrassa”) and Caja de Ahorros y Monte de Piedad de Navarra (hereinafter, “Caja Navarra”), in 
relation to loans granted for the acquisition, construction or restoration of a home situated on 
Spanish soil, backed with the guarantee of a residential mortgage appraised by an Appraisal 
Company. Some of the aforementioned loans come from debtor replacements in developer loans. 
The Deed of Incorporation shall execute the issue by the Sellers of the Shares and Certificates 
and subscription thereof by the Fund. Issue by the Sellers of the Shares and Certificates shall 
involve an as yet undetermined number the outstanding nominal amount whereof shall be equal 
to or slightly less than five hundred and thirty million (530,000,000.-) Euro. 
Mortgage loans serving as backing for the issue of Shares and Certificates shall be taken from the 
6,692 with an Outstanding Nominal Balance pending maturity amounting to 582,681,175.59 
Euro, as of November 9, 2004, integrating the audited portfolio mentioned in the audit report 
mentioned in Chapter I of this Prospectus. 
Among the Mortgage Loans are Loans with an Outstanding Nominal Balance not exceeding, on 
the date of the issue of the relevant Mortgage Shares, 80% of the appraised value of the 
mortgaged properties guaranteed (hereinafter, Mortgage Loans 1). Mortgage Loans 1 represent, 
on the Date of Incorporation of the Fund, a total non-matured principal equal to or slightly below 
286,000,000  Euro, distributed among the Sellers as follows: 
 
ENTITY 
Amount of Outstanding Principal  
of its Mortgage Loans 1 
 (Euro) 
Caja Granada 
132,000,000 
Credifimo 
104,000,000 
Caixa Tarragona 
50,000,000 
TOTAL 
286,000,000 
 
The Mortgage Loans 1 will cover the issue of the Mortgage Shares. 
The remaining Mortgage Loans (hereinafter, Mortgage Loans 2) are loans wherein (i) the 
Outstanding Nominal Balance is greater, on the date of the issue of the Mortgage Transfer 
Certificates, than 80% of the appraised value of the mortgaged properties guaranteeing the 
relevant Mortgage Loan, or . (ii) do not meet the appraisal requirements of the mortgaged 
property set forth in Section Law 2/1981, as the market appraisal value has been taken in the case 
of protected dwellings; or (iii) are backed by a second rank real estate mortgage. The 
Outstanding Nominal Balance of such Mortgage Loans 2 will not exceed in any case, 100% of 
the appraisal value of the mortgaged properties (considering in the case of protected dwellings 
the market appraisal value). Mortgage Loans 2 represent, on the Incorporation Date of the Fund, 
a total outstanding principal of 244,000,000 Euro, distributed among the Sellers as follows:  


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with 
the "Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") November 30, 2004. 
The "Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo" shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Bond Issue. 
 
 
 
ENTITY 
Amount of Outstanding Principal  
of its Mortgage Loans 2 
 (Euro) 
Caja Granada 
16,000,000 
Credifimo 
46,000,000 
Caixa Terrassa 
62,000,000 
Caja Navarra 
120,000,000 
TOTAL 
244,000,000 
 
Mortgage Loans 2 will cover the issue of the Mortgage Transfer Certificates. 
Mortgage Shares and Mortgage Transfer Certificates are termed, together, “Shares and 
Certificates”. 
Each Mortgage Share refers to a share of 100% of the non-matured principal of each one of the 
Mortgage Loans, accruing an interest rate equal to the nominal interest rate accrued at each time 
by the Mortgage Loan issued. 
The total distribution among issuing entities of the maximum amount of the Outstanding 
Nominal Balance pending maturity represented by the Shares and Certificates included in the 
Fund is as follows: 
 
 
ENTITY 
Maximum Amount of Outstanding Nominal Balance represented by the 
Shares and Certificates  
Caja Granada 
148,000,000 
Credifimo 
150,000,000 
Caixa Tarragona 
50,000,000 
Caja Navarra 
120,000,000,00 
Caixa Terrassa 
62,000,000 
TOTAL 
530,000,000 
 
As holder of the Shares and Certificates, the Fund will hold all legal rights recognised by the 
applicable legislation and the Shares and Certificates. Besides payments made by the debtors of 
the Mortgaged Loans, any other payment received by the Sellers, as administrators of the loans 
from the Mortgage Loans, will correspond to the Fund, including those derived from any 
accessory right of the Loan, such as compensation from insurance policies, payments made by 
possible guarantors, etc., with the exception of interest due to delayed payment, fees due to claim 
for unpaid receipts, subrogation fees, redemption and prepayment fees, together with any other 
fee which may correspond to the Sellers of the Shares and Certificates.  
The Mortgage Loans have been granted by the Sellers to their clients through common procedure 
and are administered by said issuers in accordance with their rules of management. 
Some relevant data about a selection of mortgage loans and Shares and Certificates can be 
founded in Chapter IV of this Prospectus. 
5. Order of Priority in Payments of the Fund 
In general, and in accordance with section V.4.2. of this Prospectus, income received by the Fund 
will be applied on each Payment Date to the following concepts, establishing the following 
priority order in the event that there are insufficient funds: 
Order of Priority for Class 1 Available Amounts 1 defined in section III.4.4. of this Prospectus: 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with 
the "Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") November 30, 2004. 
The "Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo" shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Bond Issue. 
 
 
(i) 
Expenses and Taxes of the Fund, (except for the management fee of the Sociedad 
Gestora, Remuneration for Financial Intermediation 1 and Floating Remuneration of 
Participating Loan 1), in accordance with the provisions of section III.4.3 of this Issue 
Prospectus 
(ii) 
Payments to the Sociedad Gestora 
(iii) 
Payment of the net amount of Derivatives Contracts 1 (annual) and (biannual), and, in 
the event of termination of the aforementioned agreements pursuant to breach by the 
Fund, payment of the amount payable by the Fund corresponding to the settlement 
payment 
(iv) 
Interest payments of the A1a Series, A1b Series Bonds and Payment IO-1 
(v) 
Interest payments of the B1 Series Bonds 
(vi) 
Interest payments of the C1 Series Bonds 
(vii) 
Interest payments of the D1 Series Bonds 
(viii) 
Redemption of the Class 1 Bonds, in accordance with the provisions of section 
II.11.2. 
(ix) 
Incorporation of the Reserve Fund 1 
(x) 
As the case may be, payment of settlement payment of Derivatives Contracts 1 
(annual) and (biannual) payable by the Fund, pursuant to termination of the 
aforementioned agreement pursuant to causes other than as set forth in point (iii) 
above 
(xi) 
Interest accrued by Loan for Initial Expenses 1 
(xii) 
Interest accrued by Subordinated Loan 1 (to cover the difference) 
(xiii) 
Fixed Remuneration of Participating Loan 1 
(xiv) 
Redemption of the Principal of Loan for Initial Expenses 1 
(xv) 
Redemption of the Principal of Subordinated Loan 1 
(xvi) 
Redemption of Participating Loan 1 
(xvii) 
Variable Remuneration of Participating Loan 1 and Remuneration for Financial 
Intermediation  1 
In no event shall Available Resources 2 deriving from the Mortgage Transfer Certificates be 
used to pay for items relating to Class 1 Securities. 
 
Order of Priority for Class 2 Available Amounts 2 defined in section 3.4.4. of this Prospectus: 
(i) 
Expenses and Taxes of the Fund, (except for the management fee of the Sociedad 
Gestora, Remuneration for Financial Intermediation 2 and Floating Remuneration of 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with 
the "Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") November 30, 2004. 
The "Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo" shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Bond Issue. 
 
 
Participating Loan 2) in accordance with the provisions of section III.4.3 of the Issue 
Prospectus 
(ii) 
Payment to the Sociedad Gestora 
(iii) 
Payment of the net amount of Derivatives Contracts 2 (annual) and (biannual), and, in 
the event of termination of the aforementioned agreement pursuant to breach by the 
Fund, payment of the amount payable by the Fund corresponding to the settlement 
payment 
(iv) 
Interest payments of the A2a Series, A2b Series Bonds and Payment IO-2 
(v) 
Interest payments of the B2 Series Bonds 
(vi) 
Interest payments of the C2 Series Bonds 
(vii) 
Interest payments of the D2 Series Bonds 
(viii) 
Redemption of the Class 2 Bonds, in accordance with the provisions of section 
II.11.3. 
(ix) 
Incorporation of the Reserve Fund 2 
(x) 
As the case may be, payment of settlement payment of Derivatives Contracts 1 
(annual) and (biannual) payable by the Fund, pursuant to termination of the 
aforementioned agreement pursuant to causes other than as set forth in point (iii) 
above 
(xi) 
Interest accrued by the Loan for Initial Expenses 2 
(xii) 
Interest accrued by Subordinated Loan 2 (to cover the difference) 
(xiii) 
Fixed Remuneration of Participating Loan 2 
(xiv) 
Redemption of the Principal of Loan for Initial Expenses 2 
(xv) 
Redemption of the Principal of Subordinated Loan 2 
(xvi) 
Redemption of the Principal of Participating Loan 2 
(xvii) 
Variable Remuneration of Participating Loan 2 and Remuneration of Financial 
Intermediation  2 
In no event shall Available Resources 1 deriving from the Mortgage Shares be used to pay for 
items relating to Class 2 Securities. 
6. Credit enhancements affecting the Bonds 
A series of financial transactions exist to improve the risk of the Bonds. Said transactions are as 
follows:  


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with 
the "Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") November 30, 2004. 
The "Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo" shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Bond Issue. 
 
 
Reserve Fund 1, described in section V.3.7.(i)., will have an initial amount of 3,003,000  Euro 
which will be deposited in the Treasury Account and will maintain a Minimum Level in relation 
to the behaviour of the arrears of the Mortgage Loans 1 portfolio.  
Reserve Fund 2, described in section V.3.75.(ii)., will have an initial amount of 5,514,400 Euro, 
which will be deposited in the Treasury Account and will maintain a Minimum Level in relation 
to the behaviour of the arrears of the Mortgage Loans 2 portfolio and the relation between the 
live balance and the appraisal values of said loans. 
Subordination of the B1, C1 and D1 Bonds: payment of interest of the Bonds of Series A1b, B1, 
C1 and D1 is subordinated to the payment of interest of the Bonds of Series A1a and A1b. 
Redemption of the principal of the Class 1 Bonds shall be subject to the provisions of section 
II.11.2 of the present Prospectus. 
Subordination of the B2, C2 and D2 Bonds: payment of interest of the Bonds of Series A2b, B2, 
C2 and D2 is subordinated to the payment of interest of the Bonds of Series A2a and A2b. 
Redemption of the principal of the Class 2 shall be subject to the provisions of   section II.11.3 of 
the present Prospectus. 
Fund Account at a guaranteed floating interest rate, described in section V.3.8.: all amounts 
received by the Fund from the Mortgage Loans and the rest of the Treasury will remain deposited 
at accounts opened in the name of the Fund at the Financial Agent, with a maximum short term 
rating granted by the Rating Agency, Moody’s Investors España, S.A.. In the event that an Seller 
achieves said rating, a Reinvestment Account shall be opened in the name of the Fund at said 
Rated Seller. 
Derivatives Contracts: described under section V.3.9 of this Prospectus. 
7.Rating of the Securitisation Bonds 
On the Date of registration of the present Prospectus with the official registries of the Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores, a preliminary rating has been granted by Moody’s Investors 
Service España, S.A. (hereinafter, the “Rating Agency”), of: 
BONDS  
Class 1 
 Preliminary 
Rating 
A1a 
Aaa 
A1b 
Aaa 
Security IO-1 
Aaa 
B1 
A2 
C1 
Baa2 
D1 
Ba2 
 
BONDS  
Class 2 
 Preliminary 
Rating 
A2a 
Aaa 
A2b 
Aaa 
Security IO-2 
Aaa 
B2 
A1 
C2 
Baa2 
D2 
Ba2 
 
 
 
 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with 
the "Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") November 30, 2004. 
The "Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo" shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Bond Issue. 
 
 
8.Payment and Notice Dates 
Payment Dates: March 28th, November 10th, September 28th and December 28th of each year, or, 
if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day. The first Payment 
Date will take place on March 29th, 2005. 
Notice Dates of the amounts of redemption of the principal of the Bonds corresponding to 
the immediately following Payment Date: March 26th, June 26th, September 26th and December 
26th of each year, or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day. 
9.Early Liquidation of the Fund (call) and termination of the Fund 
By virtue of the Deed of Incorporation of the Fund and the present Issue Prospectus, the 
Sociedad Gestora is entitled to proceed to the early liquidation of the Fund when the Outstanding 
Nominal Balance of the Shares and Certificates is less than 10% of the initial amount, provided 
that the proceeds of the liquidation of the assets permits the discharge of the outstanding 
obligations to the Bondholders, in accordance with the priority order set forth in section V.4.2 of 
this Prospectus, and provided that the necessary authorisations have been obtained from the 
relevant authorities.  
The circumstances entailing termination of the Fund are as set forth in section III.10 of this 
Prospectus. 
10.Listing of the Securitisation Bonds  
This issue will be requested to be listed on the AIAF Fixed Income Market, an official secondary 
market created by the Asociación de Intermediarios de Activos Financieros.  
11.Accounting Registration 
The entity in charge of the accounting registry of the Securities will be the Sociedad de Gestión 
de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., (hereinafter, 
IBERCLEAR), or the entity which replaces it, which will settle and clear transactions effected in 
relation to the issued Securities.  
12.Financial Agent 
The financial service of the Bonds will be performed through Banco Santander Central Hispano, 
S.A.  
13.Additional Information 
Illustrative Nature of the Information  
The information in the tables contained in the Prospectus regarding interest rates, redemption of 
principal, average lives and yields, and especially the information contained in the Financial 
Service Table of the Fund is provided only on an illustrative basis, and the stated amounts do not 
represent concrete payment obligations by the Fund to third parties on the corresponding dates or 
periods to which they refer. The data have been calculated under assumptions of interest, default 
and prepayment rates that are subject to continuous change; therefore any investor interested in 
knowing the expected payment scheduled on any particular date should request the pertinent 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with 
the "Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") November 30, 2004. 
The "Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo" shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Bond Issue. 
 
 
information from the institutions authorised to distribute it, which are listed in this Prospectus. As 
stated in section III.5. of this Prospectus, the Sociedad Gestora commits itself to make the 
information relating thereto available to the general public. 
Risk of default of the Mortgage Shares and the Mortgage Transfer Certificates 
Holders of the Securities issued charged to the Fund shall bear the risk of default of the Shares 
and Certificates included in the Fund, taking into account the protection afforded by the credit 
enhancement mechanisms. 
The Sellers do not assume any liability whatsoever for the non-payment by the mortgage debtors 
of principal, interest or any other amount that may be due under the Mortgage Loans. Neither 
will they, under any circumstance assume any responsibility in guaranteeing, either directly or 
indirectly, the success of the transaction, nor will they give guarantees or warranties, nor enter 
into repurchase agreements for the Shares and Certificates, neither under the Deed of 
Incorporation nor in that of any other pact or contract. All of the above is without prejudice to the 
liabilities of the Sellers in relation to the Loan Agreements and the commitment described on 
Clauses 9 and 10 of the Deed of Incorporation described in section IV.2. of this Prospectus. 
Risk of early redemption of the Mortgage Shares and the Mortgage Transfer Certificates 
The Shares and Certificates included in the Fund are subject to early redemption when the 
borrowers of the underlying mortgage loans prepay the outstanding capital pending redemption 
thereof. 
Recourse in case of default by Mortgage Debtors 
In the event on non-payment of any amount due to the holders of the issued Securities, the latter 
will have recourse only against the Sociedad Gestora and only in the event that the Sociedad 
Gestora is in breach of any of its obligations under the Deed of Incorporation. The Sociedad 
Gestora is the only authorised representative of the Fund vis-à-vis third parties and in any legal 
proceeding, in accordance with the law. 
The obligations of the Sellers and of the rest of participants in the transaction are limited to those 
arising from the corresponding contracts relating to the Fund, whereof the most relevant are 
described in this Prospectus. 
Nature of the Prospectus 
A prerequisite for the issue of the Bonds is its prior registration with the Official Registry of the 
Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores, pursuant to Art. 26 et seq. of Law 24/1988, of July 
28th, (Ley del Mercado de Valores) in its current wording. This Prospectus has been registered 
with the Official Registry of the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores on November 30, 
2004, in accordance with Circular 2/1994 of March 16th of the Comisión Nacional del Mercado 
de Valores. 
Registration of the Prospectus by the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores does not imply 
a recommendation to purchase the securities nor a view of any kind towards the solvency of the 
Sellers or the yield of the issue. 
The Sociedad Gestora is liable vis-à-vis the holders of the issued Securities for the information 
contained in the Prospectus. The present Prospectus does not constitute an offer or a request for 
subscription, purchase or assignment of the Securities in jurisdictions in which such an offer is 
not in accordance with applicable law or to persons whose personal law does not authorise such 
offer. 
 


This prospectus is a translation into English of the original "Folleto Informativo" drafted in Spanish language and registered with 
the "Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores" (the Spanish Securities Market Commission, "CNMV") November 30, 2004. 
The "Folleto Informativo" drafted in the Spanish language is the only official document, and no document other than the "Folleto 
Informativo" shall have any legal effect or be relied upon with regard to the Bond Issue. 
 
 
14. Participants 
Originators: Caja General de Ahorros de Granada, Unión de Crédito para la Financiación 
Mobiliaria e Inmobiliaria, Credifimo, E.F.C., S.A.U., Caixa d'Estalvis de Tarragona, Caixa 
d'Estalvis de Terrassa and Caja de Ahorros y Monte de Piedad de Navarra 
Sociedad Gestora: Titulización de Activos, SGFT, S.A. 
Paying Agent, Depository and Financial Agent: Banco Santander Central Hispano, S.A. 
Placement Director: Bear Stearns International Limited and EBN Banco de Negocios, S.A.. 
Underwriters: Bear Stearns International Limited, EBN Banco de Negocios, S.A.., Caixa 
Terrassa, Caixa Tarragona, Caja Navarra, Caja Granada, El Monte, Caja Madrid, Caja Castilla 
La Mancha, Bancos Santander Central Hispano, CDC Ixis y DZ Bank. 
Design and structure of the issue: Titulización de Activos, SGFT, S.A. and Bear, Stearns 
International Limited 
Legal Advisor: J& A Garrigues, S.L. 
Auditors: Ernst & Young 


TAS pospciaisa Tarn o Engl) oe oral Fo Mora dates Soon resaoe andreas
ire “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spas Secues Mal Cormison, “CMV Noveno So, 204
To oleo iomatrsdates o Sosneh rguaze me cn) «cil decoran aro documen oe an e Flete
nero aha y oa ade or orto po) marga le Bons.

CHAPTER | 4

CHAPTER Il 6
iaa. Apenas ode ad ol Diecrsgumig ol ab Dd ud sy Manda Ropero
maz Dai lg dl de Se

1112. Redempuen Pc
OS
MIS. Roempan 02 Pucela Bon.

219, Aplicar Sabscnbe rPotne Secre

1192. Lega Comadeaos de Secuies  eaed
M9 Formand Terme Dele de Str be Sabio Bale

1



RE EEE EE TO ANP HOT a Sc area

"Lomo Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" ino Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, "CMV Noveno 5, 204
Tio Foto nomas atado Sana pc e ca oc Ou, rd decorar a a Flo
nero aha y oa ade or orto po) marga le Bons.

HE Apple Sp Lan Cog Cutie Polo —

M2 Pesos lie Traci -

MS Secar Conc

M2 Inia copan in an put Ai o e Design Jr Incopori le Fund or
a a al Cad esp

CHAPTER II!
ML Lega imac ad Pepo ole Crono Beas
MZ Ne ono ad Regio le and
MS Mage ad Representan 0 e Fua as Bond lr —

Tinas. Doerpuan ode Asia a und —
Maz Desde Le ed
musa Dilema sá dd
ME Replcemenol be Pic

MO Ey Cda ad Traba ol Find
CHAPTER IV
ME Age Man Em

MOZA Renedo Ai e Sr aC —
a e e cepo ele de MS MET

CHAPTER V.
VA ta Baal Be Pond Ta ol Arpa Estad Bela o e Fri Flow le

12. Table loca ad Espa o Fs



TAS pospciaisa Tarn o Engl) oe oral Fo Mora dates Soon resaoe andreas
ire “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spas Secues Mal Cormison, “CMV Noveno So, 204
To oleo iomatrsdates o Sosneh rguaze me cn) «cil decoran aro documen oe an e Flete
nero aha y oa ade or orto po) marga le Bons.

Vas. Puscpaio La 1
rra e]
ON rimas al sra a ei e Ec a]

CHAPTER VI 140

"arpa in ur Compare

Des Tie, Quin Sub tes n Esc Cas 12
CHAPTER VII 143
vaz, Empleos Desde aso Trnd Mded te Prccdog Sec VI,
APPENDIX AGREEMENTS BETWEEN SELLERS
APPENDIX 2: AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE SOCIEDAD GESTORA.
APPENDIX 3: RATING DOCUMENT.
APPENDIX 4: AUDIT REPORT
APPENDIX 5: DEFINITIONS
APPENDIX 6: REPRESENTATIONS OF THE PLACEMENT ENTITY AND CO-
PLACEMENT ENTITIES
APPENDIX7: REPRESENTATIONS OF THE ASSIGNING ENTITIES


TAS pospciesa Tarso Engl Be apio Io dales Span guapo ano eperad ut
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" (no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, "CNMV Novento 5,204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

CHAPTER I

PERSONS ASSUMING RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONTENTS OF
THE PROSPECTUS AND SUPERVISING ENTITIES

LL.  Persons Assuming Responsibility for the Contents of his Prospectus

LLJ Individuals Assuming Responsibility on Behalf of the Sociedad Gestora for the

Contents ol this Prospectus

D. Ramón Pérez Hernández, General Manager of TITULIZACION DE ACTIVOS, SGET.
S.A, by vine of the resolution of the Board of Directors ol the Sociedad Gestora held om
July 26, 2004, assumes responsibility on behalf of the Sociedad Gestora fr the contents of
tb Prospectus. D. Ramón Pérez Homández hero representative confirms ihe veracity of
tb contents ol his Prospectus and that here arc no omissions of relevant data or tt may
be mistcading

The registered office of TITULIZACION DE ACTIVOS, SGFT. S.A. has its registered
lfices in Madrid, 69, Calle Orense, and lis Tax Identification Number (CIE) is A-
80352750. lt has hen registered under mumber 3 in the Special Registry of Sociedades
Gestoras de Fondos de Ttuización of the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores
(hercinalr, the “CNMV.

12. Supervising Entities

12,

Reference to Registration o the Issue with he Official Registry of the CNMV

This Prospectus has been registered with the Official Registry of the CNMV on November
30,200.

Registration of the Prospectus with the CNMV shall not imply any recommendation to
subscribe or purchase the sccuitic, nr a view ol any Kind on th solvency of the issuer or
th yield ofthe issue.

13. Audit Reports

The Board of Directors of the Sociedad Gestora during ts mecting ol Jly 26, 2004, appointed
Ernst de Young, registered with the R.O.A.C. with number SOS30, as suditors of the Fund, The
Board of Directors of the Sociedad Gestora will inform the CNMY of any change in the
desigrsion of th auditor

Atachod as Appendix 4 is the Audit Report on th issue of Mortgage Shares and Mortgage
Transfer Cerilicaes to be included in the Fund caicd out by Emst £: Young or Caja
Granada, Crediimo, Caixa Tarragona, Caixa Terrassa and Caja Navarra, in accordance with
Anicle $ of Royal Decree 926/1998. Said Audit Report covers seres of atribute, both
uamtiaive and qualitative. of the loans, specifically: parpose, borrower idetificaion.


TAS pospciesa Tarso Engl Be apio Io dales Span guapo ano eperad ut
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" (no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, "CNMV Novento 5,204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

mongage guarantee, mongaged propeny address, appraisal value, damage insurance,
formaliaton dese, final maturty dat, initial amount, current balance, payment deays, interes
reference rte, interest rue margin, margin applicd and ratio between curent balance and
appeal value

Said Repor has ben claborated from a selection of mortgage loans extractd from the 6,692
montage loans with balance, on November 9, 2004, of 582.681,175.59 Euro, which comprisc
the died ponfolio; and has Been made using Sampling techniques tha constitute a commonly
Accepted procedure to verily the registes held at ens in relation o 1 group ol ems
Cpopalato”) and alow the infernce ol said population by an analysis of a number ol ems
sample”) smullr than he total group. The level of confidence inicates the probably that
it cal number ol tens vih dviations from an csting trend of population docs not excoed a
predetermined limit ("precision"), The size of the sample and Ihe confidence level chosen
determine that int cvent of eros not being found in he sample, a maximum error level
¿nferedfortho population, always diferen rom zero.

ln the cvent that new cor are detected in th rest of the population which have not ben
initial detected by the audios or the res oh population not included in hc sample, the
corresponding Shares and Corficaes sal be replaced in accordance with section EV.

The Sociedad Gestora declare iba al he Mortgage Loans bucking Shares and Comificates
included in he Fund TDA on the Incorporatin Date shall belong to the pontolosto which the
“ui repor mentioned ercunder efrs


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

CHAPTER HL
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE SECURITIES ISSUED

ILL. Information on Requirements and Mandatory Prior Agrecments

ILLA. Agreements of the Board of Directos, t granting of a Put
Mandatory Requirements in accordance with Applicable Law

Dee and any other

The present issue and subscription af the Mortgage Shares and Mongage Transfer
Cerúlicaes and the incorporation ol the Fund have been authorisd by the agreements
adopted by the Board of Directors of the Sociedad Gestora, in a mecting held on July 26th.
2004 and by the Board of Directors of Caja Granada, held on September 2,2004, the Board
of Directos of Caixa Terrassa, held on October 13, 2004, the Board of Directors of
Crediimo, held on Jaly 15, 2004, the Executive Commites of Caja Navara, held on.
August 27, 2004, and the Board ol Directors of Caixa Tarragona, held on Sepiember 3,
2004, as sl ori in Appendixes Land 2 of lis Prospecta

The Sociedad Gestora is qualifid o arrange Fondos de Titulización, and, consequenly, to
“administran legally represen hem. pursuant to Royal Decrec 926/1998.

The Decd of Incorporaion of the Fund, issue and Subscription of Mortgage Shares and!
Montage transfer Certificates and issue of Securitic will be executed prior to the beginning,
of the Subscription Period of the Bonds. The Sociedad Gestora warrans that th contents ol
ibe Decd of Incomoration of the Fund shall conform to the provisions of this Issue
Prospectus and he draft Decd of incorporation forwarded to the CNMV.

Parsuant to Royal Decrec 926/1998, nither the Fund nor the secuitis isued thercby will
bo registered with the Registro Mercanil (Commercial Registry),

maz

ing and Liquidity of the Securities
This issue shall e requested for listing on the ALA.
The entity in charge of regsteing the accounts of the Bonds will be IBERCLEAR, or any
¿aer entty replaing 1, which will clar and sele transations efccted in relation o the
Bonds. Such tasks shall be carried out directly by IBERCLEAR or any other entity
replacing it throws its participating eli

112. Prior Administrative Authorisation
No prior administra athoriation is necessary

113. Evaluation of the Inherent Risk of the Bonds

The Sociedad Gestora in ts capacity as founder and legal repesentive of th Fund, and the
Sellers, ín thcir capacity as Seller of the Shares and Certificates ive agree o request

6


E EEE EEE TR ARNET FA rar date Sar a pe
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

Moody's Investors Service España, S.A to award ratings o cach one of the Series and Clases
of Bonds, in acordance with an. of Royal Decrec 926/19.

On the Registration Date of the Prospectus with the CNMV, a preliminary rating has been
isvarded by Moody's Investors Sevic España, SA. ob

The Rating Agency was conmmissioned to perform an evaluation of the Secuitisation Secuis
and provide the mting terco.

The rating, y definition, constitute the opinion of the Agency as to 1h level o credit risk (ate
payment and dela) to which the Securitis are subject. Accordingl, 1his involves am
«sscssment of hc lkeltood tt holders of the issued Securitis will reccive payments ol
interest ducto hm on the expected datos

Moody's assessment takes into account th structure of the isuc of Securtic, th egal aspects
thcreol he characteriscs of the Fund, the nature and characteristics of the Mortgage Louns
“and the regulaiy and continuiy of the How af funds in th transaction.

The rating awarded by Moody's docs not constitute an assesmcnt of the probubiliy that the
mortgage debtoss will prepay or edeem the principal, nor is tan assessment of he extent to
which such payments may dffr from th original expecaions. The rain doce not in ny say
imply an assessment of th likely ich of the Bonds.

Moody's rating scales for long and shore deb issues areas follows:

|
a

Prime-1
las [Prime-2
A [Prime-3
[Ba ÍNot Primo
[ña

la

[Cas

[Ca

C



TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

Moody's applics the mumerical modiirs 1. 2 and 3 to cach longer ring. category
comprised beswcen Aa und B. Modicr 1 indiats values in the higher tranche ol the rain,
category, modifier 2 indicate medium tranchc and modifi 3 indicate values wibin hc lower
tranch each general category.

The ratings alocaed to cach of Bond Seres by Moody's measure th expected loss prior to
the Legal Maturey Date o he Fund. The sructur allows the punctual payment o interes ad
payment of principal during the lf of he transaction, and, in any event, prior 10 the Final
Mtwrty Date. In respeto the 10-1 Security and the 10-2 Socwnty, Moody's mig is an
opinion on the Fund's abilizy o perform punctally Payment 1O-1 and Payment 102.
respectively. However, it dies not refer to the nocionl amount based on which they are
calculated

ln order to make ls assessment, Moody's has relied upon the statements mado by the
participants in he transaction, by ls uditrs ad Lawyer, and by oler experts conceming the
ccurscy and complteness of th information provided in connection wi he rating ads
subsequent monitoring

The rating awarded by Moody's upon th creation oh Fund is subject 1o revision, suspension
or withdraval a any time, on the bass of any information ol which lt becomes aware, The
¿mil rating, a well as any revision e suspension:

— Ane formulated by Moody on the bass fa considerable amount o information received.
“and in respec of which Moody's gives no assurance as regards accuracy ar completeness
o that Moadys shall no in manner he considered lible

— Do not constitute and cannot, heefor, e intepreted in any way as recommendation or
encouragement to Bond holders to proccod to effect any transaction in respect of the
Securites and in particular to buy, hold, rtain, plage r sell th Bonds.

—  Andnithe refe hc market conditions, or the possible needs of any particular investor

The absence of confirmation prior o hc hegiming of the subscription period of the provisional
ratings awarded 10 the Bonds (Ala, Alb, B1, Cl, A2a, A2b, B2 y C2) and fised income
securitis (Security 1O-1 and Securiy 102) by the Rating Agen will conste grounds for
th terminacion ol he Fund, and of te Fund Agroements and ol the issue of Bonds and
Securiies

The document in which the Rating Agency grant the prelimimay rating to Ihis issue is
included as Appendix 3 of his Prospecta. Fumbermore, the document whercn the Rating
Agency shall award this issue definiiv rating shall e communicate to the CNMV

14. Nature and Name of the Bonds Esued

The aggregate amount of the issue is five hundred and iy million (530.000.000. Euro,
divided ino five thousand ree hundred ($300.) Bonds of two Clases: Clas 1, divided into
five Bond Sens (Ala, A1b, BL, Cl and DI) and Class 2, divided into four Bond Serie (A2a.


E EEE EEE TR ARNET FA rar date Sar a pe
"Lomo Nacion dl Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, "CNMV November 5,204

Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

A2b, 182, C2 and D2) Additionaly, e Fund shall issue two fed income securiti called 10-

1 Security ad 10-2 Security, as ts described section U.12 af this Prospoctus.

Dai fro Ses Al onda bad gen BO. Sesiy

domo salta pla conan ct 112 0 be pr Poseo

530000 EURIBOR 3 + 024% da
Ld082 1 ote Nocinate E
100.0 EURIBOR 3 DAS Pos voz al

ONO — EURIBOR +08 Pas lat

od 10 Sea de E Occ Nal ls ld Sos 3
A

The Bonds are issued under Royal Decre 926/1998, bencíting from tir nuture as fixed
income secure tar are homogencous, Stndardicd, and therefore negotible in organised
sccuriis market.

HAL. Different regularity between the Flow of Income and Payments of the Fund.

The financial servico of the Securtics issued by the Fund is mado from the Hlow of income.
of the Shares and Cenificates, The Fund reccves such income on a weekly basis om the par
of Caixa Tarragona, Caixa Terrassa, and Credifimo, and on a daily basis by Caja Granado
and Caja Navarra, nto the Collection Account. Said revenues aro transerte in a monthly
basis to the Treasury Account. The Fund makes its payments on a quartrly bass, and the
Fund's resources hall be invested on a temporary basis Ahrough to Fund's Accounts, as
specified in section V.38, of his Prospects. Global protection mechanisms are available to
th Fund, wbich cover up to acera limit the ssk ol insufficiency of resources of the Fund!
and which have been taken into consideraion by the Rating Agency for the purpose of
“varding the rating lo the Securitis issued by the Fund described in section IL3. af this
Prospectus.

Haz. Priority olPayments

With respect to Uh payment of inerest and principal of the Securitics, the holders of the
issued Securtics are subt to he priority of payments ol the Fund s described in section
V.2, oHihis Prospects.


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

HAS. Other Risk Considerations

Risk of mon-payment of the Mortgage Shares and the Mortgage

Bond holders shall bear the risk of non-paymen of the Shares and Cenúficates
included in the Fund, taking into account the protection granted by the credit
enhancement mechanitms.

The Sellers will not assume any liabiliy whatsocver for the non-payment by the
Monago debtos, of cther principal interest or any other amount hat may be due
pursuant to the Mongage Loans. Neithcr shall they, under any other form
whatever, assume any responsibility in guarantecing, cither directly or
indirccl, the final success of the transaction nor give guarantees or warrantic,
or enter into repurchase agreements for the Shares and Certificates, neither
úpursuant to the Deed of Incorporation of he Fund, the Present Issue Prospectus o
he Fund, or any che pact or contract, Al of the above is without predice to the
responsibiltics of Abe. Selles in respect of o their commiment as to the
management of ths mortgage loans described under section IV of this Prospoctus
“nd Clase 9.3 the Dec of Encorporation of he Fund.

1432. Risk of prepayment of the Mortgage Shares and the Mortgage
Transfer Certificates

Tas Sharos and Centificates included in the Fund may be subject to prepayment
ben the borrowers of he underiying mortgage losns rcimbuese in advance the
outstanding capital pending redemptiom of the loans

The risk entiled by said prepayment will be transfrred quanery, on cach
Payment Date, to the Bond holders in accordance with th rules of redempiio.
described in section IL. f this Prospoctus.

1433. Other Considerations

Limited Protection: An investment in the Bonds may be affect, among other
things, by a downtum in general economic conditions which may adversely affect
he payments ol the Mortgage Loans which support the Fund. Sutficienty high
defauls could reduce, or even climinate, he protection of the Bonds against losses
in the Loan portfolio, which ís provided by the existence ol the credit
enbancements described in section Vf this Prospects.

Limited Liabiity: The Bonds issucd by the Fund do not represen an obligan.
af Ahe Sociedad Gestora o of the Sellers. The flow of resources to cover payment
bligations arsing from the Bonds is insured or guarantecd only on the specii
«ircumstance and to the limited extent cited in this Prospects. With the exception
df Ahese gusrantees, no hr guarantes ae granted by any public or private nit
including the Sellers, Titulización de Activos, or any other sfilite or company or
in which hey should have an interest, hc Shares and Cerúlicates representng the
Loans and rights they email constitu the sole source o income for he Fund and,
Alerfore, he sole source ol payments 1 th holders of ts iabiliis

Limited Liquidity: There is no guarantee that a secondary market with a
minimum frequency and liquidiy vil develop.

10


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

Funhermore, in no event may the Bonds be repurchased by the Fund from the
holders, alough cari redemption of the Bonds in cir entity is possible in he
event of the cary liguidation of the Fund (Cleas-up Call), when the Outstanding
Nominal Balance of th Shares plus the Comifictes pending redempion, is les
han 105% of the initial balance of al the Shares and Certificates, in Uh terms set
tin section HILO. of his Prospectas.

Yield: The rate of prepayment of the Loans may be inluenced by a variety of
geographical, economic and social factors, such as the age ol iho debiors,
Scasonaliy, market interest rates and unemployment

Calculaion of the yield, average life and duration of ihe Bonds involves
“assumptioos regarding prepayment rates that may not occur.

Default Interests The existence uf deays in payment of interes or principal to
lc Bond holders shall in no cuen result in default interest in cir favor

Legal Aspects: As of tie Date of Incorporation of the Fund and issue of the
Bonds, the Sellers shall grant series ol represcntations and warratis on the
haraciersis of the Loans and the Shares and Cenificates conceming the
existence of the Loans and any guaranteesrelatig threto, if any, as well as on he
“absence ol any obstacie to lhe issue of the Shares and Centfcats, and their
conformity with the characteristics of the Loans set out in the Desd of

Incorporation and in his Prospectas. The Sellers do not warrant in any way the
solvency of the deblors ol the Loans. Purthermore, such warrantics do not enable

Bond holders to exercise against the Sellers any rights, which they may have:
against th Fund: the Sociedad Gestora is the only authorsed representative of the
Bond holder in relation wi ind partics and in any legal proccedings related to
le Fund in accordance with nice 12 (1) of Royal Decres 926/1998 and in article
paragraph 2 Law 19/1992.

In accordance with the Decd of Incorportion of the Fund and his Prospects, th
Sellers, as managers of the mortgage loans, undeniake lo act, as regande the
servicing of the Mortgage Loans, using the same degrec of care as when desling
with any other loan inthcir portfolio.

Form und Representation und name and address of entty in charge of the accounting
registry

The Bonds wil be represented as book entris, in accordance with Royal Decre 926/1998 and
they vil be consútuted as such by vine of hcirregistaion in he comesponding accounting
regis.

The Bond holders shall he identiid as such (on tir own behal or on behalf third pri)
in the registry maintained by IBERCLEAR or any olber emy replacing it, which will be
ppointed entity in charge of he accounting registry of he Bonds in ecordanco with he Decd
ol Incorpoation of the Fund, in such a way that sctlement and clcarance of he Bonds ás
cfcctod in accordance with he rules cstablishd or hat may be cstablistcd in the future by
IBERCLEAR, or any ciber ett replacing it for sccuritic admined to listing on the AJA
Matet and represented as book entres


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

IL. Amownt of the Issue

116.1. Nominal amount ofthe Bond issue in nominal Euro, number of Bonds and amount of
each Bond

The aggregate nominal amount of the ss of Securtisaion Bonds will be five hundred and!
hi million ($3.000.000.) Euro, represented as book entres, ach with a nominal amount of
ne hundred thousand (100.000) nominal Euro. A total of ive thousand three handecd (5200)
Bonds will be issued, in two Classes

Class 1. The Bonds will be issued in five Series ora total amount o two hundred and cighy
six thousand (286.000.000-) Euro, divided into:

- Two usara one hundred and seventy cight(2178.) Ala Bonds, for a total amount of
to hundred and seventecn millon cight hundred thousand (217.800.00.-) Euro.

- Five hundred and seventy two (572-) Al Bonds, for a total amount of fly seven
thousand two hundred thousand (57,200.000.) Euro

- Forty six 146.) BI Bonds, for a total amount of four millon six hundred thousand
4.0000.) Faro.

-  'Thimy seven (37.) CI Bonds, for a total amount of tree millon seven hundred
thousand (3.700.000. Euro.

- Twenty sexen (27) DI Bonds, for a total amount of two million seven hundred
thousand (2700.00. Euro.

Class 2. Th Class 2 Bonds vil be issued in five Seis fora total most of tw hundred and
forty four million (244.000.000-) Euro, divided ino:

- One thousand ix hundred and cighty nin (1.689) A2a Bonds, fora total amount of
ne hundred and ixy ig millon nin hunde tous (165.300.000. Euro.

- Four hundred and cighuy cight (488.) A2b Binds, for a total amount of foty ch
millon cight hundred thousand (48.800.000) Euro.

- On hundred and fony six (146.) B2 Bonds, fora total amount of fourteen million ix
hundred thousand (14.600.000) Euro.

-  Sinty (60.02 Bonds, fora total amount of six million (6.000.000. Euro.

-  fifty seven(57.. D2 Bonds, fora total amount of five málion seven hundred thousand!

(5TODI0O-) Faro.

1162. 10-1 Security and 10-2 Security

Security 10-1 sal comprise five hundred and seventy tmo (572.3 securiis, with a nominal
osional amount cqual to the nominal amount of te cach of the Series AJB Bonds, ¿e. one
Hundred thousand (100.000) Euro on the Incoporation Date of the Fund. On cach Payment Date,

13


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

th national amount of Security 10-1 shall bo equal to the Outstanding Nominal Balance of ho
Series Alb Bonds.

Security 10-2 sal comprise our hundred and cighuy cight (488) securitis, wit a nominal
nosonal amount equal to the nominal amount of th cach of the Series A2b Bonds dc. one
Hundred thousand (100.000) Euro on the Incoporation Date of the Fund. On cach Payment Date,
th notional amount of Security 10-2 shall e equal to the Outstanding Nominal Balance of ho
Series A2b Bonds.

117. Effective and Nominal Amount of Each Security

The isue price of cach Bond in Series Ala, A2a, B1, B2, Cl, C2, DI and D2 will be one
Fundred thousand (100.000) Euro, ha is, 100% of lis nominal amown

The issue price of he Series A1b Bonds shall be made 11 104336 of thcir nominal value, e.
for an amount of one hundred and four thousand tee hundred and twenty nine Euro fi sx
cenis (104,329.56) Euro. On the Incorporation Date of the Fund, part of he interest of the
Series Alb Bonds shall be egregatd, as described in section IL12 of he present Prospectus
¿nto tonomoss fixed income socuntics called Security 10-1- On the Disbursemnt Date, cach
fte Series Alb Bonds shall be subscribed, and shall involve payment of) one hundred
thousand (100.000) Euro, by the Alb Bond Subscribers; and (i) four thousand ihr hundred
and twenty nine Euro ffy six ces (4.329,56) Euro, by cach subserbor o Security 10-1

The issue price of he Series A2b Bond shall be made u1 102966 of thcir nominal value...
for an amount of one hundred and two thousand rin hundred and sity fosr Euro ten cents
(102,964.10) Euro. On the Incoporaton Date of the Fund, par of le interes of the Seres Ab
Bonds shall be segregated, as described in section IL12 of the present Prospects, into
utonomous fixed income secuies called Securiy 10-2. On the Disbursement Dat, cch of
ib Series A2b Bonds shall be subscibcd. and shall involve payment of (1 one hundred
thousand (100,000. Euro, by he A1B Bond subscribe; ad (is) two thousand nine hundred
and sixy our Euro ten cens (2964.10) ro, by cach subsctbor of Security 10-2

Each of ti Series Ala, BI, Cl, DI A2a. B2, C2 and D2 Bonds, al of them isucd ut price
esual 19 tir nominal amount, Le, 100.000 Euro, shall he subscrbed for such amount, which
hal be disursed by cach ubscribrs om hc Disbursement Date

The reimbursement price of cach Bond shal e one hundred thousand (100.000) Euro, equal
to lts nominal amount. Reimburscment of 10-1 Security and 10-2 Securty shall be made
pursuant to Payment 1O-1 and Payment 10-2, respectively, in the terms o section 1112 of his
Prospecta. Le, Security 10-1 and Security 10-2 do not entile cir holders to recover the
subscrpon price, but only a right 1 cole, until maturiythrcof Payment 1O-1 and Payment
102, respectively, always subject to the Priority Payment Ranking Order described under
section V-4 ofi Prospecta

IL8, Fees and related expenses of ll kinds required to be borne by investors when subseril
for the securitis issued by the Fund

The aforementioned price of issue shall he free of taxes and subscription expenses fo the


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

IL9, Fees to be charged to Bond holders

Fees of registy in IBERCLEAR's Main Registr wil e charged to the Sociedad Gestora, it
vil be non ranserable and tre will ot be 2e in concepto! balance maintenance,

Funtcrmor, cntis participating n IBERCLEAR will be able to establish in accordance with
applicable law the fs and expenses transferable to the Bondholder as securtics management
fee which hey may they determine, notíying the Bank of Spain andior he CNMV as
supervising body.

110. Interest ol the Bonds
110. Nominal Interest

Interest payments fo the Bonds will be made, in relation to the rest of the payments of the
Fund, according to the priority order described in section V-4.2. of this Prospectas. Interes
for all clsscs will accrac on the basis OÍ interest accrual peiods (Interest Acerual
Periods”), he duration whercof will he the period between two consecutivo Payment Dates
(including the initial Payment Date and excluding th las. Th first Interest Accrual Period
will star on the Disbursement Date. December 9, 2004. (including that dat) and vil end
om he fs Payment Date, March 29, 2005 fexcludin that dae),

AI he Bonds issued will bear, from the Disbursement Date until their final maturty, a
Foating annual nominal interest rate, payable quarery. Said interest shall be payable
uartely in arears on cach Payment Date on the Outstanding Nominal Balance of cach
Bond.

Reference Interest Rate: The Reference Inerest Rate for the determination al the
applicable imeres ate for Abe Bonds of al Classes and Series will be the mont
EURIBOR, or a substitute 1 necessary, and will be determined as follows. EURIBOR 15 the
markets reference interes rate for the Euro.

Determination of the Reference Interest Rate for the Bonds: The determination of
EURIBOR will conform to thomas described in his section.

On cach Determination Date, the Sociedad Gestora will determine the Reference Interes
Rate cqual to the EURIBOR, as follows:

di) The tbrec-momh EURIBOR rate which appears on the REUTERS” screen, EURIBOR
page at 11:00 am CET. (Central European Time) of the Determination Date
"REUTERS" screen, EURIBOR- page” is the page that reflcis the contents of page.
EURIBOR= an thc REUTERS MONITOR MONEY RATES SERVICE (or any other
page ta might replace ¡tn is service)

(is) ln the absence ol the rates indicated in par (1) the average shall he hat of he dhrec=
monih EURIBOR rate which appears on "TELERATE” screen (PELERATE SPAIN,
S.A). page 248, (or any other page that might replace it in this service) at 11:00 am
CET. on he Determination Dat.


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

(li)In th absence of the rates indicated in paris (1) and () above, Ihe average of the
London ihrec-month intebank interest rates for Euro-denominated deposit operations
diclared, simultancousl, om the Determination Date by the following institutions. being.
requested simultancousy to all such entiis

= Banco Santander Cental Hispano (London office)
- JP Morgan Chase de Co. (London)

- Barclays Bank (London)
- Confederación Española de Cajas de Ahorros (London office)

In the event that one of he above instutions docs not supply quotes, the applicable
ate sball be the simple arithmetical average of th rates declred by ut least pwo of the
remaining institutions.

(iv) In the absence of rates according o the provision of (1), (), and (li), the Reference:
Interest Rate applicable fr the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. On the
firs Determination Date, in the event of non-publicstion of ihe Reference Interest Rate
in accordance with sections (1, 4) and (1), Uh interest rte, in accordance with section
Ki), published on the last Business Day on which said Reference Interest Rate should
have been published.

The Sociedad Gestora will keep lists of he contents of the REUTERS or TELERATES
screens, r as the case may be, he supplicd quotes of he institutions mentioned in par ii)
as document cvidencing the EURIBOR rate determined,

Determination Date of the Reference Interest Rate and the Interest Rate of the Bonds:
The Determination Date for he Reference Interest Rate for cach Interest Accrual Period
(hercinair, “Determination Date”) will be the second Business Day before the Payment
Daute (or he Disbursement Date in he case of the first Interest Accrual Period) which marks
the start of the corresponding Interest Accrual Period. For the fist Interest Acerual Period,
th Relerence Interest Rate shall he determincd on December 7, 2004,

Once the Reference Interest Rate for he Bonds has ben determined, and on the same.
Determination Date, the Sociedad Gestora will caculate and determine for cach Bond
Series h applicable interes rue for th following Inerest Accrual Period

Margn to be spplied to the Interest Rate for each one of the Bond Series Ala, BL, Cl,
Di, A2a, 82, C2 and DI:

The margin to be applied 10 th reference rat, determined as provided above, to calculate
the interes rate to be accrucd during cach interest period by the Bonds of cach Seres will
be

- Ala Bonds: 0.156

- BI Bonds: 037%

-Cl Bonds: 075%


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Iformamo dates Soon guano aná reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Span Secumes Manel Cormison, “CMNV) Novento 5,204
Tie Feito toma dated a Sram aos e on all omar arde deme aber anoto
crea Pa ey ol ete re rt o vr ee o,

-DI Bonds: 350%
- A2a Bonds: 0.16%
-82 Bonds: 045%
-C2 Bonds: 085%
-1D2 Bonds: 4.00%
Formula to calculate interest of the Bonds of Series Ala, B1, Cl, DI, 42,12, C2 and

2: Interest acerued by the Bonds o al Clases and Series for cach Interest Accrual Period
will be calculated by the Sociedad Gestora according to the following formula:

Where:

Ni > Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Bond at the beginning of the Interest Accrual
Period,

li Total amount of interest acerud by the Bond in the Interest Accrual Period.

vi Bond' interest rte on an annual basis, calculated as the sum of the EURIBOR
Relerence Rate ol th respective Interest Accrual Period plas the margin established,

ni numberof days in the Interest Acerual Period

Series Alb Bonds shall accruc during cach Interest Acerual Period an interest equal to the
sum of two amount:

6) Amount resulting form appiying to the Outstanding Nominal Balance of th
Series A1 Bonds, a the sar of hc Interest Accrual Period, an interest ae equal
to the sum of the Reference Interest Rat of the Bonds, plus a margin 10.21%,
applying the calculaion rules and formulac mentioned in the: foregoing
paragraph.

(io Plus te Payment 1O-1, as defined in section 112 ofhis Prospectas.

The item mentioned in section () for Series AIb shall be subject to segregtion as a fixed
income security issued separately (1O-1 Security), in the terms of section ILI2 of this
Prospecus. In ihe cvent that maturity of the 1O-1 Security should occur prior to that of the
Series Alb Bonds, as from that time the Series AIb Bonds will accrue ata rat equal to that
resulting from applying the rule se orthin section (1) above, Lc, the Reference Rate of the
Bonds, plus a margin o/ 0.21%

Series A2b Bonds shall accruc dering cach Interest Acerual Period an interest equal to the
sum of two amount:


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

6) Amount resulting form appiving to the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the
Series A2h Bonds, a the sta of he Interest Accrual Period, an interes rate equal
to the sum of the Reference Inerest Rate of hc Bonds, plus a margin ol 024%,
applying the calculaion rules and formulac mentioned in the: foregoing

paragraph

(io Plus te Payment 10-2, as defined in section

12 o his Prospecta.

The item mentioned in section (i) for Series A2b shall be subjec o segregation us a fixed
income security issued separately (102 Security), in the terms of section ILI2 of this

Prospectus. In the cvent that maturity o the 10-2 Security sh

1d occur prior to that of the

Series A2b Bonds, as from that time the Series A2b Bonds will acerue ata rat cqual to that
resulting from applying the rule se orth in section (1) above, Lc, the Reference Rate of the

Bonds, plus a margin o/ 0.24%

Example of interest calculatios for the Ala, Alb, B1, CL, DI, A2a, A2b, 82, C2 and!

D2 Bonds:
Ala Bond Aplicable e 2ama
DI Bord Applicable rte 21m
Aa Bond Aplicable 2ama
D2 Bond Applcable re Zona

EP

Ina acc 1 Bond ego 10000
Ine cc ya A Bond arpegios 100100



TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

Evolution of EURIBOR interes rates in past months: For information purposes only, following
ae 3-monh EURIBOR res appearing on the Reuters page EURIBOR= on the indicated dates

THREE MONTH EURIBOR (EURIBOR= Reuters page)

11102. — Dates, Place and Procedure for the Payment of Interest

Interest payments on Bonds of all Clases and Serie will be made quanerly on March 28,
June 28, September 28 and December 28 ol cvery year until the Bonds are completely
redecmed. In the event that one of such days is nota Business Day in he TARGET system,
interest forte quarter vil be paid on the following Business Day.

ln the event that, on a Payment Date, and despite de mechanisms set forth o protet the
rights of the Bond holders he Available Resources 1 andlor the Available Resources 2 of
ib Fund, as defined below, are nt suficient to meet alo! the payment obligatins ol the
Fand as specificd in section V42, of this Prospectus, he amount available for will be
distributed in accordance with thc oder of priority se fort in such section. In he event that
ie Available Resources 1 andior Available Resources 2 are only suficient to comply
partally with obligations with the same order of priority, the amount available will be
divided proportionately among the Bonds afíeted and amounis not reccived by Bond
holders on such date vil be payable on the following Payment Date in which such payment
is possible, without accruing addiional interest, In his regard, Payment 10-1 and Payment
102 shall be deemed interest on the Series AIb and. A2b Bonds, respectively, and the
amount allocatd shall be distributed between the Series Alb Bonds and the 1O-1 Securtcs,
(for Payment 1O-1), and between the Series A2b Bonds and 1O-2 Security, for Payment 1O-
2) proportionally the amounts received for such items

Witoldings, contributions and other taxes, as well as any taxes that muy be imposed in the
future on th capital, interest or return of the Bond will e the exclusive responsibility of
the Bond holders and such amounis will e deducied, as appropriate, by th designated
mty in th form legally established.

Payment will be made through the Financial Agent, and distributed through the
IBERCLEAR, or any oe eniy replacing land participating eli


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

IL11. Redemption of the Bonds

ILILA, Redemption Price

The redemption value of cach Bond will be one hundred thousand (100,000) Euro.
equivalent to lts nominal amount, free of expenses and taxes for he holder. to be paid
progressivly on evcry Payment Date as se forth in the followáng sections.

IL112. — Redemption of the Principal of the Class 1 Bonds.

IL112.. General rules for Redemption of the Principal of the Class 1 Bonds

Ammotnt to be Redeemed 1

On cach Payment Date, the Amount to be Redeemed 1 shall be equal to the lower
fte following amount:
(a) The posiive difference on said Payment Date Between the pending.
Outstanding Nominal Balance the Class 1 Bonds (prior o the redemption to
take place on said Payment Date) and the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the
Non<defauted Shares of he last day of the month prior to the Payment Dat; and
(0) The Available Resources 1 on said Payment Date, minus the amount
corresponding to he items described in sections (1) rough (vil) o secion V:42.
of Abs Prospecta.
The amount received from the recovery of Defaulted Mortgage Shures will be
added to the Available Resources 1
la no event will the Available Resources 2 from the Mongage Transfer
Cenilicaes be used o redecm th Class 1 Bonds, nor will the Available Resources
1 from Montage Shares be used o redcem th Class 2 Bonds.
Distribution of Amount to be Redeemed 1 among Class 1 Bonds
Redemption of Class 1 Bonds will take place pro rata among the Bonds of the
Series to be redeemed (in accordance wih the following), through a reduction ol
e nominal amount, until Said nominal amount ís complete, on cach Payment
Date, foran amount cqual Amount to he Redecmed Ls described in he foregoing.
Redemption of the Class 1 Bonds shall take place om a sequential basis
Redemption of Series Ala shall begin on the first Payment Dat, redemption of
“Alb Bonds vil begin once Ala Bonds have bcen fully redcemed. Redemption af
BI Bonds will begin once Ala and Alb Bonds have been Íally redecmed,
edemption of Cl Bonds will begin once 11 Bonds have been fully redcemed and
redemption of DI Bonds will begin once CI Bonds have been fully redeemed,
ave as provided in ho following sections.
Nowwithstanding the foregoing, Amount to be Redecmed 1 shall he distributed pro
rata amowng all Class 1 Bonds proportionally to the Oststanding Nominal Balance
Vf cach of he Bonds in he event that the following circumstances should occur on
a Payment Date

(6) The credit enhancement represeted by subordinated clases, 1, the

relationship between the Outstanding Nominal Balance of te Series

1


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

B1, Cl and DI Bonds, jinly, nd the Outstanding Nominal Balance:
df ll Clas 1 Bonds, represents double the relationship betwcen the
Outstanding Nominal Balance af th Seres B. CI and DI Bonds.
joinly, and the Outstanding Nominal Balance of all Clas 1 Bonds
on the Date of Incorporation of the Fund,
(i) The Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Mortgage Shares with a
defauk exceeding 90 days is less than 1.5% ol the Outstanding
Nominal Balance of sll Non-Defaulted Mortgage Share grospod in
Ae Fund,
(Gi) The Reserve Fund 1 covers th Minimum Level st forth in section
V.3.7 of his Prospecta: and
(iv) In event that hc Outstanding Nominal Balance oh Shares and
Cenilicaes is below 10% of the initial balance, the Sociedad Gestora
decides o perform carl lguidation ol th Fan
Añtr performance of the pro rata distribution between all Class 1 Bonds, on cach
applicable Payment Date, he applicable amount on such Payment Date to the
edemption ol the Series Ala and Alb Bonds shall be allocated solely to the
redemplion of the Ala Bonds until total redemption Ihercof. Consequenty,
distibuion of Amount to be Redeemed 1, in this case, muy emtil the
postponement of the beginning of redemption of the Series Alb Bonds, and
redemption ol such Bonds wosld begin subscquenty lo the begiming of
redemption of the Series B1.C1 and DI Bonds.

1L1122.  Exceptional redemption rules for the Series Ala and A1b Bonds

Exceptionally, if on a Payment Date, the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the
Morigago Shares with a default excccding 90 days excceds 6% of the Outstanding
Nominal Balance of all Mortgage Shares grouped in the Fund, the applicable
amownts according to the provision of poinis a) and (b) above shall be distributed
ro rata betwcen the Series Ala Bonds and the Series Alb Bonds. Pro mata
edemptio of Seres Ala and A1b shall continue provided that, on cach Payment
Date, the percentage of default mentioned above is at or above 6%; othervise.
edemptin of the Series Ala and Al Bonds shall continue to occur as described
inhe foregolng section

ILAL3. — Redemption of the Principal of the Class 2 Bonds.

ILA13.. General rules for Redemption of the Principal of the Class 2 Bonds

Ammownt to be Redeemed 2.
On cach Payment Date, the Amount to be Redeemed 2 shall be equal to the lower
fte following amount:

(a) The positive difference on said Payment Date between the Outstanding
Nominal Balance pending maturiy of the Class 2 Bonds (prior o the redempiion
to take place on said Payment Date) and the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the
Non-delaulcd Mongage Transfer Certficats on the last day af he month prior to
be Payment Dates and


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

(b) The Available Resources 2 on said Payment Date, minus the amount
corresponding to he items described in sections (1) rough (vil) o secion V:42.
fs Prospecta.

The amount received from the recovery of Defaulted Mortgage Shures will be
dodo the Available Resources 2.

la no event will the Available Resources 1 from the Mongage Transfer
Cenificaes be used o redecm th Class 2 Bonds, nor will the Available Resources
2 from Mortgage Shares be used o redccm the Class 1 Bonds.

Distribution of Amount to be Redeemed 2 among Class 2 Bonds
Resemption of Class 2 Bonds will take place pro rata among the Bonds of the
Series to be redeemed (in accordance wih the following), through a reduction ol
e nominal amount, until said nominal amount ís completed, on cach Payment
Date, for an amount cqual Amount to he Redecmed 2 as described in he foregoing.
Redempúion of the Class 2 Bonds shall take place om a sequential basis
Redemption of Serics A2a shall begin on the first Payment Date: redemption ol
-A2b Bonds vil begin once A2a Bonds have been fully redeemed. Redempiion of
182 Bonds will begin once A2b Bonds have been fllyredcemed, redemptiom of C2
Bonds vil begin once 11 Bonds have been fully redeemed and redemption of D2.
Bonds will begin once C2 Bonds have been fully redcemed, save as provided in
tc following sections.
Nowwithstanding the foregoing, Amount to be Redecmed 2 shall he distributed pro
rata amowng all Clas 2 Bonds proportionally to the Oststanding Nominal Balance
Vf cach of he Bonds in he event that the following circumstances should occur on
a Payment Date
(6) The credit enhancement represeted by subordinated classes, e. he
relationship betwcen the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Series
B2, C2 and D2 Bonds, joily, and the Outstanding Nominal Balance
df all Class 2 Bonds, represents double the relationship between the
Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Series B2, C2 and D2 Bonds,
jointly, and the Outstanding Nominal Balance of al Clas 2 Bonds on
the Date of Incorportion of the Fund,
(i) The Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Mortgage Shares with a
detsuk excecding 90 days ás less than 1.5% of Ihe Outstanding
Nominal Balance of all Non-Defaulted Mortgage Shares grouped in
te Fund,
(Gi) The Reserve Fund 2 covers he Minimum Level set forth in section
V.3.7 of his Prospecta: and
(0) Inte event that the Outstanding Nominal Balance of he Shares and
Cenilicaes is below 108 of the initial balance, the Sociedad Gestora
decides to perform carly liquidacion of the Fund,
“Añtr performance of the pro rata distribution between all Class 2 Bonds, on cach
applicable Payment Date, he applicable amount on such Payment Date to the
redemption ol the Series A2a and AZb Bonds shall be allocsted solely to the
redemption of the A2a Bonds until total redemption thercof. Consequently,
distibuion of Amount to be Redeemed 2, in this case, muy email the
postponement of the beginning of redemption of he Series A2b Bonds, and

a


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

redemption of such Bonds woskd begin subscquently to the begiming of
redemption of Series 12, C2 and D2 Bonds.

IL1132.  Exceptional redemption rules for the Series A2a and A2b Bonds

Exceptionally, if on a Payment Date, the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the
Morigage Shares with a default excccding 90 days excceds 79 of the Outstanding.
Nominal Balance of sll Mortgage Shares grouped in th Fund, thc Amount to be
Redecmed 2 shall b distributed pro rata between the Series A2a Bonds and the
Series A2b Bonds. Pro rata redemption of Series AZa and AZb shall continue
provided tha, on cach Payment Date, the percentage of default mentioned above is
at or above 7%; orherwise, redemplion of he Series A2a and A2b Bonds shall
úomtinae to occur as described in the foregoing sections

ILILA.  Maturity of the Bonds Issued

Redemption of he Bonds will take place on the date on shich they are fol
tb date of the Liquidation of he Fund.

The lat regular redemption date of the Mortgage Loans 1 included in the securitized
ponfolio will April 30, 2054.

The last regular redemption date of the Mortgage Loans 2 included in the securitized
ponfolio will be April 30, 2044.

ILILS, — Examples of Redemption of he Bonds Iscued

On June 28, 2005, an amount of principal ote Class 1 Bonds to be redecmed as described
in section IL112 of this Prospectus shall he redecmed, cqual to the pro rata distribution
“among cach Bond of the Available Resources 1 and always in accordance with the priority
orders fot in section V.42. his Prospects. Conseguently, the following reduction of
the nominal amount of every Class 1 Bond to be redeemed will take place; the amount will
be equal to the pro rata distribution among cach Bond of () the amount reccived by the
Selles since February 28, 2005 until May 31, 2005, as principal of the Non-Defaulted
Mongage Share, in accordance with the redemption program for the Mortgage Loans 1.
including ho Technical Advance corresponding to he Mortgage Shares received on said
Payment Date; plus (4) the amount reccived by the Sellers as Loun administrator, during
the same period, as pre-paid pricipal of the Mortgage Shares: plus (li) the Outstanding.
¡Nominal Balance of the Montgogo Shares declred Defuuled from during the same period,
This amount shall be the equivalent of hc amount described in section (a) of ILIL21. of
this Prospecta. This example has been given or the event that on such Payment Date there
should be enough Available Resources 1 hervie, it would be destine to the redemption
fte Clas 1 Bonds for an amount equal to section b) section 111.2. 0f this Prospectas.

Equally, on that same date an amownt of pricipal of the Class Bonds to be redcemed as
provided in section 111.3 will e redecmed, equal o the pro rata distribution among cach
ne of hem of the Available Resources 2, and always in accordance with the priority order
of payments set for in section V-42. of this Prospectus, Conseguently, the following.
reduction of the nominal of cach of the Bonds to be redecmed will take pla, in an amount
equal to the pro rata distribution among cach one of () the amount received by the Sellers,
from February 28, 2005 until May 31, 2005, us principal o the non-defaulted Cenilicates

2



TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

following the redemption schedule of the Morigage Loans 2, including the Technical
Advance comesponding lo the Mongage Transfer Cenúficaes reccived on the Payment
Date; plus (1) the amount received by the Sellers, as Loan administrator, during the same.
period for prepaid principal of the Mortgage Transier Certificates; plus (ii) the Outstanding.
Nominal Balance ol the Mongage Transfer Cetfiatesdeclared defaulted during th same.
period. This amount will be equivalen to hc amount described in section a) of 1L11.22. of
this Prospecta. This example hs been given or the event that on such Payment Date there
should be enough Available Resources 2: otherwise, it would be destine to the redempiion
the Class 2 Bond for an amount equal to section b) section 1.1 1.3. 0f this Prospectas.

Publicity regarding amounts to be paid and Entitics responsible for the Financial
Service of the Fund: Banco Santander Central Hispano, S.A. will act as the Paying Agent
The payment of interest and principal will be announced rough channels genorally
acecpted in the market such as the ALAF Bulletin or other similar channels, or in
newspapers which ensure the appropciste difusion of the information, on a timcly and
adequate basis. Additionally, the aforementioned notices muy be given through the
Sociedad Gestora's websie (www1da-sgfLcom)

Dates of Notice of payments to be made by the Fund on cach Payment Date will be
every: March 26, June 26, September 26, and December 26 of exery year until liquidation
of he Fund, or the Business Day immediately preceding them in case such dates are not
Business Days.

Periodic information to be provided by the Fund is described in section HI.

IL12. Segregation of the Series A1D and A2b Bonds (10-1 Security and 10-2 Security)

Part of th interes of the Series AJB and A2b Bonds, as described in section 1112 of this
Prospectus, shall be segregated on the Date of Incorporaion of the Fund into autonomous
fixed income securitics called 1O-1 Security and 0-2 Security

Security 10-1 shall compis five hundred and soventy two (572. securitis (equal to the
number of Series Alb Bonds) represented by book<ntrics, whose total subscription price
shall be two million four hundred and seventy six thousand five hundred and nino
(2:476,509.) Euro,

Each subscriber of the 10-1 Securities shall pay the Fund, on the Disbursement Dat, an
amount equal to four thousand trce hundred and tweny mine Euro twenty six cents
(4,329.26) Euro per 10-1 Security subscribed

Security 10-2 shall comprise four hundred and cighuy cight (488) securiis (equal to the
"number of Sertes A2b) Bonds) represented by book-entre, whose total subscription price
shall bo one million four hundred and fony six thousand foi hundred and cighty two
(1.446482.) Euro,

Each subscriber of the 10-2 Securities shall pay the Fund, on the Disbursement Dat, an
amount cqual to two thousand and nine hyndred and sixy four Euro ten cents (2964.10)
Eso per 10.2 Security subscribod.

On the Disbursement Date, the subscription price of 1O-1 Security and 1O-2 Security shall
bs allocated by the Sociedad Gestora o:

»


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Iformamo dates Soon guano aná reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Span Secumes Manel Cormison, “CMNV) Novento 5,204
Tie Feito toma dated a Sram aos e on all omar arde deme aber anoto
crea Pa ey ol ete re rt o vr ee o,

- Partially finance Reserve Fund 1, as states on section V.377 (1) o his Prospectas
Partially finance Reserve Fund 2, as states on section V.37 () of this Prospectus

Payment of par of te initial expenses of the Fund corresponding to Class 1 Bonds

The Sociedad Gestora will request thcr admission to li
same terms as the remuining Securiis issued by the Fund,

ing in AJAF separately and in the

Each Payment Date, and until muturity of he 1O-1 Security, the notional amount of 1O-1
Security shall be equal to the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Series A1b Bonds.
Matury of the 1O-1 Security shall take place on the maturity date of the Class A1b Bonds,
or, later than December 28, 2007, this last date

On cach Payment Date, and until maturity of he 1O-2 Security, the notional amount of 10-2
Security shall be equal to the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Series AZb Bonds.
Maturiy of the 10-2 Security shall take place on the maturity date ol the Class A2b Bonds,
or, later than December 28, 2006, this last date

Maturty of the 1O-1 Security and 10-2 Security shall not ente one to any payment other
iban as derived from th foregoing paragraph

Security 1O-1 exclusively emite lis holder to collet, on cach Payment Date and until
maturtythercol, an amount equal to 1.5% calculated over lis mosional amount, which shall
bs equal to the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Seres A1b) Bonds, called Payment 1O-
1. Payment 1O-1 shall b govemed by the sume rules relating to priority order ol payments
than the Series Alb Bonds, as descrbod in section V-k of his Prospectus

Security 10-2 exclusively eniled lis holder to collet, on cach Payment Date and until
maturtythercol, an amount equal to 1.5% calculated over lis mosional amount, which shall
bs equal to the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Seres A2) Bonds, called Payment 1O-
2. Payment 10-2 shall be govemed by th same males relaing to priority order of payments
ham the Series A2b Bonds, as descrbod in section V-k of his Prospectus

On cach Payment Date, both Payment
to he following formula:

and Payment 10-2 shall be calculated according

pon

360
Where:
Pi is Payment10-1 or Payment 102

Ni is te nosinal amount of Security IO-1 (Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Series
Alb Bonds); or the nosional amount of Security 1O-2 (Outstanding Nominal Balance
of he Series A2b Bonds). both of hem at the start of he relevant Interest Acerual
Period

si is, 1.5% both or Security 0-1 and for Security 102

On the fist Payment Date, both Payment 10-1 and Payment 10-2 shall be calculated
sccording o he following formal


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Iformamo dates Soon guano aná reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Span Secumes Manel Cormison, “CMNV) Novento 5,204
Tie Feito toma dated a Sram aos e on all omar arde deme aber anoto
crea Pa ey ol ete re rt o vr ee o,

300

Where:
Pi is Payment10-1 or Payment 102

Ni is te notional amount of Security IO-1 (Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Series
All Bonds) or the nosional amount of Security 1O-2 (Oustanding Nominal Balance
of he Series A2b Bonds): both of hem at the start of he relevant Interest Acerual
Period

Fi is, 159% both or Security 1O-

and for Security 10-2
1 isthe number of days in the fest Interes Accrual Period

Payment 10-1 and Payment 10-2 do not involve any breakdow ito prncipal and interes
The financial flows from Payment 1O-1 are directly linked, trough the notional amount to
the redemption of he Seres Alb Bonds, and (li) 0 the date of maturty of Security 1O.
The financial flows from Payment 10-2 are directly linked, trough the notional amount, to
the redemption o hc Series A2b Bonds, and il) to the date of maturty of Security 102

¡Security 1O-1 and Security 10-2 do not emi their holders to recover the subscription price,
but only the sight to collect, until maturty thecol, Payment 10-1 and Payment 10.
respectively, always subject 10 the Priority Payment Order described in section V-4 of this
Prospectus.

Default interest: In he event of non-payment to the holders of Payment 1O-1 andlor
Payment 1O-2, matured amounts which they should have filed to recive shall not accrue
any default meros

The Sociedad Gestora, on cach Payment Date, hall calculate Payment 10-1 and Payment
102, and shall order t o be paid to the holders ol Security 1O-1 and Security 10.
respectively, through the Financial Agent

1L13. Financial Service of the Fund!

The financial service of he Bonds wil be cfected through Banco Santander Central Hispano.
S.A, insttunion appoimed as Financial Agent by vinue of the Financial Service Agreement
entered ito by Banco Santander Central Hispano, SA. and the Sociedad Gestora on behalf of
the Fund, according to which all payments 1o be made o holders of he Securtic by the Fund
vil be made throwh he Financial Agent. The relevant holders will be notifcd af payments of
bh principal and interes for tbc Bonds, Payment 1O-1 and Payment 0-2, in accordance with
and vin Abe time spocfid in section 1.15. this Prospects.

The Average Life of the Bonds for diferent Rates of Prepuyment (CPR), assuming the
ypothesesdescrbod in soction V.1. o is Prospecta, would be he following:


tecno sal av yl efe rs rte on

TRE EEE EEE TR ANEP ra date Sar pate
"Comión Nacion dl Moca 0 Vales" no Span Secunes Manel Cormison.
Tie Feito toma dated a Sram aos e on all omar arde deme aber anoto

"CAM Noventa 5,204

Data relating to Seres All and A2b Bonds ar calculated ltr egregaion of Securiy 10-1

and Security 102, respectively.

"he Average Life oftbe Bonds has ben calculated sing the following formula:

Yan)

AS Average Lie exprese in years
Principal o be edecmed on cach Payment Date
Months between the Disbursemen Date and cach Payment Date
1... n- Number of quaers (Payment Dates) in which he, amounts ville paid
Total Amount oftbeisue in Euro

Duration of the Bonds: The concept of duran, when applied to a fixedincome Bond.
ccording to Macaulay's commonly used definition, ls a measure of the enstiviy of the value
fe aser in relation to hc change ol am index representative of ickd observed in the market.
In shon, the duration ds a measure of the ik of change in the value of the Bond as a

2



TRE EEE EEE TR ANEP ra date Sar pate
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Span Secumes Manel Cormison, “CMNV) Novento 5,204
Tie Feito toma dated a Sram aos e on all omar arde deme aber anoto
crea Pa ey ol ete re rt o vr ee o,

consequencs of the change in the yikd of ts market references. Therefore, this risk measure
has a difcrot interpretation for loating rate bonds and five ate bonds.

JE we consider hc Bonds (Ala, Alb, BL, CI, DI, A2a, A2, 82, C2 and DO) issued by the
Fund TDA 22- MIXTO are considered as fisedate secu for the entire lle of he Bond.
wi a quanery conpon ndicatod in the following table, the duratons resulting from the
application of the modified Macaulay formula, shown in years, coresponding to portolio
prepaymment ate af SS, 10% y 150 would e:

Duration the Bonds (modiied Macaulay formula)

Fr. va,)
TE)

Wire:
D= Modified duration o he onde shown in cars

Pa Yesrsbetwcen the Disbarsement Date and cub Payment Date

VA,= Present Valuc of cah of the amonnts hat investos vil rccive quarter, principal ad
interest, discounted annual at he rte of rtum ol he Bond (Yield)

PES. Price of the Isue, 100,000 Esro
1 Bond Yield (Esfective Anual Interest Rate)

¡Neverthles, in relation with duration, it must be taken int account that the Ala, A1b, BI, CL,
Di, A2a, A2b, 182, C2 and D2 Bonds issued by th Fund TDA 22-MIXTO are Noating: ae the
consequences whereo! ar explined below.

Darin the periods between interes rate review date, the market pric of Moating-ate Bond
will vay df muket interest rates change. Neverieles, ts price always approtimates par on a

2


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

review date, as, on that date, the cost of holding the Bond may be financed under murket
conditions similar, with respect to the Bond, 1 those al the purchase dat. Nevertheles, the
price may not equal par on such a dat if cerain condiins and characteristics (muket
reference, applicable margin, review period, average life of the Bond, fina redempúion of the
Bond, ct) at tha moment are valucd different by the market (beter or worse) than the
available investment altemativs, With tus exception, however, t can be assumed that the
price of a osting interest ot Bond is par on ts interest ate evicw dates.

As a consequence of the above, he duraion of  Mosting:-ate Bond must behave in a manner
similar to a fivedate zerooupon Bond with maturiy on dh samo date s diners rate
review date of the Mosting-rt Bond, Therefore, on a given dt the approximute duration of
Ala, A1b,B1, Cl. DI. A2a, A2b,B2,C2 and D? Bonds, wilh a review period of tres months,
an be assumed to be ho remaining crm umi he next interest rato seviw.

The valuc for dustion mentioned in te above paragraph st seul of he applcain of the
concept defined by Macaulay, but taking into consideation that changes in market interest
rates vel modiy the flow ol Bond payments (in favour of the Bondholder) which docs not
seur th ase ol ed ate Bonds.

The prepayment risk of the Bond, that is, he uncertin nature o he amount redeemed on cach
date of payment, will afíct d duraion of the Bond ina very diferent mamer depending on.
who lts intros at s fixed or fosting. While the efect is very important in the case ola
fised-rate Bond, in which case the duration is highly dependent on th average lie of the Bond.
its notas important in th cae of a floating-rate Bond, since in his ase the duration docs not
depend on the average He of the Bond but rather on the remaining tem untl the next
modification of th interes rate

The Duration of Security 1O-1 and Security 1O-2 shall be calculated in accordance with the
formula provided in the foregoing paragraph whose terms shall have the following meaning:

D= Duration of Security 1O-1 and Securiy 1O-2 express in years

Years clapscd between the Disbusement Date and cach Payment Date

Present Valuc f ach of quanerly Payments 1O-1 aná Payments 10-2,anmually
discounted a effect yield (ceci annual interest rate)

PES Subscription price for Security 10-1 or Security 102.

le Efectivo pil (efetive annual interest rte)

And depending on he Prepayment Rates, which arcas folows:



TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

1.14, Net Elctive Interest Rate for the holder, taking into account the characteristics of the
issue, specifying he calculation method used, expenses accounted for pursuant to items
suitable to the mature thereof

The calculaion af he yild of the Bonds for the Holder must take into sccownt ho purchase
date and price of the Bond, the quareely payment of the coupon and the redemplion payments,
bh in accordance vic expected schedule and prepa.

The ick for the holder af Security 1O-1 or Security 1O-2, mus take into account ts purchase
dit and purchase price, and Payment 0-1 or Payment 10.2, respectively.

As an example, on th Disbursement Date, under th following ascumpions:

- Nominal interest rate for the Bonds listed in the following table, held constant
fort ie of the Fund and pad quarrly in arars

= A priceof cach Bond of 100% for Ala, BI, CI, DI, A2a,B2,C2 and DO Bonds

- For Alb and A2b Bonds, alculations have been made after segregaion of
Secury 10-1 and Security 10-2, respectively, taking imo account Aba in
espect ol the Alb Bonds (1) he applicable margin is 0.215% and (1) the Al
Bond subsciber has only disburscd the nominal amount of he bond, as the
ubscrber af Socunty 1O-1 has disbursod the difference betcen such nominal
“amount and the subscription price on the Disbursement Date in respect of ho
“A Bonds () the applicable margin 0,25% and (i) he A2b Bond subscribe
has only disbursed the nominal amount of Abe bond, as Ahe subscriber of
Secury 102 has disbursed the difirence between such nominal amount and
te subicipion price on he Disbursement Date

- And using the thcoreicl redemption table fr the Bonds, nd the thoreical
Payment 10-1 and Payment 10-2 includod in bis same chapter derived from the

application to the loan portfolio of he hypolless af cariy redemption (10%
consta)

The resulting yicldsfortho holder o cuch Security would be the following:

“Data rlating to th Sorcs Alb and AZb Bonds ae calculated ate segregation Security 1O-
and Security 102, respectively

»


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Iformamo dates Soon guano aná reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Span Secumes Manel Cormison, “CMNV) Novento 5,204
Tie Feito toma dated a Sram aos e on all omar arde deme aber anoto
crea Pa ey ol ete re rt o vr ee o,

The formula used forthecalculaion th following:

Were

100.000 Eso, th nominal amount af he Bond o, as the case may be. the subscription
price of Security 1O-L or Securiy 10-2

1 Vieldexpresed san anal at, in frctons.

dí > Days between th Disburscment Date and cach Payment Date

a cn Teal ies ad pci as 1 he recia by e ies om a
«uarery bas

m=  1,......l Number periods during which dc amounts a, wil be pai

IMPORTANT NOTE FOR THE INVESTOR.

Tas information in he following tables is provided for information purposes only and the stated
amour de nat represent paricular payment obligaios by the Fund to third patics n the dates or
periods to which they refe, The Data have been calculated on he basis of assumed constant rates of
“fault and prepayment; these rats would be expected to vary continuousiy during the fe ol th.
Fund, which in reality are subject to comiucus change throughout he life of Fund. Therefore, any
investor who wishes to know the expected payment schedule on a paticular dt should request he
úperincat information from the insluson_suhonsed to distibuls 4 the Sociedad Gestora, ALAF
market and the CNMV. Notwitbtanding the oregoing, his information is also availabl tough he
Underwrtes and others active in the secondary market. As stated in soction HIS. of this Prospects,
th Sociedad Gestora undenakes to make ts information avallabl to the general public

EVENTS OF THE REDEMPTION FLOWS OF THE BONDS

Tas events of redempion provided when drítng the following tables are derived from an cvoaon of
ib Shuars and Certlictes poro which would no reach he default less ct for in sections
IL112.1. and ILIL22, for Shres and sections IL13.1 and LIL, for Cenificates, so ta
redemptionflows af the Bonds rele hc applicaon, of the ale st forih in section ILI1-21 for
Shares, ad de application of he fue et ori section IL113.. or Cemificaes

30


























TR prospecue 5 ranslaros io Ena ale oranal Falo Irornalvo” dad Spanish lnauage and register a
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

1L15. Elfective Interest Rate Expected for the Fund

The cilecive interest at has boen calculated employing the same formula used for the
caculaion of he yield for th holders ol the Secuits adding the initial and regula costs of
the Fund to the flow of payments which the Fund makes to he holders of the Securitic,in
sccondance with information contained in th able in soction V.1.f is Prospectas.

The Fund sal bear, as incospoation expenses, Fes of the Underwitrs for the Bond Issue,
which shall amownt to 667.300 aro.

The Sociedad Gestora vil pay on ts own account the following expenses derived rom the
Constitution of the Fund: Fees to he CNMV, admission ces to the ALAF Market,
IBERCLEAR fees, fccs ol ihe Rating Agency, notary public, legal advisor ces, publiciy and
printing expenses and expenses derived from the audit ol the mortgage loans. Fes ol the
CNMV shall amount to 54285.62 Euro.

Exgpenses resulting from the iquidsion of Ue Fund will also be charged to he Fund.

The efecio interest rat expected for the Fund, under th hypolheses stated in section V.1.L
and with an asume COR 10% vil be 26284.

116. Special Guarantees on the Mortgage Sharos and the Mortgage Transfer Certificates

The cntis taking par in the transaction do not grant special guarancos on the Shares and
Certificates included in the Fund nor on the securiis isucd, except he commiment of the
Sellers to procced to the replacement, orto 1 repayment in cash of both the outstanding
copita of the relevant Share andíorCerúfiate and ol interest ccrued and umpaid up to the date
ihrcoL, and of any other amount corresponding 1o dh Fund in respec of he Share ando
Certificate, by paying lt ito the Treasury Account, ¡replacement is not possbl, of he Shares
and Certificates which, subequenty 10 he Incoporation Date, are determined not to have met
on the Incoporation Date, th requirements mentioned in Chapter EV of this Prospectus. The
termas of is commitment are described in section IV. 0 ls Prospecta

m7.

culation o the Securities

The Bonds can be feely transerrd by any legal means. Accounting transfer shall transmite
vále of cach Bond, Tile to cach Bond shall be transfecd by accouming traste, The
registration in th accounting register ol the transfer in favour of the ayer shal bo deemed to
have the same efect as he delivery of te tie and, fom that moment such transfer will be
effcctive viscvis third parts. ln this regard, be pay that may acquir for considera the
Bonds represented as book cnircs from a person dat, us regard the cnrcs in he accounts
registry, appears to be lawdully ee to transfer hem, shall not be subjet o any sort of
recovery claim. unles such party acted in bad fsb or wi gross negligence at he time of
scquision.

IL18. Admission to Listing of the issued securitics

The Sociedad Gestora will, immediately following the Disbursement Date, request he listing.
fe issue in AJAF. The listing of ho issue in ALAF is expected to be completed in the 30

a


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

days following the Disbursement Date, once the necessary auorisaions have been granted.
The Sociedad Gestora hereby declaes that it is aware of ho requirements and conditions
oquined for the admision, permanence and excluion of socuics in the ALAF fixed income
market in accordance with aplicable law; nd the Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the Fund.
Accept o compl with them.

In the event of a delay in compliance wi the aforementioned period of admission to listing of
the Socuntics isucd by th Fund, the Sociedad Gestora underakes o give prompt notice
then! to he holders o th Securtics and to the CNMV, and o both 1easonsvby the delay
occurred and the expected new date of the admission of he Bonds 1 listing; without prejudice
10 he possible lali f the Sociedad Gestora f ho defaults atributabl o

Funhermor, tbe Sociedad Gestora vil request the inclusion of the isucd Securities in
IBERCLEAR, or any or enity replacing 1, so that setlement and clearanc hereof is
efecto in accordance with th rules of operation curentiy in force or approved n th futare
by the IBERCLEAR, for securitics admited to listing in ALAF, and represented as hook

IL. Applications to Subscribe or Purchase Securities
119.1. — Potential Investors

As a result of the principal characteristics of the issu, nominal amount and is placement
distribution and marketing system, the placement of the issue s addressed o institutional
imvestors. The Sellers expect to underwrie and subscribe as investors, a percentage of the
Securities issued by the Fund.

Once the issue has ben cntirly placed and the Bonds are listed in the organised ALAF
Market the purchase ol thc Bonds vall b possible through this market, in accordance wit
its usual practices

Etects of the Subscription for the holders of issued Securitics: The subscription for the
Bonds implie acceptance by cach holder of the tcrms of the Decd of Incorporation and this
Prospectus.

IL192. — Legal Consideration of the Securitis to be Essued

The Bonds issued by the Fund have the following legal consideration for he purpose of
subscription by certain investors:

(din accordance with Royal Decre 2345/1996, ol November 8”, and he Bank ol
Spain circalar af November 27%, 1998, Sociedades de Garantía Recíproca can
purchase them:

di) in accordance wi Royal Decree 2486/1998, o November 20”, he Secure o be
issued by he and ca he purchased by underwrig ist in compliance with
lic oBligatons technical provision:

“


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

(ii) in accordance with Royal Decree 304/2004, of February 20%, approving the
Reglamento de Planes y Fondos de Pensiones, the Securits are suitable for
purchase by Pension Funds;

(1) and in accordance with Royal Decree 1393/1990, of November 2" the Securities
may be purchased by Instituciones de Inversión Colectiva vih he limitations set
ul by the specific rales o cach type of and

ILI93, — Subscription Period.

The subscription period shall commence on the Business Day prior to the Disbursement
Date (December B. 2004) at 10:00 am and end on the Disbursement Date (December .
2004) at 10:00 am.

IL194, — Subscription Applications and processing

The Underwrtrs, in accordance with the nature of he issue and the common practice of
these markets, will place the underuriten bonds frecly, in accordance wilh the
Underwiting Ágroement between the Sociedad Gestora and th Underwritrs: they vil in
any exent ensure that no discrimintory treatment occurs among applications with similar
haractrisics, nevenhelss,ihe underwrling entities will be enttcd to grant priontics to
those applications from thcir clients hey consider convenient

11195. — Formand Date of Disbursement

On th Disbursement Date, cach Underwriter will pay to the account of he Fund at the
Banco Santander Central Hispano, SA., value that day, the amount due in respect of the
Bonds it has undenwrite. The Placement Director will urge the Underwriter to comply
vi such commitment

Investors who have been alloted the Securitics must pay the Underwrters, prior o 10:00
am (Madrid time) on the Disbursement Date value that day, he corresponding issue price
foreach Security allsed.

The Disbursement Dat will be December, 2004.
IL19.6. — Form and Terms of Delivery to the Subscribers of the Subscription Bulletins

The subscribcrs of the Securities may request a writen veification of the transfer of
wnership ol the Securtics subscribed from tho Underwritr through which they have mad.
tb purchase, without prejudice to the fact Ahat he ownership af Ahe Sccuntics will be
registerd in the accounting register of he Securities as the Securities are represented in
bool<muy form.

1120. Placement and Allotment of the Securities

11201. — Placement Entities and Underwriters

45


E EEE EEE TR ARNET FA rar date Sar a pe
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

"The cnttics included in ts table have underaken with the Sociedad Gestora to subscribe,
directly or indirely on behalf of others, the entire Bond Issue with charge to the Fund, in
tb terms et foth in the Band Subscription and Underwriting Agreement

EEE O | 2200
EN Banco — 750 1500000
Ca Tama so ono 6 a
Mee 120 2000000
Carcasa o Zo

Cad oa

E Zoo

Cs Zoo

Dean Zoo

TOTAL 2178 200400 572 5720046 gano a a

esc 970 | GOO AIR OE LAO pa

Co amada 3 no

Ca Teo | 129 SONO 00 7 OS

Cain | 30 SID 20 24 OO 2 TORO O

HOTAL 1689 168900000488 ARs00a00 16 O 0 RO ST So
ea See 5 ne cs perra
orar, 5 mes as [ETA

11202. Placement

or

Placement Director: Bear, Stears International Limited. Please find below a reproduction
of the signed declarmon by the persons with suficint representan, including the
required regulaoryrepresentaions:

'D, Michel Pérti, in the name and on behalf of Bear, Stearns International Limited, with
registerd affies at One Canada Square, London El4 SAD. is duly empowered for such
purposes, and in relation to he incorportion of ihe Fund TDA 22. MIXTO, Fondo de
"Tualización de Activos, and the issue ol ecuriis, fo an amount of five hundred and hiry
million (530.000.000. Euro, and in accordance with article 20 of Royal Deerec 291/1992,
of March 271h, regarding issues and public offers of securitic, in is current wording.
hereby

DECLARES

"hat all necessary verfiations to contrast the veracty and imegrty af ho information
contained in the Prospectus have ben made.

46


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

That, as u result of such verification, there are no crcumstances that contradict or alter the
information et forh in th Prospectus, and that aid information does not omi any facts or
significa data tha may be af relevanco to the investo.

That this declaration docs not include or efe to he date subject of he audi report included
in his Pospectus, in espect of the selected mortgage loans.

“And, in witnes whereof his certificate is issued in London, on November 29, 2004".

Placement codirector: EBN Banco de Negocios, SA. Please find below reproduction of
tb signed declaation by the persons with suficientrepresentation, including th required
regulatory epresentaions

D. Luis Vereterra Gutiémez-Matarana and D. Josó María Rodríguez-Noval, in the name
and on behalf of EBN Banco de Negocios, S.A.. wih registered offices at Calle Almagro
6, is duly empowered for such purposes, and in relation to the incorporation of he Fund!
TDA 22-MIXTO, Fondo de Titulización de Activos, and the issue of securitic, for am
amount of five hundred and thiy million (530.000.000. Euro, and in accordance with
ticie 20 of Royal Decroc 291/1992, of March 24h, regarding isucs and public offers of
securitics, ins current wording, hercby

DECLARES

That all the necessary verifications to contrast the veracity and integrisy of the information
contained in the Prospectus have ben made.

That, as a result of such verifications, there are no circumstances that contradict or alter the
information et forh in the Prospectus, and that aid information docs not omi any fats or
significant data tha may be af relevanco to the investo.

That this declaration does mot include or efe to he data subject of he audi report included
in his Pospectus, in espect of the selected mortgage loans.

“And, in witnes whereof his ceúficae is issued in Madrid, on November 29, 2004.

11203, — Underwriting of he Issue

The Sociedad Gestora will entr into a Subscription and Undervriing Agreement whereby
the underwrtes shall underake to subscribe or to procure, under their responsibility.
subseribers for the Securities, in he amounts mentioned in section IL 20.1 above, and cah
ot the instituions shall e, therefore, responsible for the amount respectively undenwritten
The placement of the Sccuritics will be carried out roughout he Subscription Period. Each
Underarier will make such placement and the allocation underwriten under the
Subscription and Undenviting Agreement, frely, avoiding discriminatory. treatment
betncen applications with similar characterisics; nevenheless, the Underwétes may grant
prioriisto those splicaions they consider convenient

Absence o confirmation prior o the beginning of the Subscription Period of e provisional
ratings awarded to the Securitic by the Rating Agency vil constitute sufficien! ground to
cancel the incorporation of ho Fund, the Agreements of the Fund and the Íssue af the
Securities.

a


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

On the Disbursement Date, prior to 11:00 am (Madrid time), cach Underwriter will
discharge the subscription obligations undenskn thcreby by means of payment of the
corresponding amount due to the account ol the Fund at the Banco Santander Central
Hispano, SA. value that day.

As a considertio for the obligations undentaken by the underveters, hey will seccive am
vnderwriting and placement fee, which s included in the initial expenses of the Fund. Each
ol the Underwrier of the Securitics shall occive the fs st fort for cach Security in the
following tabl, to be applicd to the nominal amount underwriten thereby, all of which
pursuant lo the Underwiling Agreement

The underwriting fee for Security 1O-1 and Security 10-2 shall be applied to their notional
amount, which as ol he Incorporation Date, sal! amount to 100.000 Euro per security

The undenvriers" fees amount to 667.800 Euro.

11204. — Pro Rata Allocation
Not applicable.

121. Form and deadline for the First Registration and allocation of Register References

The Securities isued by the Fund, represented as book entries, wl! he consituted as such
pursuant to their registration in the conesponding accounting register, in accondance with
Royal Decree 116/1992, and als, folowing the usual procedures and terms of the entity
charged with he stlement and clcrance of he Securities, IBERCLEAR, or any ber entity
seplacing

1122. Applicable Spas

Law and Competent Courts in Case of Legal Proceedings

TDA 22:MIXTO, Fondo de Titlización de Activos” is incomporsted pursuant to Royal
Decree 926/1998, The Fund TDA 22-MIXTO is regulated in accordance wi (1) he presen
Issue Prospects;() the Deed o Incorpoatio of he Fund, (ii) Royal Decres 9261998 and
any subsequen regulations, (1) Law 19/1992, of July 7" regarding aspets not regulated by
Royal Decree 926/198 when applicable (+) Law 24/1998, , in ts current wonding, regarding,
supervision, inspection and sanctining and (vi) any or legal disposiion applicable from
time to time. Any dispute related to hc Fund which may arise during ls operation or at the
time of ts liquidacion. acer between the Bond holders or bctwcen them and the Socidad

ES


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

Gestora, will be subject to the juriiction of the Spanish Cours, the partos having walved any.
¿lb jurisiction to which ty may be emi.

ion on the Returns Derived from the Bonds

A bic extract of ts applicable fiscal regime for investment derived from th presen oe
provided, o which elect only the current sttelegisaion and the general aspects which could
foot Uh investors must be faken int account: ib investors must consider ll tir possible
special tax circumstances and th rules of appicaon of th temor, together vit th current
Jegisaion at the moment of subscription and the relevant ta retums. Investors must also take
into account the requirements derived from the application of Council Diretive 2003/48/EC,
June 3,2003, regarding taxtion of returns on savings in the form of interes payments and.
in particular, information obigaions st frth in Royal Decree 1778/2004, July 30.

The proviions of he Prospectus origine from the assumption at al securitis issued shall
be considered financial asets with explicit retuns, including Securities 1O-1 and 10-2, based
on te existence a a reply from the Dirección General de Tributos, dated November 3, 2003,
formalated by th same Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Titulización which has incorporated
the Find isuing the securies consituing th subject mate o this prospects,relating to an
issue of similar fstures to he one a hand, wherfone such critrin vas express,

Nowwithstanding dh forcgoing, in the absence of specific regulations and considering that the
tax treatment of Securities 10-1 and 10-2 best adjustd o curent applicable Law would be that
o financial ascts wi implct eturs, a tax consultaion has been submilcd before the
Dirección General de Tributos in espect o he present issue, whose eply shall e forwarded to
th CNMV fora suitable disclosar herol

2). Individuals or Corporations Resident in Spain

1. Impuesto sobre la Renta delas Personas Físicas

The returns obtained by holders of Securtic subje a taxpayer, to the Impuesto Sobre la
Renta de las Personas Físicas, in relation to interest and also lo the transfer, refund or
redemption of such interest (from securiis purchased in secondary markets), shall be
considered as income on investments rising from the assignment of personal capital to third
paros s described in aniclo 232. of Royal Legiiaiwe Decreo,3/2004, of March S,approving,
the consoldated text of he Law am th Impuesto Sobre la Renta de ls Personas Físicas

In e event of traste, redemption or reimbusctment, retums shall bo calculated by the
difference between th disposal amount, deducting expenses inhrentthecto. and te cost ol
cquision, increased by expenses inherent ihereto, Said retum shall be applicd a 40%
deducion ts gencraion penod cxccods two years. Maturity of Securiics 0-1 amd 0-2 shall
give ns to a negative return for he amount of he subscription, or s the case may be, cost of
cquison there in the market, as they shall not eno thcir holders 1o any reimbursement
vobatsocver.

Nowwitbstanding the foreging, negative returns derived from the transfer of the Securities,
when Ae tanpayer should have acquired other similar financial acts in he two months prior
or subsequent to said transfers shall only be included in the taxable base o he extent that any
Financial assts which remuin in th taxpayer' estate ae transfemed.

sw


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

The aforesid incomes will e subject to withholding on account of the IRPF os beneficiar
in accordance wi Royal Decree 171/2004, of July 30 y which the Rules of th Impuesto
sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas 8 approsed with regards to wviibolding and prepand ta.
With regard to the Reglamento, te following mus be noted

- Esqui capital income derived from the transfer to Abr purtics af private capital, ar
applying the relevar deductins is subject in general 154 wibolding rte

- Nevertheless there is mo obligation to willhold he income derived from hc transfer or
fund of th financial asets wit an explicit income that comply, among others, with
Abe following requirements as set fomi this issue:

1. They mus be represented as book entris.

2. They must be negotiatedin a Spanish oficial secondary market

- The portion of the price, cquivalent to interest accrucd in the sale of financial asscts
underaken vii the 30 days immediately prior 1 the maturiy of he coupon will be

Subject to witholding in e following circumstances:

11. The purchaser is a nosesdent person or eniy in Spa ori not affected by the Impuesto
de Sociedades.

2" The income derived explicily from th securiis traníered is cxempt from the obligaion
lo wit n relation wit he purchaser

12. Impuesto sobre Sociedades
Income from the Secar obtained by entitis ubico o the Impuesto Sobre Sociedades will

apply he ax base of said tax st fombh by TileIV ol the Royal Legislativo Decrec 4/2004, of
Mah 5. appeovin th consolidatd ext e Law om th Impuesto Sobre Sociedades

Adorementioned income vil he subject to a withholding of the Impuesto sobre Sociedades of
lts percciver, in accordance wih Chapter 2 f Tale VI o Royal Decree 1775/2004, f July 30,
by which the Regulations of Uh Impuesto sobre Sociedades are approved, These Regulations
“mong others, establish ta income from financia acts will be excluded from wilholding.
when they comply vit ti following —as is established in Abs ssuc- and in sccondance with
the procedure established by ho Ministerial Order of December 22, 1999 (BOE ol 29/1299):

1. They mus be represented as book entris.
2. They must be negotiatedin a Spanish oficial secondary market
»).Individuals or Corporations Not Resident in Spain

Income obtained by holders af socuritics subjee, us taspayrs, Lo th Impuesto sobre la Renta
de no Residents, both fr interes and also for transfer, refund or edemption of such interest
will be considered income obtained in Spain, with or wihout permanent establishment, in
accordance wiih anicle 13 of Royal Legislaive Decree S/204, of March 5, approving the
consalidated text ol the Law on the Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residents y Normas
Tribatacias

50


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

1. Income obtained rough permanent establishment

Securios" yields obtained through a permanent cstblihmot in Spain will axod in
accondance with the rales of Chapter HI of he aforementoned Royal Legislativo Docrec
572004, without prejuice to the provisions of he Trestics signed with Spain for he avodance.
of double taxon, which can determine th exemptin of the comesponding income o the
application f reduced rates Such income wil be subject o withholding of th Impuesto sobre
la Renta de no Residentes n th same situations and conditions as mentioned for taspayees
subject he Spanish Impuesto sobre Sociedades

2. Income obtained wilhost permanent establishment

For ho purposes of appiying the regulations ct fort in this section, residence for tax purposes
shall be cvidenced by the relevant ta residence crtiicate or form required by the Convention
for the Avoidance of Double Taxaion entered into by Sun and ie investos county of
residence. Sid certificate must be issued by said country's tx amor.

Bond income obtained by persons or entiis not resident in Spain and which function, for such
purposes, without permanent cstablishmnt, will be taxcd in accondance wilh the rules of
Chapter IV of Royal Legisitive Decree 5/2004, whercof the following can be highlight.
vist prejudice to 1h Treaics for th avoidance ol double taxationcxccuted by Spain, which.
may determine exempúion ol be corresponding income or he spplcation al redaced rates:

- be tax base vil be applied to the total amount of Ahe income obtained, calculated in
ccordance with the rules of Royal Legisative Decree 32004, ln this case, reductions st for
by said Law will not be applicable, for which purpose please not tal Ibe administrativo
eriteron held ín similar preceden is At th whole of the 1O payments must be decmed
tur in tncir full amount. n he cvent ola transic,reund or redemption, expenses related
to the purchase and transíer suffciety julia, vil be taken nto account to calcule the
income. Taxation vil take place seprately for cach total or paria income acerued subjet to
tax wilhout any posible compensation between sad income.

Tax vil be calculated applying Ut normal rate f 15% to the foregoing tax base.

- Said income vil be subject o withbolding of the Impuesto sobre a Renta de no Residentes,
Except in Mhose casos in which th payment of the Impuesto s cidenced, ar exempton of the
corresponding income or application of reduced rates, upon Submission of the releva
cenficao of residence issued by the tx athoritics o its commtry ol residen,

The amount to be withbeld will e equal o the Impuesto to be paid in accordance with the
above creia

Income obtained both from interest collection and Hom the transfer, sedemption or
scimibursoment of the Bond describd in this Prospectas, by persons or clics fat ac not
resident in Spain, and which funcion or such purpose, wihout permanent etablistment, will
be cxemptil he bencficary is resident ola member State o he Earopcan Union.

Equal, income derived from the transfer of sad shares n Spanish ffcial secondary markcts
biained by monesident persons or emttics, without ihe intermediaion of permanent
establishments in Spain, vil also be exemp. Said non-rsident persons or emiics must reido

si


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

in a State, which has subscribed with Spain a Treaty for the avoidance of double taxaton wit
an exchange of information clase.

ln no event vil the exemption mentioned in the proceding paragraphs be applicable when the
income is obtained through counts or states that are considered ffbore banking centres.

The exclusion f withholding on sud income shall be subject to the procedure et fon by the
Ministerio de Economía y Hacienda. which cumently is as provided under the Ministerial Order
fe Ministro de Economía y Hacienda dated April 13, 2000.

Income obtained from the reimbursement of assctsralised y non residents without permanent
establishment, or the retums derived from assets transers performed Ihereby shall not be
subject to vitihokding, without prejuice to the tax bligtion which may apply. providd tha
th following requirements are met

1. They must be represented as book entris
2, They must be negorntd in Spanish oficial secondary make

Onherwis, income thus obtained hall be subject to the general vcitiholding ate or to the rte
set lor in he relevant Convention.

In any event, payment o the gros coupon by the Payment Agent will be subjec to applicable
legisaion from time to time. Specificall, her is currently a special procedure in force,
approved by the Ministerial Order of the Ministro de Economía y Hacienda dated Apel Et.
2000, regading the procedure 1ocflet wilhholdings to non-esidents at th corresponding tax.
tato in cach case in order o excludwihholdin, when financial entiis registered resident or
represented in Spain participate in the payment procedure, as depostones or as collection
manager fort income corresponding to said sccuritis.

In accordance wi hi ul, ah time of payment of the coupon, he Fund will wihhold the
general ax at of the Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas and tn Impuesto sobre
Sociedades (curely 15%) and vil transfer th liquid amount thercol o the depository
mts. Depositoy entiis which evidence, in accordance with th established procedure, cir
clics” ig to be applied reduced rates or to exemption from wiolding will receive,
immediately, for payment terco, the excess amount wie.

+. Indirec taxes om the Transfer of he Bonds

The tner of ocur is cxempt from th Impuesto sobre Transmisiones Patrimoniales y
Actos Jurídicos Documentados and from the Impuesto sobr el Valor Añadido (VAT)

4). Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio (Wealth Tax)

Holder oe securitis on December 315t o cach yr ha are subjec o personal income tax
will include the Bonds, for their nominal amount in the Weali Tax declaraton in which they
ville ased in accordance with general regulains. In he event that the aforementioned
values are negotited in an oganiscd market us is expected in this case calulatd by the
average negotiton vale o he fourth quarter of cach year.

Nonsesidents who are axpaycrs by rel oblgaton will alo be obliged to comply wit the
Wealth Tax for he nominal amount of the Bonds, vit hc exception of that established in the
Treates for he avcidance of double taxation. Nevertheless, residents of other member ses of

s


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

the European Union will be exempt if te incor from their bonds is cxcmpt from personal
income tax as has boen mentioned above,

+). Impuesto sobre Sucesiones (Suecession Tax)

Transfer of te sort due to des or donation in fvour of individuals is ubjes to the
general mues af he Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones. ln those cases in which the
benefiiay ls am insttuion, th income obtained will taxed in accordance vih the rules of
it Impuesto sobre Sociedades or he Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residents, acordin to
cachas

1124. Purpose of the Transaction
The amount of the issue is eirly destine to the subscription of Mortgage Shares and
Monago Transer Certificates and to th Financing of Reserve Fund 1 and Reserve Fund 2
ande partlly payment of th nia expenses o Clas

IL25. Secondary Contracting

There are no commitment with any entity o guarates the liquidit of Securities issued y
th Fund inthe secondary market

IL26. Individuals or corporations having taken part in Advice or the Design for the
Incorporation of he Fund, or in Any Relevant Information Contained in the Prospectus

12%.

ing of persons.

The financial structure of the transaction has been designed by Titulización de Activos,
SGFT. S.A. which shall also act as Sociedad Gestora and by Bear, Steams International
Limited

Tituización de Activos, S.G.F.T.. S.A. will actas Sociedad Gestor.

Caja Granada, Credifimo, Caixa Tarragona, Caja Navarra and Caixa Terrassa, are the
Sellers of the asscs which shall compriso the Fund.

Bear, Sicas Intemational Limited and EBN Banco, act as Placement Directors for the
placement of the Bond isue.

The following entities acting as underwriters of this Bond issue: Bar, Sicarms International
Limited, EIN Banco, Caja Granada, Caixa Tarragona, Caja Navarra, Caixa Terrasa, El
Monte, Caja Madrid, Caja Castilla La Mancha. DZ Bank. CDC Lis y SCH.

8%A Garrigues, S.L. as provided the legal advice for the transaction.

Banco Santander Central Hispano, SA. intervenes as Payment Agent and Depository.

Ernst de Young, intervenes as the Fund's auditor.

s


TAS posi sa Tarslaan o Engl ee oral FOR Irormamo dated Soon guaoe aná repara wr
¡ve “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secumes Mal Cormison,"CMMV) November 5, 204
Tie Fett toma" ated a Sram uo e on all omar arde deme aber an e Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

11262. — Declarations of he Issuer

Titulización de Activos, SGFT, S.A. declures itself! o be unaware of the existence ol any
sor of legal family or economic link whatsocver among th entiic taking par in the Fund.
and beswcen the former and the holders of the loans Incorporated in the Shares and
Certificates acquired by th Fund, tha might impar the interests of th Fund in general and.
those of the investors in the Securiics issued ihrcby in particular.

11263. — Declaration of he Sellers

Dr. Patricia Moral Rey, in the name and on behalf of Caja Navara, D. Pere Gil Sanchís,
the name and on behalf of Caixa Terrasa, D. Jesús Luis Escorza Barcelo, in the name and
on behalf of Credifimo,D. Ideionso Pastrana Sanchez-Crespo, in hc name and on behal! of
Caja Granada, and D.Pedro García Hom y D. Luís Bordas Bernat in th name and on behalf
of Caixa Tarragona do hereby represent

at the representtions in respect of Mortgage Loans and Mortgage Shares and Mongage
Transfer Cerúficates included n section IVA. his Prospectas, are tru

That the foregoing representaions will be wasranted to the Sociedad Gestora on behalf of
the Fund, in as Decd of Incorporaton

That al the necessary verifcaions to determi th veracity and integrity oh information
contained in this Prospectus in relation to the mortgage loan porflio selected, which shall
in Aci majority be assigned to the Fund, constitutng the Mortgage Loans subjet o this
issue of Mortgage Shares and Mortgago Transler Centlicats.

That, as a consequence of said verfiatins, there are no circumstances that contradict or
alter he information et for in the Prospectus, and that the Prospectus docs not mit
significant facts or data that may be of elevan o he investor

Said declarations contained in lters from cach Seller ar included in this Prospectus in
Appendix 7.

si


TAS prosperan o Engl) ee oral oleo Ima tas Span rguane aro reparos wi
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, "CMV November 5,204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

CHAPTER HL

GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE FUND
TDA 22-MIXTO

TILA. Legal information and Purpose of the Creation of the Fund.

“IDA 22 MIXTO. Fondo de Tiuización de Activos” is incomorated pursuant to the
provisons of Royal Decrec 926/1998, The Fund is regulted in agreement with) he present
Issue Prospectus;() the Deed of Incorpoatio of he Fund, ii) Royal Decres 9261998 and
subsequent provision, 1v) Law 19/1992, for aspects not covered by Royal Dectec 921998
when applicable, (v) Law 24/1988 in is curen wording in espec o supervision, inspection
and sanctio, and where applicable and, (vi) any other legal provisicos in fos a each time
Soho applicable

The sole purpose of the Fund is the transformation of a series of Montage Lowns through
Shares and Cerilicates acquired from credit institutions into fixed income homogencous,
standardisd,sccurises and susceptible al being negotited in orgamiscd ocur markets

JUL2. Name, Incorporation and Registration of the Fund

A peerequisit fort incoporatin of th Fund and the isue of dc Bonds ist registration in
th Official Registy of the CNMV, pursuant to article S (3) o Royal Decrec 926/1998

Once the Prospectus has been registered wilh ho CNMV and before Abe opening of the
Subscription Period, the Sociedad Gestora, together with the Selles of the Shares and
Certificates to be included in the Fund, il proceed to grant the Decd of Incorporan of the
Fund under ds terms st out in Royal Decrec 926/1998

The Deed of Incorporation will comply with ale 6 of Law 24/1988 and will herfore be
the Deed of issue of the Securities and the Decd scting forth th sepresetaion af the
Securities as book entres.

The Deed ol Incorporaion, pusuant to atico $ (4) of Royal Decres 926/1998, will not be
subject registration in th Commercial Registry.

TIL, Management and Representation of the Fund and the Bond holders.

HIL3.1. — Functions and Responsibilitis of he Sociedad Gestora

TDA 22-MIXTO, Fondo de Tiulización de Activos" has been rrangod by “Titulización de
Activos, SGET, S.A.” as Sociedad Gestora empowered for such purpose, ad, therefore, to
“dminisior and Icgall represent the Fund IDA 22-MIXTO. in accondance with the
provision of Royal Decree 926/1998

The Sociedad Gestora, as manager of third-party business, wil represent and defend the
interests ol the holders ol the Securitic issued by the Fund.

ss


Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

The holders of te Securities will have no legal recourse against the Sociedad Gestora
except if the Sociedad Gestora is in breach ol its obligatons as set out in the Docd of
Incorporation of ihc Fund, in th present Prospectus and in applicable law.

For information purposes only, and without prejudice to other actions provided in the Docd!

of incorporation and in this Prospectus, the Sociedad Gestora wal

in paricula, be

responsible fr the following dutis:

o

)

m7)

0

0)

0)

0)

(ña

5)

Ensuring that hc amount of Ahe payments eflecively reccived by te Fund
corresponds to the amount contracualy due to the Fund, in accordance with the
relevant contracis from which such payments arisc. 1 necessary. the Sociedad
¡Gestora will exercise all judicial and extrajudicial actions necessary or convenient
to entorce and protect the rights fte Fund and the holders of the Securitics

Appying any amount received by the Fund to the payment of is ob!
ccordance with he Decd of Incorporation o! th Fund and this Prospectas

Extending or modifying any agreements entered nto on behalf of the Fund and
necessary to is operation, in accordance with Ihe provisions of the Decd. of
Incorporstin, this Prospects and applicable law from tim to time. Al of th above
shall e without prejudice to its giving notice to the Rating Agency and the CNMV,
provided that the interests of the holdors of the Securitics ar not adversely affected

Replacing all service provides of the Fund, in the terms provided in the Deed of
Incorporstion of the Fund and this Prospectus, provided that this is permitted by
applicable law, that prior authorisation from th relevant autori is obtained ¡£
necessary, that notice is given to the Rating Agency, and that the interests of the
holders of the Securities are nol impared. In partcular, in he event of reach of the
duties of the Sellers ol the Mortgage Loans, the Sociedad Gestora will take ll
measures necessary to obtain an adequate servicing of the Loans.

Giving al necessary instructions to the Financis
ob he Fund.

Agent in relation to the Accounts

Giving al necessary instructions to he Financial Agent in relation to the payments
to bo made to the holders af th Securitics and 1 necessary. to all other ente to
vwhich such payments should e made.

Determiing and cfíecting payments regarding the principal and interest of the
Loans Initial Expenses Loan. 2 and Subordinated Loans 1 and 2, nd Patcipating
Loans land 2).

Aypointing and, if necesary,replacig the Auditor, with th prior auhoriation of
MHECNMV.

Drting and submitting to the relevant bodies all documents and information that
must be submited in accordance with applicable law and the presen Prospectus, o
ile CNMV and draling and submiting to Abe holders of the Secuntics any
information legally required,

5


Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

(9 Taking he appropriste decisions in relation Lo the liquidation of the Fund, including
it decision to periorm carly liquidation in accordance with the Ded of
Incorporstin of th Fund and this Prospecta

(xi) Determining the applicable interes rte for cach Series of Bonds for cach Interest
Aceraal Period.

The Sociedad Gestora must make available to the public al documents and information
necessary pursuant to the Decd of Incorporation and his Prospectus.

HIL32. — Remuneration ol the Sociedad Gestora.

The Sociedad Gestora will receive, on cach Payment Date, a management fe which will
acerue quarter, equal to a fised amount of 18,750 Euro plus 1/4.0f 003206 of the
Oststanding Nominal Balance pending matariy of the Shares and Certificates on the
immediately preccding Payment Date. Such fee will be understood in gross terms,
including, tberfore, any director indirect tax o withholding that may be applicable Ihereto.
Said ixed amount will be updated att beginning of cach calendar year in accordance wat
the General Consumer Price Index published by the National Statistics Institute, or the
entty which should replace it On the first Payment Date the management fee shall be
calculated, notas 14 of he resulting amount (equivalent to one quarter) but according to the
number of days clapsd since the Disbursement Dat

TILA, Net Worth of the Fund

The Fund has been designed in such a way that lts nt worth is ni, in accordance with
aticle 5 1) of Law 19/1992, and article 1 (2) of Royal Deerce 926/1994

3) — Uponits creation
Asses

(0 Tie nominal amount ofthe Shares and Cenificte subscribe
Gi) The inicial expenses aid.

(ii) The balance of he Treasury Account

Liabiics

(0 The nominal amount of e Securitisaion Bonds sud,

iy "The subscription price of Securiy 10-1 and Securiy10-2:

(ii) The amount of Initial Expenses Loans 1 and 2, and Participating Loans 1 and 2

b) During the Life of the Fund
Ases:

(0 Te Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shares and Centiicates

s


Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

Gi) Tie accrued and not yet collected principal and interest of the Shares and

Cenilicaes

(ii) Tie initial expenses pending amortsation

(00) The resources invested in the Accounts of the Fund a and their corresponding.
accrued intere

Liabiiis:

(0) Te Outstanding Nominal Balance o he Securitisation Bonds.

(i) The difrence betwcen the subscription price for Security 1O-1 and Securiy 10:
minus th sum of Payment 1O-1 and Payment 1O-, respectively, paid up to the
date therof.

(ii) Te outstanding balance of Initial Expenses Loans 1 and 2, of the Subordinated
Loans, and of Participaimg Loans | and 2.

(0) Aceruedand unpuid principal, interest, cos and other expenses,

(6) Tie net Technical Advance received,

(6) Remuneration on Financial ntermediation and 2 and Variable Remuncration of

Participatimg Loans 1 and 2, accrued and unpaid,

HLA.. Description of he Assets of the Fund.

The main asscs of the Fund comprise the Mortgage Shares and 1h Mortgage Transfer
Cenúfictesincludod threin. Detailed information on the Mortgage Shures can be found in
section EV.L.1V-42, and IV.4.3. of this Prospecta.

HA2. Description of he Liabilitis of the Fund

From the date of the creation of th Fund and tbroughost its life hc labiliis of th Fund!
comprise th Securitics issued with charge 10 the Fund, described in Chapter 1, the Loans
(nitil Expenses Loans 1 and 2, Subordinated Loans 1 and 2, and Paricipating Loans 1 and!
2) obtained from the Sellers described in sections V3.L, V32, V33, V.3A, VAS. and
VAS, and the intros, fees and other charges accrucd and unpaid, including amounts
ccrued and unpaid in respet of Payment 1O-1 nd Payment 1O2.

IAS. Expenses

3) Initial Expenses: The Underaritins Fee and the Placement Fee will be charged
exclusively o the Fund as incorportion and Securities issuance expenses

The Sociedad Gestora will pay the following expenses originated as a result of the
incorporaton of the Fund: CNMV fees » ALAF admission fs, IBERCLEAR fees, Rating
Agency lees, notary public's fees, legal advisors" cs, audit expenses and printing and
publicy costs.

bo) Recurrent Payments The Fund will make te following payments:

se


Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

— Management Fee to be pad to the Sociedad Gestora as described in section IL32. of
this Prospectas.

— Remuncration for Financial Intermediaion 1 and Variable Remuneration of
Partcipaing Loan 1. On cach Payment Date, Caja Granada and Credifimo shall receive
a variable payment as Remuneration for Financial Inermediation 1, and Caixa
Tarragona shall reccive a variable payment as Variable Remuneration of Patcipating
Loan 1. The sum of the Remuneraion for Financial Intermediation 1 and the Variable
Remuneration of Participaing Loan 1 shall amount to the positive dillerence between.
Available Resources 1 on cach Payment Date and payments to bo made by the Fund,
numbered in sections (1) to (xvi of the priority order set down in section V.42, The
distribution between Caja Granada, Crediimo and Caiza Tarragona of the
Remuneration for Financial Intrmediaion 1 y and the Variable Remuneration of
Partcipaing Loan 1, shall be made in accordance vih th provision of the Contrato de
Gestión Intena Individualizada.

— Remuncration. for Financial Intermediaion 2 and Variable Remuneration of
Partcipating Loan 2. On cach Payment Date, Credifimo, Caja Navarra and Caixa
Terrassa shall recive a variable payment as Remuncraton for Financial Inermedistion
2, and Caja Granada shall reccive a varable payment as Variable Remuneration of
Panticipating Loan 2. The sum of the Remuncratin for Financial Intermediatio 2 and!
ie Variable Remuneration of Participaing Losn 2 shall amount to the positive
difference between Available Resources 2 on cach Payment Date and payments to be
made by the Fund, mumbered in sections () to (3) ol the priority order set down in
section V-42, The distribution between Caja Granada, Creifimo, Caja Navarra and
Caixa Terrassa of the Remuneration for Financial Intermediation 2 y and the Variable
Remuneratin of Panicipating Loan 2. shall bo made in accordance with the provisions
ot the Contrato de Gestión Intcma Endividualizada

+) Other Recurrent Expenses: The Sociedad Gestora will bea the fs of the Financial
Agent, or entity replacing i, the Fund's audit expenses and he expenses derived from the
publicty of notice relatng to lhe Fund or the Securities, and, as th case may be,
maintenance expenses of the rating granted by the Rating Agency, in the terms intaly
úgreod with such Agency and any obers which may bo derived from th partial redemption
ol the Securities.

There are no recurrent expenses to he charged to the Fund except such expenses which may.
derive from he partial redemption of the Securitics, extraordinary expenses orginated s a
result of the defenc of the interests of the holders of the Securities. and ol the eity which.
“assumes the commitments described in section IV 2.4 in relation o th replacement ol the
Seller as administrator of the mortgage loans, n the event hat do Fund should incur in such.
extraordinary expenses, the Sociedad Gestora mus give the Rating Agency notice thrcof

AI of he feos are expresed in gross terms, including, tberfore, any taxes hat might apply.
Furhrmore, any expenses incured in hc performance of Uhr duties by any of the eii
recciving such ces shall he borne hereby.

d) Liquidation Expenses: expenses derived from th liquidation of the Fund will be born
by th Fan

so


TAS prosperan o Engl) ee oral oleo Ima tas Span rguane aro reparos wi
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, "CMV November 5,204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

Maa.

The

Resources of the Fund derived from its operation.

Fund will have two types of available resource, depending on the Morigage Loans

from which they are originaed: Available Resources | and Available Resources 2

Available Resources Li

The Available Resources 1 of he Fund on cach Payment Date will e equal to th sum of:

0

e

0)

The balance of the Treasury Accosnt originating from Mortgage Shares, composed
(a) any amount corresponding to the Mortgage Shares included in the Fund: (p)
“amounts at ach given time of he Reserve Fund 1 and (c) the retums generated by
said balance.

As he case may be, the balance of the Reinvestment Accounts originating from
Mongage Shares, including th returns generated, except for Ihe amount of
principal and interest which do not correspond to Ihe three Calculation Periods
preceding he current Payment Date.

Funhermore, as the case may bo and when it is expediet, he proceeds of the
Liquidacion of the Fund's Asscts and the balance of the Collection Account
riginating from the Mortgage Shares, including returas hereo

Available Resources 2:

Available Resources 2 oh Fund on cach Payment Date will be equal to the sum of

0

e

0)

ms.

The balance of lhe Treasury Account originating from the Mortgage Transfer
Cenificates, composed of (a) any amount corresponding to the Mortgage Transfer
Cerufictes included in the Fund: (b) amounts ol the Reserve Fund 2 at any given
time and (c) th returns generate by said balance,

JE applicable, ihe balance of the Reinvestment Accounts originting rom the
Montage Transer Cenificaes, including the retums generated, except for the
mount ol principal and intrest which do not corespond to th three Calculaion
Periods roceding th current Payment Date

Furhermore, as the case may be and when it is expedien, ho proceeds of the
Liquidaion of the Fund's Asscts and the balance of the Collection Account
rzinating from the Mortgage Transfer Cenifiate, including returns therof.

vation and Approval of the Anmual Accounts and Other Accow
of the Fund. Name ol Appointed Auditors

Obligations and dendlines in the Drafting, Veriic
Annual Accounts and Management Report



Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

The Sociedad Gestora shall submit the annual accounts of the Fund together with the audi
por treo! to the CNMV within four months following the cnd of he financial year of
tie Fund, which will coincide with he calendar year

The Board of Director of the Sociedad Gestora. held on July 26, 2004, has appointed Est
e Young as auditor of the Fund, registered with the R.O.A.C. under number S0S30. The.
Board of Directors of the Sociedad Gestora shall repor o Ahe CNMV any chango that may.
be adopted with regard to the appointment of the auditors.

HIS2. — Obtigations and deadlines to make available to the public and forward to the
CNMV regular Information on the Economic and Financial Situation of the Fund!

The Sociedad Gestora will make available to Ah public ll documents and information
required pursuant to the Decd of Incorporation and this Prospecto.

Within the four months after the end of cach accounting period, and together with the
Anual Accounts audited by the Fund, the Sociedad Gestora vil issue a report including:

(0 Aminventory of the poríoio of Shares and Certificates included in the Fund, and.
additionally

Gi) A managementreportspeciing:
3) The Outstanding Nominal Balance pending maturiy of the Shares and

h) The percentage ol Ses and Conificatespreaid
e) Thiechangesin the rate of prepayment
d) he amount of Stares ad Cetiictes which have bcn declred Defauted

(those for which the corresponding Loans have a payment delay of 12
months or more or which have bcen declared default in line with the

“efinion of Loans of Doubiful Quality included in Circular 4/1991 of Bank
of Spain) and he percentage of he total represented hereby

$) The average life ote pontolo of Shares and Cemifiates.

1) The average rte ofthe ponoli of Share and Cerúficates.

2) — The Oustanding Nominal Balance of the Bonds.

1) The percentage of outstanding Bond pending matuiy.

1) An estimation of Payments 10-1 and Payments 10-2 which will reasonably

tske place until mutuity of Secuntics 1O-1 and Securitics 1O.
respectively.

1). Where applicable, amount of accrued and unpaid interest from the Bonds,
nd amount accrued and unpaid from Payment 10-1 and Payment 1O

a


X) — The balance of he Accounts of the Fund,

1) The balance of the Loans (Initial Expenses Loans 1 and 2, Subordinated
Loans land 2, and Participating Loans 1 and?)

mm) A detailed analysis of th results of the Fund and of the factors contributing.
to such results

2) > The amount and vacations of management fees and expenses originated
ing th accounting period.

Every tree months, the Sociedad Gestora will issue repor including an invemtory of the
pontolio of the Shares and Cenilicates, he balance of the Reinvestment Accounts, the
Treasury Account, and he information described in points a) through (J) above. ln any,
event. this information will contorm to the requirements se foth or such purpose by the
CNMV. All of the foregoing shall be in accordance with the provisions ol applicable
accounting regulations from time o time,

Finally, in the seven Business Days following cach Payment Date, the Sociedad Gestora
will issue a certificate declrin, in respec of the Bonds and for cach Seis, the following.
information in relation t he preceding Payment Date:

+ Amountof he Initial Nominal Balance.

+ Amount of he matured Nominal Balance.

+ Amount of the Outstanding Nominal Balance pending maturty

+ Amount of Nominal Balance matured and umpaid to the holder of the Securitics due to
lack of resources (and hat shall ot accrue interes.

+ Amount of Nominal Balance mature and paid to the holders of the Se

+ Totalinterest accrucd by the Bonds since the preceding Payment Dat.

Interest accrued since the Disbursement Date and that duc on preceding Payment Date,
was 0 paid (and hat, as a resul, hall no accrue additional interest)

+ Amount! Payment 10-1 and Payment 102
A copy of said cenificate shall he deposite at he CNMV.

Information described in this section shall be founded at the registered ofiics of the
Sociedad Gestora, the ALAF Market Headquarters and at he register of the CNMV.

Furthermore, on a monthly basis, the Sociedad Gestora shall issue a report including

information described in sections a) o d) of he present section, which will be available al
tb registered ofices of Sociodad Gestora and the ALAF Markt headquarters

6


Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

HILS3. — Obligation to Notify Relevant Facts

The Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of he Fund, underiakes to report immediately 1o the
CNMV, he Rating Agency and to the holders of the Securic, and throughout the life of
the issue, amy relevant event hat may occur relating to the Shares and Ceniicaes, o the
Securities, to he Fund and to the Sociedad Gestora sf that might have major impact on.
the tradi of he Securities, and, in particular, the amount payable to the holders of the
Securities, on every Payment Dat, on account of principal and interest and as Payment 1O-
1 and Payment 10-2, as provided in sections 1.12, of this Prospectus, and, in general, any
relevant modification of assets or liabilitic fe Fund.

HILS. Taxation of the Fund

Pense find below brit extract of the applicable ax regime applicable o the Fam:
1) — Mongage Shares and Mortgage Transfer Cenficates

Payments made to Uh Fund on account of interest on hc Shares and Certificates, loans o ber
rights ol credit that constitute income to sccuiiaion fund, are cxempt from withholdig in
ccordance with atico SO k) ol Royal Decree 1777/2004, ol Jaly 30.

ln he event hat in he future any director indirect tax, charges or wihboldings ar established.
on said payments, such expenses will be born by tbc Sellers, and ve retorne to hem
recover by he Fund.

Nosvitbstanding the above, in he event that cuen tax legislton should be modifi, and
taxes. charges or withholdings on payments made to the Fund on account of interes ol the
Shares and Centfcates are ctblishod, which, in th opinion of he Sociedad Gestora, should
significaly and adverselyafíct the Pund's financial balance, termianion of the Fund will
take place, prior liquidation of any remaining assts. In accordance with the provisions of
section NL10 of th presen Prospectus, in which case the Sellers vil be able to exercise their
right of ist refusal in accordance vit he provisins of this section.

DJ ThcFund

Fondos de Tiulización de Astivos are subject o the general regulations of Impuesto sobre
Sociedades. Incorporan there s exempt under the hcading Operaciones Socicaras of the
Impuesto sobre Transmisiones Patrimoniales y Actos Jurídicos Documentados in accordance
wi aicle S10 of Law 19/1992, Royal Decroe 926/1998, sts ford that the rule provided
vader Law: 19/1992 tall spy o Fondos de Ttlización de Activos.

e) — Sociedad Gestora

Services rendered to the Fund by the Sociedad Gestora ae exempt rom Value Added Tax.

IL. Amendments to the Deed of Incorporation

The Dee of Incoporaton may be amendd,exceptonay, provided hat such amendments are
permitted under applicable law in view of he concurrence ol the regulatoy requirements for
such amendment, and provided tat such amentment docs not ena reduction ion the rain
“svarded to the Sccurtis mor affect dc sights of the holders f he Securtis. In any event he

6


Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

ú“amendmenis must have th prior auhorisaion of he Rating Agency. Any amendments of the
Dex of Incoporaion wil require a new deed and will be communicate to the CNMV to be
made available to public ciber as a relevant fact or by registration ol an appendis o Mis
Prospecta.

LS, Replacement of the Participants

Financial Agent

The Sociedad Gestora is entled to replace Ihe Financial Agent (in all or some of is
maintenance duties of the Collection Account, Treasury Accoum, Payment Agency or
depositary o he Share and Certificate); provided tar this conforms vi applicable law, ad
ihr auhoriaton of the relevant authors is given, úf necescry. The reason for the
seplacement must be serios and present serios prejudi o te interests of the holders of the
Secunios, Notice xl o given regarding tc replacement to the CNMV. the Rating Agency
ande Seller

nh event att rating of he Financial Agent awarded by the Rating Agency for shorticem
risk is reduced o a rating below PI awarded by Moody's, the Sociedad Gestora, pio notice
ihrco! to the Rating Agency. must implement one os more of he optins descbcd in section
33.1 fis Prospecta

Fushermor, the Financial Agent may termina the Financial Servico Agreement, prior notice
10 be Sociedad Gestora at let two months in advance, in accordance with be tems et for
in the Financial Service Agreement provided that (1) anche ent wi similar financia
characteristics to he Financial Agont and wit a credit ating for sor trm risk last equal to
PI in Moody's cae, or olherrecognised by the Rating Agency and accepted by the Sociedad
Gestora, replace it in the duties of he Financial Service Agreement (4) he CNMV and the
Rating Agency are notifcd, and (ii) the rating granted to the Securtis is not impaired,
Terminatio val not ske place, except wi he «uthorstion of the Sociedad Gestora, until
tx Business Days air th Payment Da following the notice of termianin,

Sociedad Gestora

The reigntion ad replacement of the Sociedad Gestora will e regulated in accordance with
Royal Decrec 926/1998, or current aplicable lesion. In any event, the replacement of the
Sociedad Gestora will take place in accordance with the following procedure provided that it
docs no intrine applicable legal regulations

(0) The Sociedad Gestora will esign from lts duties whenover lt decms necessary and
shall voluntaily requests replacement, via write notice to the CNMV. Notice of
be new Sociedad Gestora duly autborised and registered with the special register ol
be CNMV, will alo be sen whercin the ler hal! declare 4 acceptance of the
úposiñon and request the corresponding authorisaion. Resignation of the Sociedad
Gestora and selection of a new entity as Sociedad Gestora of the Fund must be
“approred by the CNMV. In no event wil 1 Sociedad Gestora resign unles all he
requirements and requiremerts for the new sociedad to fully assume its duties, The
Sociedad Gestora will not resign from ls duties ls resul fs replacement hc
tings awarded to th Bonds ar reduced. Al expenses generated as  consequence
af said replacement vil be borne by the Sociedad Gestora sal.

6


Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

)

mm)

6

LE the Sociedad Gestora should incur in any of he casss st for in atico 260 (1)
of Ley de Sociedades Anónimas occur he Sociedad Gestora will e replace. The
Sociedad Gestora vall notify the CNMV and the Rating Ageney o he oecunence ol
“any of sud coses. In lis vent, he Sociodad Gestora ville obliged to comply with
section () above, pio to ts dissolution.

In be event tt the Sociedad Gestor is declare subject to bankruptey procoedings
rf ts auborisaion should be cancele, t will appoint a Sociedad Gestor to
place it The replacement vil take place before two momhs have clapsed since the
ate in which th event that determined the replacement took plce. 1 ho Sociedad
¡Gestor docs not find another Sociedad Gestora to take over ts administration and
repesentaion of the Fund, or he CNMV does not autori the replacement ho
Fund vil be liqidated and hc Bonds redecmed, four months ar th occunence ol
be inciden which determined te replacement

The replacement of the Sociedad Gestora and hc selection of a new sociedad,
“approred by lbe CNMV in accordance with the preceding puragrapbs, must be
acecpied by the Rating Agency, and the Daily Bullcún of the ALAF Market, The
Sociedad Gestora undenukes to grant al! the public and private documents necessary
o procoed wal lis replacement by another Sociedad Gestora in accordance si he
requirements of the preceding paragraph. The replacing Sociedad Gestora will be
subrogated to the Seciodad Gesto in respect of any sigts and obligatons
coresponding hereo. Funhermors, he Sociedad Gestora must forward to the now
Sociedad Gestora all the documents and accosnting and computing repors rlating o.
te Fandi ds possesson

Other participants

An te event of breach of cir contractual obligatons or ún th cvent of adoption fa comporte
legal or court resolution for the lquidation, disoluion or receivership of any of the partcipats
this securtisatio transaction, or il any of hem should request declration o suspension of
payments or bankuptey, or in the ven of admision ola third party request in this regard, the
Sociedad Gestora may terminate the relevant agreemens binding them to the Fund. provided
hat such terinaton is permiticd under applicable law. After termination of Abe Agreement
and in the event that 1 is permited under aplicable law, 1he new participan shall be
<ppolnud, il applicable y the Sociedad Gestora, air consulting the compete administrative
stories, so Ahat he mting awarded to the Securics isucd by the Fund by the Rating
Agency is not impaied, and such appointment shall be communicate to he Rating Agency
and to the CNMV. Replacement ol the Sellers as administrators of tho mongage loans 1 504
fort ins secion 1V24 of this Prospectus. Furdhcemore, replacement of Bar Stcams Bank ple
as coumterpuy inthe Derivatives Contracts are se forn section V.3. of his Prospectas

IL). Subcontracting of Participants

The cnt taking part in the securisation transaction TDA 22-MIXTO, pursuant o their
corresponding agreements, ae ente to sbcontract or delega to third pues ol recognised
solvency and capacity, th performance of any of th services underiken, provided is legally
possible and () wi he prior writen consent of he Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the Fund.
vih the Rating Agency's express acceptance, () be sub contactor e delegae has rating.
esual to or greater than th rating required by the Rating Agency, and provided that) the

6s


Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

subcontractor or delegate has waived al sights f recouse against the Fund, and ho right to
terminate such sub-<omuacting andíor delegan, ln any cvem, such subcontactng or
delegaion shall not cnt any aditonal cos r expense to the Fund nor th Sociedad Gestora.
Despáe any subcontrat or delegation, th cnt taking part int transaction Shall be ncitor
exonerated nor discharged Hrom any of the responsbilies set forh in he corresponding.
contras. The contacted panies wil comply wi the ring requirements seguir by the
Rating Agency

IILIO. Farly Liquidation and Termination of the Fund

Pussuant to the Deed o Incorporan of the Fund and this Prospects, the Sociedad Gestora is
entile to procedo the cary liqidation oe Fund TDA 22- MIXTO when he Outstanding
¡Nominal Balance of the Shares and Comificaes ies than 10% of tc nia balance, provided
that te procceds rom th iquidation of th asets ad he balance at tbc time o the Accounts
of the Fund are suficien to discharge the outstanding obligaons to the holders of the
Securities, in accordance with the pioray order of payments described in soction Vd. ol bis
Prospecta, and provided that all the necessary authorsations have been obtained from the
elevantauhorics.

The Fund will be terminated only in th following circumstances, and Ihe CNMV and the
Rating Agency vil be informed of such cicumstancos

(0) When, in the opinion of Uhe Sociedad Gestora, exceptlonal cicumstances occur
which render impossible, or extremely diíficul, the survival of he financial balance
of the Fuma. In is case, the Sociedad Gestora, alter noiying the CNMV, will
proceed to liquidte he Fund in accordance with the Payment Ranking Order set
Foriinscction V.d2. 0 is Prospecta.

(Gi) In the cvent set fonth in Article 19 of Royal Decree 926/1998, scting for ho
blagation to perform carly liquidacion of Fund in th cven tt four months at
an event ta jus Abe replacement of the Sociedad Gestora, pusun 1o
insolvency proceedings or bankrupcy, no altemative Sociedad Gestora has been
foam to manage the Fund

(ii) In te event tha a allre to pay indiatig a serious and permanent imbalance in
espect ol any of the isued Secwrilics takes place, or s expected. ln his event, the
Sociedad Gestora, aer noifying the CNMV, will proceed to liquidate the Fund in
“accordance with als descrbod in section V-42. o Us Prospecta.

(00) Im cent an amendimen in tax regulations, in accordance wi the provisios of
section IILS ol this Prospectus, which, in the opinion of the Sociedad Gestora,
“Sgmificany and adverely afíctstb financial balance ol he Fund.

ln any event, the Fund shall e terminated in the event of occumence ol any of the following

6) When Shares and Certfiats are totally redcemod, In he event hat ll he Shaes
and Ceniicates should have matured and there remain outstanding amownts to be
<ollected and paid to the Bond holders, th Fund wil! o trminated on dh Payment


Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

5)

0)

Date immediately following after wo years have clapsed since ho maturity of ho
last Mortgage Loan included inc Fund, on June 28, 2046

Wien the Bonds issued a full edecmed,

In the absence of confirmation of any of the provisional ratings granted to the
Securits by the Rating Agency before the star of hc Subscription Period for the
Securitos, he Fund, dh issue and subccrption of ho Shures and Cemificaes,
Sabordinated Loans 1 and 2, Intial Expenss Loss 1 and 2, and tc remaining
Agreement of the Fund, and ti issue o he Securitis il lle cancelled,

nh event tt upon liquidation the Fund here remain outstanding obligtions on behalf of
the Fundo any the holders e Securities, the Sociedad Gestora:

o

o

7)

Will designte minimum of tros independent expe o determine the value of the
assigament of tbc Shares and Cortfcues remaining in tho Fand at the lime ol
Biquidation. ln no event will be price ol th assignment ol dh Shares nd Comificates
e less than the realiaion value determined by said experi, and will never be below
o the market price. Designation of said independent expers will be notifcd to the
CNMV and e Rating Agency.

In tb event of liquidation of de Fund, the Seller will ave a right o fis refusal to
epurchase th Shares and Contfctes assigned by cach Seller and which belong to the
Fund, corresponding to Morgage Loans unpuid a he time oh liuidatio, under
e conditions and price set foth by the Sociedad Gestora, in accordanos with the
provisios of the foregoing paragraph. Such right of fs rfusal does not imply, in
“any event, a puet or declaaion of repurchase of the Shares and Certificates
ontributed by the Sellers. In oder o exercise such sight ol first refasal each Seller
vil have five (5) Business Days from the date in which do Sociedad Gestora will
otfy th conditions or disposal of th Share and Cerifiates

VW proceed to cancel such agreements which ae unnoccssury for the liquidaion
process, aná

l£ the above is no sufficint or any asets should remain, will sel hc remaining assts
af the Fund. The Sociedad Gestora ls empowered to accept those oflrs lt considere
¿over he market value of the ase in question and a paid in cash. In orderto st the
market value, the Sociedad Gestora may request the valuation repors t considers
necessary.

The Sociedad Gestor, after making a oserve for ermination expenses, wil immediately apply
all te amounis obtained from the ale of he assets of the Fund to pay thc diferen tes, in
¿ls time and form and in accordance with th priority onder set or in section V.42. 0 bis
Prospecta.

In te event tt the amount remaining s nt a iquid amount and coresponds to he Shares or
Certificates pending th resolution of legal or notarial proccedingsintaed as  consoquence of
non payment by the Debtor of th Share or Certificate, both the continuationhorco! and the
produ ol ts resolution vil corespond to th relevant See

9


TAS prosperan o Engl) ee oral oleo Ima tas Span rguane aro reparos wi
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, "CMV November 5,204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

In any event, he Sociedad Gestora, acting in the name and on behalf of hc Fund, vil no
terminate th Fund nor cancel the comesponding registration with he relevant administrative
segistes until all the acts of Ahe Fund have been lquidated and the available funds
distributed in the order o priority set fort in section V4. o his Prospetus, wi he exception
tb reserve made to pay lor terminatin expenses

Añer a period ol 6 months as from the liqidation of he remaining ases of he Fund and the
distribution of he avalable funds, he Sociedad Gestora will gana public deed delaring (1)
terminaio of the Fund, and the causes set forth in the Decd of Incoporaion of the Fund and
this Prospecta which motivated th terminator, () ho procedure underaken lo noti the
holders of the Bonds and the CNMV, and (ii) the disibution of hc available amounts in the
nter se ori in section V-A. of this Prospecta; this will mado public in national papers and
vil comply vit the remaining necesary requirements. This publ de ail be forwarded by
the Sociedad Gestoratothe CNMV.


TAS pospciasa Tarso o Engl e oral oleo Inormao alas Sri guaoe aro reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

CHAPTER IV

INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ASSETS SECURITISED IN
THE FUND

1V.1. Mortgage Shares and Mortgage Transfer Certificates Included in the Fund!

A. Mortgage Shares and Mortgage Transfer Certificates. Conditions of Isue

The Shares and Centiicatos will he issued by the Sellers and subscribd by the Sociedad
Gestora on behalf the Fund TDA 22. MIXTO, by viue o the Deed ol Incorporan of the
Fund. The Shars and Centliats included in th Farid are represented in Uh form of seven (7)
Multiple Decds. Three (3) Muliple Deeds, issued by Caja Granada, Crifimo and Caixa
Tarragona represetng th whole of he Mortgage Share issued by cach of hem, and four (4)
Mulliple Decds, respectively issued by Caja Granada, Crediimo, Caja Navarra and Caixa
Terrassa. represcting all of the Mongage Transfer Conificates isucd by cach af them. The
Shares and Ceriicts ar issued for total nominal amount of approximately 530.000.000
Eso. Each Share and Cerifict participate in 100% ol he unredecmed principal ol cach an
of the Mortgage Loans, and shall accrue an interest rate equal o the nominal interest mute
ccrucd from time to time by he corresponding Mortgage Loan

The fall and uncondional asignment to the Fund of the credit rigis derived from the
Morigage Loans, by the issue of the Shares and Corifcaes shall be made as of the
Disbursement Date for th period remaining until maturiy of said loans, without any
agreement to repurchase on the part of the Sellers The Shares and Conifiats ball no begin
lo sccrue the interes mentioned in the foregoing paragraph until hc Disbursement Date
(included), 1 until December 1, 2004, so that interes accrued by the Monago Loans until
th Disbursement Date shall continue o belong lo the relevant Seller, respective of the
cera pertd taken into account for he purpose o interes calculan án he Mortgage Loans.

The Seles do not assume any libiliy wiusoever for the non —uymen by he mortgage
diebtor of principal, interest or any cer amount that may be due under the Montage Loans.
The Sellers do no, under any circumutances,assume any responsibly in guarantecing. cier
directly or indirect, the success f he trancction, nor will they give guaraees or warantes
or entr into repurchase agreements fr the Sharos and Centiictes or under the Deed of
Incorporan of he Fund, th present Isue Prospectus or any oder agreement or contact

B. Composiion the portfolio

The ascts of TDA 22-MIXTO shall be composed of Mongage Shares and Montage Transfer
Certificates isued by Caja Granado, Credifimo, Caixa Tarragona, Caja Navarra and Caixa
Terrassa on loans granted for the acquisition, construction ce restoration ol housing located
wit Spanish territory, with fist mortgage security on a propery valucd by a Appralsal
Company. Some uf the aforementioncd loans rignat from deblorreplacements in contractor
pe


TRE EEE EEE TR ENE rar Sata Sara pate
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

By tt means of the Decd of Incorporan, he issue vil be fommalizd by the Sellers of the
¡Shares and Cerúfcates and is suscrspin. by the Fund. Such an isue will sppose number
sul not determinated, which outstanding nominal amount will be equal or sighly below to
five hundred and iy millions (530.000.000) Euro.

th Incorprate Date, to Shares and Coniliates which will transmite to the Fund, will
be selected from the loans included into hc audied portfolio, This one consiss ol 6,692
Morigage Loans with a non:mutured custanding nominal amount of 582.681,17559 Euro, on
November 9, 2004, The disibation of the Mortgage Shares and Mortgage Transer
Certificates includod in the Fund among te isuing ets ss follows

Ea]
E]
EN
0000.00,

Among the Mongage Losns are losas with an Outstanding Nominal Balance lower, on the date
issue of te relevant Mortgage Sbares, than 80% the sppraisd vale ol Ahe secure
mongaged propentes (hecina er, “Monago Loans 1), Mongage Loans | represent, on the
Incorporation Date of the Fund, a total outstanding principal of 286.000.000 Euro, distributed
among the Sellers as follows:

[Caja Granada ECT
[rim E
Caña Tarragona susoo.oD
OTAL 2s0000.00

The remaining Mortgage Loans(hercinatr, “Mortgage Loans 2") are loans in which () the
Outstanding Nominal Balance excced, on the date ol the isue of the Cenificaes, 80% of the
“ppraisal value oh mongagod properties backing the relevant Mongage Loan; or (do no
meet the apraial requirements ol the mongagod property st forh in Section Law 2/1981, as
the market apprasal value has hoen taken in case of protected dwelings; or (ii) are backed
by a second Tak real estate mortgage. The Outstanding Nominal Balance of said Loans will
mot excecd in any case, 1008 of ho ppraial value of he mortgaged propertis. Montgage.
Loans 2 represet, on hs Incoporation Date ol the Fund, total unredcemed principal of
approximately 244.000.000 Euro, disibuted among the Sellers s follows:

1


TAS pospciasa Tarso o Engl e oral oleo Inormao alas Sri guaoe aro reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

2000.00

C. Subscription of he Mortgage Shares and the Mortgage Transfer Certificates

Price, Subscription und Payment of the Shares and Certificate: the Sociedad Gestora shall
subscribe 100% of th Shares and Cerfiats on behalf the Fund.

The price of Shares and Certificate wil be the nominal amount eco and will be paid by
the Sociedad Gestora, in he name of the Fund, to the Sellers on the Disbursement Date,
December, 2004

In the case of resolving the Constitución of the Fund, and consequent the issue and
subscription of the Zars and Cenáficaes, 1) the obligaion of payment will trminate for the
Shares and Certificates om the Fund behall (he Sociedad Gestora will have to return to the
Selles any right tt could have arisen from the fund by he suscription of ho Share and
Certificates nd, (ij) Mongage Loans will be included on he Asset of the Treasury Account

Rights of the Fund derived from the Subscription of Shares and Certificate: The Fund, as
holder of the Shares and Cenifiats, shall have the sights recognisod in the applicable
legisiaion and in ho Shares and Certificates. In particular, it will have the right to receive
payments made by the Mortgage Loan debtors from the Disbursement Date onwards, with the
exception provided in the folowing paragaph, and any ber payment asing from the
Morigage Loans, provided such payments correspond o the Shures and Centiicates. The
¡Stares and Certificates will begin to aceras interes from th Disburscment Date.

In adcíticn to he payments mado by the Mortgage Loan debors, any other payment reccived
by be Sellers in eltio o he Mortgage Loans, including those rising from any accessories to
ile Loans such as compensation derived from insurance policies, payments made by possible
guaramtors, tc. vil correspond to the Fund, wit he exception l delinquent interes, es for
vipoid reccpt claims, subrogatin fees and carly cancelltin/rodemption fs, together with
any other oe which vil correspond to the Sellers ol he Shaes and Certificates. Additional.
the Fund will be enildto receive amount, goods or ighs in payment of principal o interes
in the Morgage Loans, both fo he auction price or amount determined by cour resolution or
notarial proccedings in th enforcement ol mortgage garantes, fr the disposal or explosion
of he properties awarded or as a result of the aforementioned cnforcements, in the intcim
“administration and possession ot propenticssubje to enforcement proccedings. The Soles
nderako to give Ihe nocexsary notes so tbat payments to the Sociedad iestora may be
pestormed. The Sellers must make reasomable cfors to maintain in force and fully effective
any insurance policies subscrbed in relation o he Mortgage Loans, and they will be fiable for
any damages to the Fund in te cvent be insurance pocos have not been maintained,

n


TAS pospciasa Tarso o Engl e oral oleo Inormao alas Sri guaoe aro reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

Notices

The Sellers will continue to administc e Mortgage Loans in accordance vit section IV. of
this Prospects. The Sociedad Gestora and he Selcs have agrecd no o noiy he assignmont
to1he debtors of the Morgage Loans as his notice is nota condition for th eectivenes the
Josue

Pursuant to anícle 1,527 of he Civil Code, th debtor who pays he creditor before it aware of
the assignment sal e release from it obigation. The Seller must notify the asignment to
the relevant Debtos when it s necessary or required in the conditions of the corresponding.
Moriage Loan, nd th Sociedad Gestora so requires it Following notice, the Debtors vw
feed ol tir obligaions following payment to the Financial Agen. n accordance wit article
1198 of the Civil Code, the Debto hat agres to the assignment will not have recouse against
it Fund for e compensation du from th Seller.

Noevitbstanding dh foreging. the Seis vil grant th brosdest facu legal required to
the Sociedad Gestora so hat can noi hc asignment to the debtors aho Mortgage Lomns
when le deems necessary. In particular, the Sociedad Gestora will nofy the asignment to the
debtors of the Mongage Louns in the event of the replacement of the Sellers án the
“administration af the Mortgage Loans and in the cvent ob adminisraive or judicial
administration of the Sellers.

The Sellers will ear the expenses of ts notice to hc debtors of the Mortgage Loans even
the Sociedad Gestora performs such notice.

D. Replacement of the Mortgage Shares and the Mortgage Transfer Certificates

In th event at, desple the declaraions made by the Selles and thcir efforts 1o ensure
performance, a partcular Monago Loan, during the tem of the Fund, sulfered from hidden
detect including the efect ol not complying on the Incorporation Date o th Fund with the
sepresentations set out ín setion IVA. below and set fonh in Clause 8: of the Deed of
Incorporation o he Fund, th Sellers undenake:

(A) To replace the corresponding Share andlor Cenfiate by another one wih similar
Financial characteristics in terms of amoun crm to maturity and interes rat, and which is
scceptable to Uh Sociedad Gestor, prior conultation with the Rating Agency, and provided
that is docs not impair he rating ol th Bonds awarded tcreby

In any case, in the event ol replacement of a Share andior Certificate, the Selles must
lemonstrae ha he Share andíor Cemficate is in accondance with th condisos rfered to in

section IV.A. lts Prospecta.

Each Seller, s soon as 1 becomes aware that a Share andíor Certificate iscued docs not
correspond with the aforementoned epresetations, will inform he Sociedad Gestora and
indicate he Mongage Loans tha will e presented to replace th falty ones. In the event that
any of hc Share andor Cerificaes are replaced in accordance with these provisions, the
Sellers vil issue a mew Multiple Docd, which will be exchangod avith hc one provided in
ccondance with he Deco! Incorporan.

n


TAS pospciasa Tarso o Engl e oral oleo Inormao alas Sri guaoe aro reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

The aforementioned replacement uf Shures andior Certificates shall be communicated to the
Rating Agency. and shall e set fot in public dec, a copy ol which shall e forwxded to
the CNMV.

(8) Secondary to the obligatios assumed in paragraph (A), and in he exception cases in
which. even though the Sellers have fulfiled these obligations, replacement is not possible
Because the available Mortgage Loans, for reasons no atributab to the Seller, are not similar
19 he securtiaion porto in terms o) amount, (term to maturiy, a) interest rte (4)
characerisics of he debro, or (v) characteristics of the moigaged propeny, ad said lack of
conformity of any of se elements vih respect o the afectod Share andlor Comificate 1
suficienly important tt tafctsadversey he legaliy or financial structure of th Fund and!
th rights and interests of the Bond holders, in he justficd opinion of the Sociedad Gestora
which val ánform hc Seller and the CNMV tbereol, th Seller will agree to reimburse in cash
bil he outstanding principal of the corresponding Share and/or Certificate, interes aceru
and tnpaid to date and any other amount coresponding to the Fund in respet ol the Share
“andlor Confcate transfemng them to he Treasury Account, The Sociedad Gestora il asign
the amount received as prepaymens of the Shares ad / or Certificates under the assumpion
previously mentioned, to the amonisation of the Class 1 Bonds and Class 2 Bonds,
respectively hat comespond o amorisc on the Payment Date folowing the date such amounts
lave been puid into the Treasury Account.

E. Deposit of the Mortgage Shares and the Mortgage Transfer Certificates and other
Fund Assets

On ts Incorpostion Date of he Fund, the Sellers will deliver the Maple Dosds represen
the Mortgage Shares and Mongage Transer Cerifiats subscrbed o the Sociedad Gestora
which vil pocced to deposit he decde with the Financial Agent in accordance wih the
provisions of Financial Service Agrecment

IV2. Servicing of the Mortgage Loans.

124.

In accordance with ici 61 (3) of Royal Decrec 685/1982, of March IT, and in section 26)
of Article 2 af Royal Decres 926/1998, cach Seller undenakes in th Deed of Incoporation of
the Fund, to maintain the cutody and Sevicing of the Mortgage Loans serving s backing for
the Shares and Cenilicates are derived, remuining responsible to undertake whatever actions
a necessary fr the cfecive collection ol the Mongage Lomns. ln any cas the Sociedad
Gestora. on behalf of the Fund, will underako to xercso all powers that, in he case of default
in th payment by the borrower, corespond o th holder ol Shares and Certificates in aio
66 of Royal Decrec 685/1982,

Al taxes, direct or ndirct charges or expenses accrued and incured by th Sellers or those
hat must pass on in relation to the evolution of th sevics of the adminisration of the
Monigage Loans, withost prejuice to ls right to reccive reimbursement from the debtors or
from te Fund in he event o tir recover)

:encral Commitments of he Seller as Administrator

Each Seller, in rain to the Lowns it administes, will declare o the Socidad Cistora ad the
Fund int Doc of Incorporaion of the Fund tral twál:

»


TAS pospciasa Tarso o Engl e oral oleo Inormao alas Sri guaoe aro reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

122.

6) Tak all necessary steps to ensure he performance of Uh Mortgage Loans, including
surtoront o court proccedings, under the conditions set for in his section.

(iy Tak all necessary and indicated measures to preseve or enfore th guarantes and
“er obligaionsaisng from the Monago Loans.

(y Take ito account he interests of the Bond holders in their relations wi hc
horrowers and in the exercise of any discetionary power resulting from the
performance of he services specific in he Dec of Incorporation af the Fund and in
Ah presen sue Prospecta.

(iv) Cary out all essonable instructions from the Sociedad Gestora, in accordance with
th Dee Incorporaion of dh Fund and in the presnt Is Prospectas.

(Y) Perform all actions as muy be necessary to apply for and keep in force licenses,
approvals, uhoristions and consens hat may Bo necessary fr the implementation
bits services.

(vi) Have atttcirisposal sufficient equipment and stato ul ll tir dui.

The Seller, as Administrator of the Mortgage Loans, vil not be responsible for the debts of
the Sociedad Gestora or the Fund, in respect of the Bonds, or of he obligations of any
debtor by vine of the Credit Righs.

Specificall, he Seller, as Mortgage Loan Administrator, will not bo responsible for any.
loss, responsibiliy, claim or expense born or incured by the Sociedad Gestora or the Fund
as a resul of the development by the Seller, of he services established by vierte 0d the
Deed of Incorporation of the Fund and this Prospectus, except when such loss,
responsibility, claim or expense in bom or incured s a result ol negigence or fault of the
Seller, in respec of the Mortgage Loans lt administers, or any fault of the Seller in li
¿bligaions by vine of the Deed of Incorporation of the Fund or this Prospects. In said
events, the Seller will reimburse the Fund jor the Sociedad Gestora for the damages
(usted by the Sociedad Gestora) consequence of aid negligence.

In any event, the Fund, through the Sociedad Gestora will have te legal actions available
against he Seller in the vent of a fault in its obligations in espect of th Contracts
subscribed vit Sociedad Gestor.

Administration o he Mortgage Loans

In the administration of the Mortgage Loans, ach Seller vil dedicate the sam amount and
itention and will exert the same level of ability. detal and diligence in said administran.
as would employ in he administration of mortgage loans not assigned, and in any event.
will exercise a reasonable level of ability, detail and diligence when underaking ts services.

Each Seller, as Mortgage Loan Administrator shall he subjeet to he criteria set fon or the
“administration thereo! in Appendix 7 o the Deed of Incorporaton,alhough lt may modify
such criterio, provided that said modifications do not imply an impaiement ol the
administration of the Mongage Loans, and the Sociedad Gestora is notifica, and th rating
granted to the Bonds by the Rating Agency is not affected,

a]


TAS pospciasa Tarso o Engl e oral oleo Inormao alas Sri guaoe aro reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

Speciically cach Seller, in respect of Mortgage Loan adminitered thercby, will keep under
safe custody all the decds, documents, files and any other ancillary rights of he Mongage
Loans, together with any relevant documents, and shall no relinquish possessio, custody or
control hereof, unless here is prior rien consent from the Sociedad Gestora, in the name
fte Fund, unless ti () in favour of a sub-contrcted or delegated party in accordance
with applicable Law; or (o allow the Seller, as Loan Administrator o bring legal action
forhe enforcement of a Mortgage Loan.

Each Seller, as loan administrator, will continue to collect al! hc amounts due and payable,
by virue of he Mortgage Loans or any accessory right thereto, nd will make is best clon
0 as to ensure that all payment o be mado by te debtors or by any other person, by vinue
of the Mortgage Loans or any accessory right therto, are collected, in accordance with the
terms and conditions o the referred Mortgage Loans, on th corresponding dates

1) Recourse against the Debtors

ln the cvent of delay in the payments from the debtors of the shared Mortgage Loans, cah
Seller, as Loan Administrator, shall take the usual steps to remedy such situntion, described
in Appendix 7 of the Deed of Incorporatin of the Fund, adopting the actions available o 2
reasonably pradent creditor underaking financial operaions in Spain, provided that the
exercise of said faculcs do not affect he management of the Fund, nor the rating of the
Bonds

ln any event and for the event of non-payment by the debtor of the Mortgage loas serving.
as backing lor the isue ol Shares and Cenúlicates included in he Fund, he Sociedad
Gestora, on hehall of the Fund, will underake the exercise o al! hc faculties set forth in
Asilo 66 of Royal Decrec 685/1982.

In the event of section b) of aticie 66 of Royal Decree 685/1982, hc right of adjudication
will correspond to the Seller and th distribution of the price will e cffected us set fort in
said amic

In the event tha any of the cicumstances described in sections c) and d) of ancle 66 of
Royal Dectec 685/1982 take place, and s a consequence, the Sociedad Gestora, on behalf
ol he Fund, is subrogated to the position of the Seller in he procedure initated by the
Seller, or inlites a process of foreclosur, the Sociedad Gestora will sel he affected
propenics in the shortest possble time under market conditions. The relevant Seller will
have the sight to repurchase the properties mongared as guaranice ol the Loans ll
“administors, during the 10 business days from the dale in which the Sociedad Gestora
notiis the inention to sell the propeny. The sight to repurchase will imply tat the Seller
will be able to purchase the properties in the sam condiion t was ofered to the Sociedad.
Gestora.

Al ie options outincd in 1his section in relion to the Shares and Cenificates will be
<aricd out in the terms et forth in Tate IV ol Book IL of Law 1/2000 de Enjuiciamiento
Ci

15


TAS pospciasa Tarso o Engl e oral oleo Inormao alas Sri guaoe aro reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

123.

124.

1) Reconrse against the Sellers

The Sociedad Gestora, on behal of the Fund, will be eniled to exercise enforcement actions
against the Sellers to guarantee the maturity oí he Loan bh for Principal and Ineest when
ib nor-payment o such amount soho result f Uh non payment by the Loan Debtrs

Fusthermor, in th event that any Seller doss not full xs obligtion of he preceding section.
the Fund, tough the Sociedad Gestora, vil take action against such Seller in accordance with
the procedures st fr in he Ley de Enjuiciamiento Civil

Following ib termination of the Mortgage Loans, the Fund, hrough he Sociedad Gestora, wil
maintain the right to take action against dh Sellers until all ts obligaions have been carne

Subcontracting

The Seller in relation to the Mortgage Loans adminiscred thcrby, s etc to subcontract
or delegate to Abird partics Of recogniscd solvency and capacity, the performance of the
¿ties mentioned in Clause 10 of he Deed of Incorporation ol the Fund . provided it is
legally admited under applicable law and (1) wit the prior writen consent of the Sociedad:
Gestora, on behall of the Fund, () the su-contractor or delegate has a rating equal or
higher than ibe rating required by the Rating Agency, and provided hat (li) the
subcontractor or delegate has waived al rights of recourse against the Fund.

ln any exent, neither the Sociedad Gestora nor the Fund Shall assume any liabiligy other
than as assumed hereunder, in respect of any costs or expenses payable or incurred as a
result of the ubcontracting or delegaion or derived from hc termination of any Agreement
in bis regard,

Norwithstanding u subcontract or delegation, the Seller will no be exonerated nor librated
from said subcontrct or delegasion af any ol hc responsbilies undenaken by viue of the
Deed of Incorporation of the Fund.

Replacement of the Seller by the Sociedad Gestora as Administrator of the Shares
and Certificates

ln Ae event that the Sociedad Gestora erfis the breach, by the See, as Mortgage Loan
“administrator, of th obligaions et forh in hi section, or th oscumence af events hal, in
the opinion of the Sociedad Gestora, entil a prejudice or risk to the financial sructure of
the Fund orto the rights and interests of the Bond holders, the Sociedad Gestora will, in
accordance with applicable Law, (1) replace hc Seller as administrator of the Shares and!
Cenificates or () request the Seller o subcontract or delegate the undentaking of said
bligaions o the person that, in the opinion of the Sociedad Gestora, has the appropriate
technical capacity to any out such obligations. The Sociedad Gestora vil ake into account
the proposals made by the Seller in hc designation of a substitute, The Seller vil cary out
such subcontracting or delegation.

Furhermore, it corporate, lega or judicial decision is reached concerning th liquidaion.
dissolution or receivership of the Seller or it requests to be declared subject to legal
bankruptcy procecdings, or in th event of admision of request thretor formulated by 2

16


TAS pospciasa Tarso o Engl e oral oleo Inormao alas Sri guaoe aro reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

1as.

third pay, he Sociedad Gestora will substitute he Seller as administrator of the Monago.
Loans, it pmited under applicable law.

l! permited under applicable Law, th, Sociedad Gestora will, as the case may be, designate
the new administrator of the Mongage Loans once the relevant authorities have been
consulted, o avoid affctig th rating granted to the Bonds by the Rating Agency, and such
“appointmcnt shall be communicated to Ihe str, The Sociedad Gestora may agree with the
ev administrator the amount to be reccived deemed convenient, with charge to th Fund!
and, specifically, to the Seller's individualied account. This amount will be considered am
extraordinary expense and will be paid in accordance vith the priority onder described in
section 42 0f this Prospectus.

E permitted under applicable law, th Seller may request its replacement as administrator of
the Mortgage Loans, and the late shall bear all expenses incurred in such replacement. The
Sociedad Gestora will authorise said replacement when the Seller has idemilicd
replacement and tbc rating awarded o he Bonds by the Rating Agency s not impaired. The
replacement wil bo notificd to the Rating Agency

In the event of replacement, the Seller vil forward
“administrator necessary fr the later to perform its dutis.

documentation to the new

Amendments of the Mortgage Loans

ln accordance with atclo 25 of Royal Decree 685/1982 of March, 174, the Seller is not
ent (without the consent of the Sociedad Gestora) to voluntariy cancel [them for any
¿ler reason other than payment of the Mortgage Loans, to waive or compound them, to
make a novation of the Mortgage Loans, to remit or pardon them partally or in full to
prorogue them or, in general, carry out any act hat might impair or decrease th rank, legal
enforccabilizy or economic value of the Mortgages or the Mortgage Loans except by the
modilicaions oulned in he following paragraph

The Seller, a administrator of 1s Mortgage Loans, wi, from the Incorporation Date of he
Fand, be auhorised, provided that the rating awarded to the Bonds is not impaired, that
payments 0 the Fund are not adversly affected, and that notice s given to the Sociedad
Gestora and by the ler o the Rating Agency, to

(0) Permitsubrogation of the Mongage Loan agreements, provided tha the characteristics
ol he new Borrower sr similar lo those o! he cxising Bomower and that es are
consisten with the criteria contain in the Sellers Internal Memorandum On the
Granting of Mortgage Loans.

(iy Agree with the Mongage Borrowers modificuons in the rate of interest and final

matury of the Loans, provided he commilments taken by the Seller by vinue of the
commitment refemed to in his section a in fal ore

Modifications in the Interest Rate In accordance with the Decd of Incorporation af e Fund!
and in the present Prospects, in tbe event hat Seller agrees to modi the intere in a
Mortgage Loan, and, consequently, of the relevant Share or Coricate hc whole of ordinary
interest acrued by the Mortgage Loan will continue 1 correspond to he Fund.

n


TAS pospciasa Tarso o Engl e oral oleo Inormao alas Sri guaoe aro reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

Each of ti Sellers may renegotiste a reduction in ho margin of the interest rate applicable to

Mortgage Loans 1, provided that the new wcighted average margin of the Mortgage Shares
issued hereby does no ent reduction greuter than 10% of the weighted average margin of
the Mortgage Share issued thrcby, on he Date of Incorporation o he Fund.

Each of ti Sellers may renegotiste a reduction in he margin of the interest rte applicable to
Mortgage Loans 2, provided that the now weighted average murgin ol the Mortgage Tanser
Certificates icuod hereby docs not ent  educton greater han 10% of the wcigitod average
margin ol the Mortgage Transfer Cetfictes isued thrcby, on the Date of Incorpoatio of
ib Fund.

Modificaions in the Final Maturity of the Loans: In accordance with ihe Deod of
Incorporacion of the Fund and the present Prospocts, in Sellers may modify the final date of
maturity for the Montage Loans serving as backing for the Shares and Centiictes issued
thcreby. as long as following conditions are met

3) Tia, in al cases, the peridicty of redemption inalments of he principal of the
Mortgage Loan is maintained or reduced, maintaining hc same redemption system.

BJ That ab mw final mutarity dese of the loans nor later han April 30, 2054, for
Mortgage Loans 1, and April 20, 2044 for Mortgage Loans 2.

€) Tistthe Mortgage Loan to be modifcd has not sulfred delays int payment of due
insialments in he six months porto the modification. and the Mortgage Lou is
currently upto dat its payments

d) That together with the Morgage Lou. tbe relevant decd of amendmnt of the
Mongago Loan is gramed and registered with the Registro de la Propiedad while
prescrving, for fs rank mongages, said rank

€) Tit expenses derived from the amendinent of the Mortgage Loans ae bome by the
«oresponding Seller or loan debor and, ín no event by th Fund.

9 Tias e amos resulting from the sum of Abe initial balance of Abe Shues and
Cenifiats with an extended final matury date des not excecd 5% of the initial
balance ol e Shares and Conificates included in th Fam and coesponding o the
Seller

El ln mo event will he Seller, in lts capacity as administrator of the loans, decide
without prior request rom the mongage borrower, the modification of the final
maturity date of the Mortgage Loan. Th administrator will act, in relation to said
modilicaton, always taking into account te interests of he Fund.

The Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the Fund, wil, at any time during the life of the Fund.
cancel o suspend the modification of th Final maturiy dae on behalf the Seller.

The amendient of he Mortgage Loan will not prevent it from remuiing ajuste to the
Fepresenttions and warranticsincludod in soction IV 4. o is Prospecta

In the event of renegotation of the interest rte of any Mortgage Loan, or modification of s
final maturty, the Seller, as Mortgage Loan adminisirator, wi immediately communicate to

2


TRE EEE EEE TR ENE rar Sata Sara pate
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

the Sociedad Gestora the conditions resulting from said re-negotiaions, without prejudic to
this section of he Prospectusconceming negotition fe interest rate

IVA, Mechanisms for Granting the Mortgage Loans

“The Mortgage Loans have been granted by the Sellers for the purpose of financing vita
Mortgage securty ib acquisition, construction or retoraton of residences located in Spain. A
first o second rank Mortgage on he full owners of ach and every property guarantes said
Joss in question.

On the Incomporation Date. as declared by the Sellers, here are no lawsuis of any kind
vwbatsucver rlting to the Mortgage Loss tt could impar dcir alii

"he Loans have been granted by the Selles in accordance wi ir usual procedo, which

ae deserbod in Appendix 7 of the Deed of Incorporaion of he Fund, Memorandum for the
Granting ol Mongago Loans.

1.3... Historical Information on the Portfolio ol Mortgage Loans
"Th folowing tables show historical information on the Mortgage Credit portfolio f cach of

tb Sellers Information 3 provided on th evolution of the amounts of the mortgage los.
Al the amounts are given in thousand Euro and on December 31st of each yea.

PAT 1000151.1959)151.40 8114001892 1.099.404
> number Hor Mortgage Loans EA a
E vumber o detal os < 90 day CA 22
amor o dba toun < 0 day: PEI TOLDO A

Aran cy ral ZOO BOOT RAS
Rae o ty rep: post poi 10D

> number l Home Mortgage Loans E 10 ass
mor ol dali Tun <90 days 185592 TEST agan

e moon. Los. Posta Qui 2 A E



TIA posacueIs rancio mu Engl orar oleo iormalo” ñas n Span) rue nd repitre
in Earn Nacona sera 0 Yate. ve panas Socótes Mari Conner. “CU Moranta 30 00
a e

AJOS 2088] 498
ais, sae

col ty redcoon poi 1 paa 10D

tome Mortgage Loans ve balance PENNETTA UTN]
> number ol Home Mortgage Loans EE ETE E E

eo rc poi 117 paa on

time Mortgage Los ve balance NA 2817390212628
E vumber o detal loans 90 day AO
mon ol detal Tun < 90 aya 020617 41697895
 netinqueny ae CTE

eo reos pot paa On

Lime Mortgage Loan ive balance [METEO 20320
> number l Home Mortgage Loans END Exa



TAS pospciasa Tarso o Engl e oral oleo Inormao alas Sri guaoe aro reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

And cy ral NA] NA] NAO NANA
NADO NADO NADO ONAOONA,

Tan deamonización acude: pato 1 punto 10,

IVA, Representations and warranties in respect of the Sellers, the Mortgage Shares and
Mortgage Transfer Certificates and the Mortgage Loans

Each of the Sellers as holder of ts Mortgage Lowns, shall represent and warran to the Fund
and to the Sociedad Gestora, regarding lic, he Shares and Cerfiats issued hereby and
regarding the Mortgage Loans seving as backing for he Shares and the Certificates issued
by cach ohm that on he Incorporaton Date of the Fund:

IVAL. With respecto the Sellers

1) That hey are credit insiutions duly incoporated in accordance with applicable law they
are registered with hc Registro Mercantil and hy are authorsed to participate in the
Mortgage Loan Market

2) That they have not been decared subject to bankruptey proccedings as of th date of this
Prospectus nora anytime sine cir incosporation.

3) That they have obtained all of the required authorisations, both administrativo and
corporate, for the valid granting of the Deed of Incorporation and the commitments
underiaken in such decd and the other agreements relating to he incorporation of the
Fund.

4) That they have individual and consolidoted annual accounts for the last three Financial
years, with the favourable opinion, without reserves, of their Auditor, a least for the
previous financial year, albough in respect of Caixa Terrassa, the audit repors for
Financial year 2003 presenta reserve which is not refered to any Circumstance involving.
impairment of lts solvency or credit, AI o the Enttics have filed such annual accounts
“nd sud reports wit the CNMV and wi he Commercial Registr.

5) They compl vih applicable law regarding det protection.

IVAZ2. — With respect o the Shares and Certificates

1) That he Shaes and Comifiatos ar issued in accordance with Law 2/1981, Royal Decrec
685/1982 and Adeitional Provision ol Law 3/1904 in the wording set out by anicle 18
df Law 44/2002 and other applicable legisltion and satisfy all requirements set fort
herin for th issue of the Mortgage Shares and Mortgage Transfer Certificate; and in
particular that tbc issue of the Shares satisfcs the provisions of amcles 59 and 62 of
Royal Decree 685/1932, vih respect to the amount of morigage warants issued by the
relevant Seller, The Mortgage Shues are issucd with the protection of Ahe Mongage
Lowns 1, saisying all the requirements in Section II of Law 2/1981 and Chapter 2.08

se


TAS pospciasa Tarso o Engl e oral oleo Inormao alas Sri guaoe aro reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

Royal Decree 685/1982, and the Motgago Transfer Certficmes are issued with the
protection ol the Mortgage Loans 2, which do not mest the requirement of Section IL of
aw 2/1981 and Chapter 2 o! Royal Deerce 685/1982, all of which in secordance with the
provisions of Additional Provision of Law 3/1994 in the wording sc out by ack 1801
Law 44/2002.

That the relevant representative bodies of the Sellers have vaidly adopted al of the
necessary agreements for th issuance of the Share and Comifiats.

With respect to the Mortgage Loans derived from thc Shares and Certificates
Portfolio included in the Fund.

That the Morgage Loans exit, are valid and enforccable in accordance with
“applicable law, and that all of th applicable legal provisins have been observed in
A gran treo.

"hat th Soller has right, tie and interest in and to the vol o he Mortgage Loans,
“and ter is no hindrance to th isue of the comesponding Shares and Ceniiates
*latrepresent hc Montage Lowns.

"That the datarelaig to the Mortgage Loans included in Appendix 4 oh Decd of
Incorporation af th Fund, the appendx af the Deed ol Incorporaion of the Fund.
granted on th Disbursemen Date for he replacement of the Shares and Centfiats,
“and tc deta included in the Multiple Decds rellet the Current situation on the
Incorpoation Date of the Fund and the Disbursement Date, as included in the
computer les o such Loans, and that aid dat ao Cort, complete and do no cad
o any sort of misepresentation. Further, amy additional informuion on tho
taracteisios of the Loan pontolio af the Seller contained in this Prospecs le
«omect and is ot misicading

le shall undhermore represent tt all Mongage Loans acerue interest floating rates
oswilstanding te fat tt for an initial period a fixed mae may have boen agrecd
upon, and may have caps and/or Moor over applicable interest rats

"That none of the Mongage Loans contains causes which allow a defrral of payment
of iterest or principal.

That all Mortgage Loans ae fully withdrawo, and ae denomintod and payable in
Eso.

That the Montage Loans 1 were granted for the purpose of financing with a
Mortgage security the acquisition, construcion or retoration of rsidences located in
Spain

That the Mortgage Loans 2 were granted for the purpose of financing with a
Mortgage security he acquisition, construcion or restoion of residences, both fee
market and council house, located in Spain. Regardng mortgage loss granted over
protected council houses bese have been executed taking ino account he apprased
market value of such resdences, and there s mo loan whercin, taking into account

»


TAS pospciasa Tarso o Engl e oral oleo Inormao alas Sri guaoe aro reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

such market appraied vasc, the Outstanding Nominal Balance of th loans excoeds
1003 of sui apprisal value

That al Mongage Loans are secured by a rel estate mortgage ol fis rank (or
second rank for cer loa included in he Mortgage Loans 2, provided that in such
case the mortgage credito s the same Seller and the sum of the outstanding nominal
“amount does no exceed 100% of he appraisal value of the Mortgage Loans 2) over
te full tito each and every one old propetis in question.

That all mongages are dely constted and registred with the comesponding
Propeny Registros, whose complete registration data coespond o those mentioned
in Appendix 4 of the Decd of lncorporaton of the Fund and in the Multíle Deede.
Registration of ti propetics sn force and unchallnged,

"That the mortgage debtors hase full right, ide and interest over the whole of the
propenies on which the Morigages are constiued (propenies which full hc
requirements of article 27 of Royal Decree 685/1982), and the Sellers are not are
fl existence of any laws reating to tl of such propemos

"That sl the mortgaged residences have been subjec lo prior appraisal by Appraial
Companies daly registered with th Bank of Spain, and ha hc appaisals have been
“appeopiatey comic. Such appraials fl all requirements set lots in legisiton
“applicable to the mortgage market, taking into account tha, in hc cas ol protected
úowncil housing, the market appesial value has been taken as appsisal value of he
mongaged residence.

Tas outstanding nominal balance pending matury of cach Mortgage Loan 1 docs
os excood S0S% of he appraisal value ol 1ho mongagod properties in guarateo ol
ach Morgage Loan 1, o the dat of he issue of the Morgage Share

Tas outstanding nominal balance pending matury of cach Mortgage Loan 2 does
mot xceod 1OXVE ol the apprisal value ol tbc mortgaged properties in guaranteo ol
ach Morgage Loan 2, o the dat of he issue of the Morgage Transfer Cerificates

That the Sellers are not aware of any reduction of more than 20% of th apprsisal
value of th valuc of any of th properties

"That all properties subject to mongage have damages insurance, the insured amount
covering cbr the appralsal value of the properties (cxcluding clements which are,
"oy nature, uninsurabl, Le. the value of the land), or the outstanding balance of ho
Joan on November, 2004.

That the information submited by the Sellers regarding Ahe insurance against
damages taken by the mortgage debtors and any other ancllay rights elating o he
Mortgage Loans is complet and accurate, and isa fall representaion of reality,
as far st Seller sacro

That the Sellers are not aware of any Sure to pay án ful th insurance premium
ferro in paragraph (16) and (17),

s


TAS pospciasa Tarso o Engl e oral oleo Inormao alas Sri guaoe aro reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

1.

20

2

a

a

35

2%

2

2

2.

aL

That the Mortgage Loss do not meet any of th conditions or excluded or restricted
red under amcle 32 of Royal Decree 685/1982 to cover the issue of Mongage
Securis

That the Mortgage Loans have beon granted to individuals and following market
rita. Some of the aforementoncd loans result from te replacement of he debror
in contractor loans

"That th criteria contained in the Memorandum On The Granting of Morgage Loans,
included as Appendix 7 of the Deed ol Iscoporaion of the Fund, are th Sellers
romal precie in the graning ol Mongage Losms, and are legal.

That the criteria contuined in the above-mentioned Memorandum On The Graming
of Mortgage Loans have been falhfll followed.

"hat th Mortgage Loans have been exccuted as public decds

That all public desd refering to mongages on housing and to tho Mortgage Lowns
are duly deposited with he Seller, andare available to he Sociedad Gestora. Albo
Lians ae clearly identifica, in computerisd files as well as íntir decds, and they
“re subject o analysis and monitoring by the Seller

That all Loans are and have been serviced by the Seller in accordance with tir
vsual procedures for the sevicng ol Mortgage Loans.

That there is no ligation whatsocver rlaing to Ahe Mortgage Loans that might
impair th validuy tbercof or which may force the aplicaon ol ace 1,535 of the
(Cil Code, and at hey are unavare ol he existence ol circumsancos at muy
sul in the fulre of the purchase agreement of dh montgaged propety backing ho
Mortgage Loans

That none ofhe Mortgage Loans have payments ovendue by over 0 days.

"That te Seller, on the Incoporation Date of he Fund, is not aware of he existence
of any dear ol the Mortgage Loans which, pursuant to 4 holding a ceda right
against the Seller, sin a posiuon to ost, vihout predice to th fact hat any ol
he debtors of the Mongage Loans should claim oficting, the Seller ball
communicate this 1 the Sociedad Gestora, and must pay to e Fund the amount
corresponding to the Fund in the ofÍet amount, pls any damages caused. as he case
may be, o the Fund, which must be duly cvidenced to the Seller

That no Recipien can lsim any exception or detence agains the Seller as regarde
te payment of any amount rlaing o the Mortgage Loans

That there are mo cirumstances Uh might jeopardiso the enforcement of the
Mortgage guarantos rain to he Losas.

"That no person has a right preerenial to that of the Fund, in ts capacity a holder of

the Morgage Shares and Mortgage Transfer Ceráficaes s regards th collection of
the amount aisng from the Mongage Loans, cxccptng prefcrenal legal mghts

si


TAS pospciasa Tarso o Engl e oral oleo Inormao alas Sri guaoe aro reparada
ive “Como Nacion el Moca 0 Vales" no Spansh Secunes Mal Cormison, “CMV Noventor 5, 204
Tie Fett toma” ated o Sram uo ls on all omar arde domen aber an Falo
rea a ey ol ete o rt o vr e o.

32 Thu in respect of the portfolio provided by cach Seller, the maximum risk level
granted to a single montage shall not excced 344,583.07 Euro.

33. That be Mortgage Loans are not carmarked forthe issue of mortgage bonds, and that
following he isue o he Share and Certificates, vil not be carmarked for any issue
of mongage warrans, morgage bonds, shares or aer centfiates

IVA3.1. Homogencity of the Loans

The mortgage louns backing the Mortgage Shaes and Monago Transfer Conificates incl
in tbe Fund have been granted by Spamish credit ei, wal the purpose of financing the
acquisition, construction and estration f housing, following the standard mark analysis and
granting criteria. Thus, all Mongage Louns included in the Fund may be considered
homogencons

1V432. - Information on the audited portfolio

The following tables show the disibuion of he audite loans a per geographical location
of he security, date of execution, current balance, current rat, residual maturity, aprisa!
value and detail at. Said tables hac been dratcd vit information as af November 9,2003.

7 loans have been climinated from the total aucited portfolio, with a balance as af the
aforementincd date amounting to 429.32375 Euro in the following tables, as hey are not
<ligbl

ss


Information as o 09/11/2004

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE
(Grouped by issue date)
“GROUP 1

currenr  wecmtEo  MEÍGHTED  WEIGHTED Min Max

TOTAL CURRENT AVERAGE AVERAGE CURRENT CURRENT

Issue DATE SALaNcEcunOS BALANCE AVERACEINTIAL Elmo — CURRENT INTEREST INTEREST

TERM (months) INTEREST RATE

944-1085
2.098.901,12
5.545.590,48

13.249.217.87
16.704.023,11
15,550.730.72
ATA 2782
51116.509.20

173230.194.40
15856.71340

314.070.37266



Information as ot09/11/2004

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE

(Grouped by current balance)
GROUP 1

weiemreo  WEIGHTED — WEIGHTED AVERAGE Min Max
CURRENT BALANCE TOTAL CURRENT — CURRENT ,yUticenena AVERAGE AVERAGE CURRENT CURRENT CURRENT
EUROS BALANCE EUROS — BALANCE REMAINING CURRENT BALANCE — INTEREST INTEREST

TERMImonti=) TERA (months) INTERESTRATE — EUROS

'000- 15.000,00 1070030
15.000.00- 30.000,00 2381546
30.000,00 - 45.000,00 4108971
45.000,00 - 60.000,00 5230214
50.000,00 -75.000,00 6798841
75.000,00 - 9.000,00 42314788,12 8207502
90.000,00 - 105.000.00 37 68921801 9784324
105.800,90- 120.000.00 33760.025.49 11269727
120.000,90- 135.000.00 3404147688 12669047
135.800,90 - 150.000.00 20:431590,50 14201862
150.000,90 - 165.000.00 15.379.346.55 18705276
165.000,0 - 180.000.00 8388.356,12 17127008
180.000,00- 195.000.00 524004925 187227.60
195.000,0 -210.000.00 450644913 200,344.95
210.000,00- 225,900.00 5as42123 214.820.
225.000.00- 240.900.90 927.386.50 292028.98
240.000,00- 255,900.00 987.084, 246.65,34
255.000,00- 270,900.90 25911330 250.113,0,
270.900,90- 285,900.90 21054826 21054826
200.000,00- 315,900.00 909.785.40 30227858
315.000,00- 230.900 0 az 87456 32144298
Más de 320000.00 57847547 10554285

3907 314.970:372:5 10031747



Information as of 09/11/2004

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE

(Grouped by Remaining Term)
GROUP 1

WEIGHTED Max.
WIEIGHTED. WEIGHTED AVERAGE
TOTAL CURRENT CURRENT AVERAGE Min. CURRENT — CURRENT
REMAINING TERM NUM sALANCEEUROS BALANCE % Av cacanor REMAINING TERM CURRENT INTEREST rERESTRATE > INTEREST
TERA (monto) A RATE

TEO 08 9
42023490
544.73601

2360.772.0
427712329
5391974,16
6121:14420
8.306.417.90
16.804.527.44
1091822382
772489976
10.475.095,48

22981.14992

12778.543.59
2367.044,93
54431506

27.780.509.11

11249.82273
2783:89.40
4,568.555.24

62.893.972.96
79.315.996.97
208,018.95
2154199
314.070.372.5

se


Information as of 09/11/2004

'AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE
(Grouped by location property)

pea!
O EE Z
wEsoNTEO tin. CURRENT

e TOTAL CURRENT — CURRENT AVERAGE AVERAGE CURRENT

PROPERTY PROVINCE mum lA cecOnOs saLance% AVERAGE NITAL Gema Cuneo INTEREST renesr
ER (no TEREST TE ae

ES ro En Ea Ea Ea Ea
[cuen ES 2 ES 3 ES] E
oo: 5 Sima da El zm Sa 5 ss
Earceiona nee Ta sa EN 33 20 ia
Cacenes a an os Se Ss sa Sa s5
oz 20 asma E] E E] Ad 5%
[Carrara eee EN E 35 3 375
[recon E da sa Sa Sa 35
[ESruosa EE E] 2 35 5 5%
[ssssos 18 mamma a ES 2 Sn za 500
SSADAL Ara 2 mames 0 E se 35 E pe
META Da O El E BA 5 pe
Las maz e 20 196 Sn 2 50
[Aconuna Ls da EN 3 Sa Sa 55
lAs paumas mo mamar E se 394 35 9
Eno 2 Táraznens 0 E EN Sos 3 Sa
EN) SA Es EN 3 5 E]
DALaoa de mana an E 20 394 27 59
(EAN ee EN E 3% Sa pe]
Evora esas O EN eN 3 35 5%
E E e 33 sa 39
ES 2 OS ds E Ed 3 5 5
[eiicona a sas EN En 33 za pa]
hoteoo 2 ases o En 7 33 32 pe
[hiena E tro za El pS 3 PE
orar Ss ear En En 37 22 400

o


Information as of 09/11/2004

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE
(Grouped by current Interest Rate)
GROUP 1

TERMIMONtDS) TER (months) INTEREST RATE

12005 270.23
255.529-192,56
42:581.877.30
293899088
355.089.68

314.070.37256



Information as of 09/11/2004.

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE
(Grouped by Loanto Value)
GROUP 4

wescirzo wears METEO oro Ms cur
LOANTO VALUE xOTALcuRnENT cumnewT AVERAGE Avenaos AVERAGE ¿vence Loan cumnenr MOE CURRO
ano BALANCE EUROS. BALANCED INTALTERM — REMANNO TOVALUE  Irenest s

(months) TERM(montns) INTEREST mare

Menos e 10.00
1010-1540
1500-2040
2000-2500, 1371.12393
25.00-20.90, 3903287.20
3000-3500 71857053
3500-4010 asraos13o
40.00-45.90, 12500819.92
45.00-50.90, 1855578025
5000-5600 2276204238
5500-60./0 29:171:12883
5000-6500 3287711320
55,00-70.90, 35294.400.43
7000-7500 21622779.20
1500-2000 11843408212
314.070.37256

a


Information as of 09/11/2004

UDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE
(Grouped by Reference Interest Rato)
GROUP

200.721.215
540.259:42
54.716.517.77
130.541.098.81
15.055.360,50
51797908
249,191.97

94.9600.532,38
265.760.82
80.328:997.27
711579322
809:324.37
246,556.70

9.482598.72
9772521
951,786.80
8.062.896.88
289.327.246
20.921,59
314.070.37265 100



Information as of 09/11/2004

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE
(Grouped by next reset of the interost period)
GRUPO 1

ul BALANCE EUROS BALANCE “rem qmanio]. REMAININO CURRENT TEST INTEREST
, TERM (months) INTEREST RATE

300247104
3822129291
32997.969,70
38.941740,50
2725439420
323978.545.98
20.022.924,57.
16.320.567,59
28.910.362.54
15960.229,77
15420.41973
16592.589.21

48.10607

5146874

3907 314.070.372,65

ES


Information as of 09/11/2004

DELINQUENCY
(months)

Num

3907

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE

WEIGHTED.
INITIAL,
MATURITY
(months)

WEIGHTED.
RESIDUAL.
MATURITY

(months)

TOTAL CURRENT CURRENT
BALANCE EUROS BALANCE %

299.194.391,75.
12.509.892 98
140228581
963.80211

14.O7O.37Z65 100

WIEIGHTED.
AVERAGE
CURRENT.
INTEREST

RATE

Min.

CURRENT

INTEREST
RATE

Max

CURRENT

INTEREST
RATE



Information as of 09/11/2008

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE

current  wemrED  WEGHTED — WEIGHTED Min Max.

TERM(months) INTERESTRATE — RATE RATE

13582220
108.013,56
3722058
322501,3
1.528.216:92
1.439.960.92
2711947,14
2220.970.26
4929071128
177.30451979
22978:229,15

28.181.479,19 100

9


Information as of 09/11/2004

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE
(Grouped by current balan
GROUP 2

WEIGHTED — WEIGHTED AVERAGE Min Ma
CURRENT BALANCE toTALcumnenT CURRENT _MEIHTED AVERAGE AVERAGE — CURRENT CURRENT CURRENT
unos ALAN coños. PALANO REMAMINO CURRENT BALANCE INTEREST INTEREST

TERMmonttS) TERM (months) INTEREST RATE — EUROS

00- 15.000.00 22220425 10.595,80
15,000.00 - 20,900.00 TABOTTAT 2297553
30.000,00 - 45,000.00 4175320159 36242.53
45,000.00 - 60,000.00 5280.982.94 5208261
50.000,00 - 75,000.00 10.911.599.34 58016,14
75.000,00 - 90,000.00 14.685.197.20 8273290
90,000.00 - 105,000.00 2351121959 98.144,11
105,000.90 - 120,000.90 36.265.242.57 12:141:16
120,000.90 - 135,000.00 41.961.541.05 127.598:23
135,000.90 - 150,000.00 3782127929 16232106
150,000.90 - 165,000.00 3348173950 157.309,13
165,000.90 - 180,000.00 21.502051.29 17219950
180,000.90 - 195,000.00 1141109140 197.154.98
195,000.90 - 210,000.00 7453.939,54 201,594.51
210,000.00 - 225,000.00 4369.249,17 218.51282
225,000.00 - 240,000.00 1.52017097 231,529.59
240,000.00 - 255,000.00 977,552.24 244,402.49
255,000.00 270,000.00 1.031.52557 287,900.10
285,000.00 - 300,000.00 1.170.18420 292.509.92
315,000.00 - 230,000.00 547,021.75 223.62638
330,900.00 - 245,000.00 344,589.07 244,589.07

ES 129.940,10

9


Information as of 09/11/2004

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE
(Grouped by Remaining Term)
GROUP 2

CurrenT  weGmTEo  MEÍGHTED  WElGHTED min, Max,

(months) — INTERESTRATE — RATE RATE

Menos de 45.00 ATOST SO 002
45.90-60.00 1251018 000
50.00-7500 31872320 012
75.90-90.00 49709458 002
90.00- 105.00 121:35343 005
105.00 - 120.00 50052120 023
120.00. 135.00 188.069/88
135.00 - 150.00 392.008,82
150.00. 165.00 9155599 0%
165.00. 180.00 85056953 092
180.00 - 195.00 TiLot8S8 027
195.00 - 210.00 89308294 093
210.0-225.90 4259:30599 159
225.00 - 240.00 20850125 108
240.00 - 255.00 1STTSI927 059
255.0-270.90 126970088 047
270.0-285.90 15.829:158:37 590
285.0 - 300.00 803976845 300
200.00 -315.90 107822537 040
315.0 - 390.00 219125295 082
330.0 - 345.00 10292902721 3838
345.0 - 360.90 B12AD11554 303
260.00 -375.00 41325000 015
375.0 -390.90 3BtE7ODO 014
390.00 - 405.00 1420567,30 053
405.00 -420.00 AAGTSITAT 187
420.00 -4350 155527415 058
435.00-450.%0 73050670 028
450.00 - 485.00 89737850 335
465.00 - 480.00 2385057178 090
TOTAL 2778 268181479,19 100

97


Information as of 09/11/2004,
AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE

(Grouped by location property)
EXTA

WEIGHTED.
AVERAGE
REMAINING

TERA (months)

CURRENT WEIGHTED

TOTAL CURRENT

PROPERTY PROVINCE ii

BALANCE AVERAGE INITIAL
TERM (months)

MOSS
6770.50
121039207
4,155588.88
119.897.445:93
37778106
189:461.77
7.172890/8
901315
936.499.17
1587.610.54
7724308:97
32186731
543.092.86
179.268:45
796,000.19
9467411
3556.394,04,
3:108.508.80
7.360.384, 93
5827098722
488521951
100.852 95
16.627.084 61
150270842
654397262
13.588.560.50
1.538.832.83
295.624.77
5930.490.02

209181.479,19 100

se

WIEIGHTED.
AVERAGE
CURRENT.

INTEREST RATE

Min.

CURRENT.

INTEREST
RATE

Max.
CURRENT.
INTEREST



Information as of 09/11/2004

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-

(Grouped by current Inte
GROUP 2

WEIGHTED.

WEIGHTED. Min Max,

CURRENT weiHreD  MEGHTED AVERAGE ye eo

BALANCE AVERAGE INIMIAL AVERAGE CURRENT CURRENT CURRENT
% — TERM(months) INTEREST

TERM (months)

CURRENTINTEREST TOTAL CURRENT
BALANCE EUROS

190.976.525.81

38.501.921.39

10.895:919,40
TI2ZTTSAS
268.181.479:19 100



Information as of 09/11/2004

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE
(Grouped by Loan to Value)
GROUP 2

WEIGHTED

CURRENT wetwteo averace — WESHTED AVERAGE — WEIGMTED — ¿yn Ma

TOTAL CURRENT AVERAGE

a CURRENT CURRENT
emir un Pass Ca nido NAF, CURRENT AVERAGELOAN

INTEREST INTEREST

INTEREST TO VALUE RATIO Mpnest INTERES

TERM (months) — INTERES

30 200129979
80.0-85.00 28.257.889,93
85.00-90.00 59.453208,33
90.90 -95.00 51.779.209.3
9590 -100.00 8578952131

268.181.479

SUBSIDIZED PROPERTIES INCLUDED IN THE AUDITED PORTFOLIO.
(By Current Balance Ratio/Taxation)
GROUP 2

WEIGHTED.
WEIGHTED. Min. Max.
CURRENT WEIGHTED AVERAGE AVERAGE — WEIGHTED
CURRENT BALANCE TOTAL CURRENT AVERAGE 0 CURRENT CURRENT
RENT BALANO TOTAL CURRENT BALANCE — INITIAL TERM CURRENT - AVERAGE LOAN

r REMAINING INTEREST INTEREST
% (months) enn nor) — INTEREST. TO VALUE RATIO

RATE
30 ASIZOS7 A

80.0-85.00 1.189.489.52
85.00-90.00 204724226
90.90.9510 154521621
9500 - 100.0 154510901

28:60.12544

100


Information as of 09/11/2004

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE

(Grouped by Reference Interest Rato)
GROUP

CuRREnT  weiHTeo  WEGHIED

TOTAL CURRENT AVERAGE
REMAINING
TERM (months)

REFERENCE INDEX BALANCE AVERAGE INITIAL
OS e e monte]

65.544 282.09
96.269.946.28
5380872343
2.709.068 56
7.183.090:0

88.124.05450
73.508.80875
13.099.155.9
863.12074
453,017.98
19.951,94

1.514:474,79
9559920
464.457.02
990.449.27
153.97530
208.181-479,19 100

101

WEIGHTED.
AVERAGE
CURRENT

INTEREST

WEIGHTED.
AVERAGE
MARGIN

min.

CURRENT

INTEREST
RATE

Max.

CURRENT

INTEREST
RATE



Information as of 09/11/2004

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE

(Grouped by next reset of the interest period)
GROUP 2

NEXTINTEREST WEIGHTEO  WEGHTED — WEIGHTED Min. Max,

TERM(months) INTEREST RATE RATE

14.045.354 58,
14.138.991 .99
14.065.326.99
1718132308
14.843996,12
12.269.384
553091148
5703986.31
7305:443.87
8196294.33
1640157044
23.320.561.38
13592.471.90
1240576276
8195623.6
8541.588,72
794410543
7343,876.02
13.888.902 34
14.783703,14
14.850.224.01
840.044.48
2.193.590.
3/000982.31
1:168:31075
1227 504.88
768,870.70
1.766.047.57
1.008.774.00
61,308.08
320.369.12

209.181.679,19 100



Information as of 09/11/2004

DELINQUENCY
(months)

AUDITED PORTFOLIO, TDA 22-MIXTO ISSUE
(Grouped by delinquency)
GROUP 2

WEIGHTED.
TOTAL CURRENT CURRENT INMIAL
BALANCE EUROS BALANCE % — MATURITY

(months)

WEIGHTED.
RESIDUAL.
MATURITY

(months)

255.237.58598,
11492367,17
114853129
30299478

209.181.479,19

103

WIEIGHTED.
AVERAGE
CURRENT.
INTEREST

Min. CURRENT. Max, CURRENT
INTEREST INTEREST


TH pOspacus Ea rana ia Ems ae oranal Fale Inirmalo"Jated n Spanish laos and repr pi
ino “Como Macon el loca de Vals” ino Span Satutas Atl Cormin, "CMA Nora 3,204.
ie Foto ica dedo Sri uds e on abc docmen nd Some olas an Falo
incl ahaha ny ol ade ol srt sa mt rg le Bonos.

CHAPTER Y

FINANCIAL AND ECONOMIC INFORMATION RELATING TO
THE FUND TDA 22-MIXTO

Vat. Hnitial Balance of the Fund, Table of Assumptions and Estimated Behaviour of the
Financial Flows of the Fund.

Initial Balance of he Fund.

Tn po so Bonos Ma 20730000
Bonos Ab 52000
Morgue Share somos oros 000
Monge Traer Criicaos 39999952 Bonoscl 370090
Bonos DI 270000
Bonos Aa 165900
Bonos Ab sscoo0
Bonos 2 1aso0co
oros 2 pee
Bonos 2 Su

Valaro 2065
Valor102 ras
Oberon ecos 1003000 Préstamo Casto Iniciales? 07000
Dro ar ESE

V.LL. Assumptions

The tables below refer to three of the possible assumptions (constant prepayment rats of
5%, 10% and 158%) that, in respec of the income and payments made by the Fund, might
occur during the if of the Fund and the securitis issue.

For th calcultion of the financial servi table of the Fund, data have been taken from the
pontolio efered o in hc preceding Chapter 1V.3.2 on October 21, 2004.



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

Relating to the Shares and Certificates

+ Volume of he Loan Portfolio from which the Loans underlying the issue of Morgago:
Shares and Morigage Transfer Cenilficates will be selected: 582681,175,59 om
November 9,2004.

Mongage Shares 314,324:681.53- Euro
Montage Transfer Cetfiats: 268.356.494.06. Euro

+ Maximum amount of Outstanding Nominal Balance that the Shares will represent in the
Date of Incorporation of the Fund: 286.000.000 Euro.

+ Maximum amount of Outstanding Nominal Balance that the Certificates will represent
in the Date of Incorporation oFthe Fund: 244.000.000 Euro.

+ Interest Rate: the weighted average interest rte for the Mortgage Shares” portfolio ie
3.72%, and 3.50% for the Mongage Transter Cerifices, wihout prejudice to the
sovisionswbich will be performed in accordance wit he allowing paragraph

+ The interest rate of the Mortgage Loans on cuch period: the interest ate in force for
cach loan for cach period sall be applicd. Alter the month on which the interest rte of
the Monago Louns is o be reviewed for the first time, he margin in force for cach
period shall e applicd to cach of hem over th reference rat in force at th time.

+ Weighted average initial life of the Shares contained in the portfolio: 273 months. For
Certficates ts 347 months

+ Anal carly redemption rte: assumption S%, 10% and 15%

+ An annual percentage of delay wilhout Default of 06 is assumed for Shares and
Cemifictes, 1. he portfolio of Shares and Certificates would not reach the default
vels provided in scetions 111.1 and 1111.22. for Shaes and sections 111.3. aná
L11.32 for Ceriictes, so that the financial Service tables reflecthe application 0 the
redemption rules provided in section LIL. for Shures and section ILIL3.1 for
Cemúficutes

+ An annual percentage Share Default rue: 0,3% is assumed for Defaulted Mongage.
Shars, from Dicember 2005, and 75% recovertes from the defauted stock a year later
The same assumpiion applies to Mongage Transfer Conificates

Bonos:

+ Total Amount: 530.000.000. Euro.

-Class 1
Ala Bonds: — 217.800.000. Euro.
Alb Bonds: — 57.200.000. Euro. The sssumptions hercunder tal that the Alb.

Bond subscriber has disbursed the nominal amount thercol, as the dierence between
te former and th isue price hs been disbursd by th subscribcr af Security 1O-1

105



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

BI Bonds: — 4.600.000. Euro.
CI Bonds 300,000. Euro
DI Bonds: 2:700.000. Euro.
Class:
Ala Bonds: — 168.900.000. Euro.
Ad Bonds: — 48.800.000. Euro. The sssumptions hercunder eta that the AZb,
Bond subscriber has disburscd the nominal amount thercol, as the diference betwcen
te former and the isue price has been disbursed by th subscriber of Security 10-2.
2 Bonds: 14,600,000. Euro.
C2 Bonds: 6.000,00. Euro
D2 Bonds: SON000. Euro.
- Interest Rate: Variable annual interes o be puid quacrly. The Bond's interest rate is
ib result of the following sum: an EURIBOR rate of 2.71%, a margin of 0.15% for
Ala Bonds, a margin of 021% for Alb Bonds (in accordance with the segregation
described in section IL12 of the Prospectus), a margin o£ 0.376 for B1 Bonds, a margin
01 0.75% for CI Bonds, a margin of 3.50% for DI Bonds, a margin of 0.16% for Ala
Bonds, a margin of 0.24% for A2b Bonds (in accordance with th segregation described!
in section IL12 of the Prospectus), a margin of 0.45% for B2 Bonds, a margin of 085%
for C2 Bonds and u margin f 4.00% or D2 Bonds.
Segregation of AIb and A2b Bonds (Security 10-1 and Security 1O-2)
»— Secury 10.1
- Subscription price: 2.476.509.- Euro.

- On cach Payment Date: payment of an amount equal to Payment 10-1, in
“accordance with the provision of section 12.

+ Secury 102
- Subscription price: 1.446.482.- Euro.

- On cach Payment Date: payment of an amount equal to Payment 102, in
“accordance with the provision ol section 12.

Other Deposited Resources.

The dillerence between Ahe amount corresponding to the issue af the Securitics and the
balance of tho Share and Cenificates acquired by the Fund is includod tnder th heading
“Other Deposited Resources”. This amount, 0.54 Euro in the preceding balance, will be
deposited at the Treasury Account until the first Payment Date, date in which 4 will be
allocated in ful to he Bonds" redemptin,

106



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

Subordinated Losn 1

+ Amount 1.200.000. Euro, The amount of the Loan will be used by the Sociedad
Gestora to cover ho diference, on he fist Payment Date, between interest acrual and!
payment of he Monago Shares.

+ Interest Rate: Subordinated Loan 1 bcars a floating annual interest rate equal to the
Reterence Interest Rate of he Bonds during such period plus a margin o 0,75%

+ Redemption: Redemption of Lown 1 will take place on cach Payment Date by a
reduction of he outstanding principal in relation to the need for resources to coer the
difference between the accraal and payment of interest ol hc Mortgage Shars.

Subordinated Loan 2

+ Amoun: 1.000.000. Euro. The amount of the Loan will bo used by the Sociedad
¡Gestora to coner the difieence, on the fist Payment Date, between accrual and
payment af interest of he Mongoge Transfer Ceniicates

+ Interest Rate: Subordinated Loan 2 bears a floating annual interest rat equal to the
Reference Interest Rate of he Bonds daring such period plos margin 1 0.75%

+ Redemption: Redemption of Lown 2 will take place on cach Payment Date by a
reduction of the outstanding principal in relation to the need for resources to cover th
difference between accrual and payment of imerest of the Mortgage Transfer
Cenificaes.

1 Expenses Loan 1

+ Amount: 324,765:6.- Euro. The amount of the Loan will be used pay Uhe initial
expenses of he Fund corresponding to the Class 1 Bonds.

serest Rate: the Loan bears Moating annual interest ate equal to the Reference.
Interest Rate of the Bonde during such period plus margin 00.75%

+ Redemption: Redemption of he Initial Expenses Loan will e made in 20 consccutive
and cqual instalments, the first of which will take place on the first Payment Date
(March 29, 2005) ad ihe res on th following Payment Datos

1 Expenses Loan 2

+ Amount: 307.440.- Euro. The amount of the Loan will be used pay th initial expenses
of Ae Fund comesponding to the Class 2 Bonds.

+ Interest Rate: the Loan bears a Mosting annual imerest rte cqual to tho Reference
Interest Rate of the Bonds during such period plus margin of 0.75%

+ Redemption: Redemption of he Initial Expenses Loan will e made in 20 consccutive
and equal instalments, the first of which will take place on the first Payment Date
(March 29, 2005) and the res on the following Payment Dates

107



Ep q idear edo pl
a o

Reserve Funds 1 and 2: Provided with the subscription price for Security 10-1 and
Security 102, and Participating Loan 1 and Paricipating Loan 2. Reduction of Reserve
Funds 1 and 2 shall be determined by he Minimum Level of Reserve Fund 1 and 2,
respectively. The amount thorco? shall be invested in the Treasury Account of the Fund ata
rate of EONIA -0.35%.

Reinvestment of the Flows: Th cash Nowsteccivod by the Fund (principal and interest of
the Loan portolios) will be reinvested a an interest rte equal to EONIA -0,35%.

ess: Fees for the Sociedad Gestora. On cach Payment Dat, fixed fec of 18.750 Euro plus
14 01 0.0320%% of the Outstnding Nominal Balance pending matuity ol the Shares and
Cenificates at th beginning of the Collection Period. ts assumed hercunder that there are
o additional expenses for th Fund,

V12, Table of Income and Expenses of the Fund.

IMPORTANT NOTE FOR THE INVESTOR
The information in hc folowing table is provided for information purposs only. and the amounis
mentioned there do not represent pañiculr payment oblizaions by the Fund to third parties on the
omesponding dates o periods to which they refr. The data have been calculated under assumptions
of constan default a prepayment rats throughout he life o tbe Fund, but which in reality are
Subject to continuous change: iherefre, any investor interested in Knowing the expected payment
schedule an any paticular dae hos request portinnt information fon the instaon athorised
lo distribu lt he Sociedad Gestora, ALAF market and the CNMV. Nomwilhtanding the oregoing
his information i lso avllble those) the Underwrites and ate active in th «econdary market
Furihcrmore, ts interest ate ol ihe Bonds used for purposes f he calculan int following able
of he financial service of the Fund might not coincide with the rte awarded on the Disbursement
Date. The Financial Servico Table in Euro is shown fo information parposes only as ll payments of
interest and principal f the Bonds, together with th fee, will be efíctd, from the Disbuescment
Date, in Euro, currency in which th securiis have been issued,

108














TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

V.13, Time Schedule of the Fund

Incorporation Date: December 1, 2004. Incorporation of the Fund, Issue and Subscription by
th Fund of the Shares and Contficates and issue of the Securities.

Disbursement Date: December 9, 2004. Disbursement of the Securiics and payment of the
Shares and Cenificates, Beginning ol the accaal of interest on th Shares and Certificates and
the Securitics issued,

Calculation Periods of the Selles: Calendar months. Setlement of amounts collected from
borrowere shall made to the Fund according to such monthly period.

Collection Dates of the Fund: Transfer by the Sellers, a loun administrator, o cir loans to
it Collection Account. Caja Granada will pay amounts on a daily basis; Credifimo, Caixa
Tarragona, Caixa Terrassa and Caja Navarra will pay amounts on a weekly basis, every
Tuesday or, in the event tha such dat should not be a Business Day, payment wil take place
on th immediately subscquent Business Day,

Payment Dates of the Fund: March 25, June 28, September 28 and December 28 of every year
¿luring the lie of he Fund. Payment 10 he holders of the Securiis issued, payment of interest
on he Loans (Initial Expenses Loans and 2 and Subordinated Loans 1 and 2) payment of fees
19 be Sociedad Gestora, and repayment of the principal ol the Loans (Initial Expenses Loans 1
and 2 and Subordinated Loans 1 and 2) and remaining payments of hc Fund. In he event that
such date is mot a Business Day, payment wil take place on the immediately following
Basiness Day.

Determination Date: The interest rat applicble for cach accrual period fo al Bond Series will
be determined on the second Business Day prior to the Payment Date on which begins the
corresponding accual period. The first Determination Date will be December 7, 2004, 1... the
second Business Day prior to the Disbursement Date.

Notice Dates: March 26, June 26, September 26 and December 26 of cach year for ¡he entire

le af he Fund. Notice of the amounts lo be paid on sccount ol principal and interest to the
holders of the Bonds. ln the event that such det should not be a Business Day, notice will be
given on the immediately preceding Business Day

A Business Day shall e any day of he week on which ts possible to perform transactions n
sccordance with tbc TARGET schedule

V2. Accounting criteria of the Fund
The Fund will account for income and expenses on un acera basis.
a) Mortgage Shares and Mongage Transfer Ceticates subscribe by th Fund: the Shares and
Certificates are registered on the balance shoct of the Fund in an amount <qual to Mco nominal

Interest on the Shares and Centfiates ar registered in he profit and loss account on an acemal
bass

ms



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

Interest due, but unpei, on the Shares and Ceniliats not declred Defaulted are registered as an
son the balance sho

Maturod interest and outstanding principal of he Shar and Cenáfiates declued Defauited are
registered as an asset, exce in those cases in which it can be demonstrated hat the Mortgaged
propeny does not provide a suficient guarante.

1) Bonds issued: The Bonds are registered as labiliy on the balance sheet of the Fund, in an
“mos equal o tir eimbursement vale,

Interest payable parsuant to the Bonds is registered in th profit and los account on an accmal
Bass he portion terco which has thus accrucd which s due, but unpuid, s registered in related
liabiitis account st fort for such pueposes

+) Securities 10-1 and Securits 10-2 shall be registered as labios of the Fund, for cir
subscription price, adjused from time to time in all Payments 10-1 and Payments 102,
respectively performed up 10 the dat in question

d) Accounts of he Fund: Liquidiy accounts of the Fund held a he Financial Agent, and as ho
case may be, the Rated Salles, wi pre-esablised reinvestment mechanisms

The amount of Uhe accounts is registered s an asset of the Fund, while he income and expenses of
his account ae part of he income and expenses of he Fund,

+) Operation expenses, fs and remuncrations: Al fs and expenss are deducible during cir
sccral period.

1) Technical Advances: On every Cakulation Date, the Technical Advance obtained on the
preceding Calculation Date is considered as deductble from the payment corresponding o the
Calculaon Period subject 1o payment, and a mew Techmical Advance, coresponding 10 the
subcequent payment may be requested,

8) Initial Expensos Lowns | and 2, Subordinated Loans 1 and 2 and Panicipaig Loans 1 and 2
Interest of these Loans (Inial Expenses Louns 1 and 2, Subordinated Louns 1 and 2 and
Paricipatng Loans 1 amd 2) il e sccounted for in every period on an accraal basis.

Financial year: The accounting periods of the Fund shall commence on January 1" and cnd on
December 31% of cuch year, except or the fist accouming period, which will commence on the
Incorporation Date and end on December 31% 2004.

Result The net result cch financial year must e nl

Va. Other Financial Transactions and Credit Enhancements

y.

Subordinated Loan 1

The Sellers Caja Granada, Crediimo and Caixa Tarragona, or, in their capacity as lenders in
Subondinated Loan 1, the “Lenders 1") will gran, in accordance with the Subordinated Loan
Agreement 1, a Subordinted Loan to the Fund (hercinafter, Subordinated Loan 1) for a total
amos of 1.200.000 Euro, distributed as follows:

16



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Foto ica dedo Sri uds e on abc docmen nd Some olas an Falo

Caja Granada: 553.44615. Euro.
Credifimo: 436,363.64. Euro.
Caixa Tamgona: 20979021. Euro.

The amount of Subondinated Loan 1 will be delivered on the Business Day prior to the first
Payment Date, 1. on March 24, 2005, by payment thereo! into the Treasury Account opened in
ib mame of the Fund tt Financial Agent,

Tis amount of Subordinated Loan 1 wil be used by hc Sociedad Gestora o cover th diference,
on hee Payment Date, between he interest o he Mortgage Shures accrued and paid

Subordinated Loan will acrue a floating interest rate equal to the Reterene Interest Rate of he
Bonds in foce a cach moment plus x margin of 0.75%. Payment o sad intros bal! take place
vn cach Payment Date and shall bo subject to the priority order described in section VA. for
Available Resources 1

Maturáy of Subordinated Loan 1 will take place on the date of the liquidaion of the Fund.
Nevenheles, redempion of Subordinated Loan 1 on cach Payment Date wil e free until 4
redemplion, and the Sociedad Gestora will decide in accordance with the need for estimated
resources to cover he balance hetwcen the aceral and payment of the Mortgage Shares by the
Socuritisaion Fund. Distribution of such redemption between the Lenders 1 shal be made by ho
Sociedad Gestora in accordance withthe Contrato de Gestión ntema Indovivalizodo.

The entirety o the amounts payable to the Sellers for both interes accrued and redemption ol
principal, accred by Subordinated Loan 1. will be subjee to the priority onder st fon in section
42. for hc Available Resources 1. and. consequent will only be puid to the Soles on any
specific Payment Date, in the event that th Available Resources 1 of the Fund on such Payment
Dat are sufficien to stend the obligatons of to Fund listed in sections (1) rough (5) 0 said
section in relation to interests nd ()trowh (iv) orbe principal.

AI amounis, which, with respect to he above sections, are not paid o the Lendess 1 will ho
<ifectod on e following Payment Dates in which the Available Resources 1 allow for such a
payment in acordance wilh th established priority order.

Those smoumis owed to the Lenders 1 and not paid parsuant to the provisons of Abe
aorementioncd sections, vil no ccruepenaliy interes in their favour

VaZ.— Subordinated Loan 2

The Sellers Caja Granada, Crifimo, Caja Navarra and Caixa Terrae, (or, in their capacity as
lenders in Subordinated Loan 2, th “Lenders 2") will grant, in accordance with the Subordinated
Loan Agreement 2, a Subordined Loan to th Fund (hreinafcr, Subordinated Loan 2) for 4 total
most of 1.000.000 Euro, distributed as follows:

Caja Granada: 6557377-Euo
Cito: 1882459. Euro
CajaNavama: 49130328 Euro
Cuixa Temas: 254098 36.-Euro

m7


TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

The amount of Subondinated Loan 2 will be delivered on the Business Day prior to the first
Payment Date, 1. on March 24, 2005, by payment thereo! nto the Treasury Account opened in
ib mame of the Fund tt Financial Agent,

This amount of Subortinated Loan 2 will be usd by hc Sociedad Gestora o cover th difference,
vn th fs Payment Dat, between the interes of ho Mortgage Transter Ceniicates aocrued and
pai,

Subordinated Loan 2 will acrue a Moating interest rate equal to the Reference Interest Rate of he
Bonds in foce a cach moment plus a margin of 0.75%. Payment o sad interes bal! take place
vn cach Payment Date and shall bo subject to the priority order described in section VA. for
Available Resources.

Maturáy of Subordinated Loan 2 will take place on the date of the liquidaion of the Fund.
Nevenheles, edemption of Subordinted Loan 2 on cach Payment Date wuil e free until 4
redemplion, and tho Sociedad Gestora will decide in accordance with the need for estimated
resources to cover he balance between the aceral and payment of the Mortgage Shares by the
Socuritisaion Fund. Distribution ol such redemptions between he Lenders 1 shal be mado by ho
Sociedad Gestora in accordance withthe Contrato de Gestión ntema Individalizoda.

The enirey of the amoonts to be payable to the Sellers for bol interest accrucd and redemption
ol principal, accrucd by Subondinsted Lom 2. will b subject to he priori order se fo in
secion V-4.2. for he Available Resources 2, and, consequenti, will ly be aid to the Sellers on
any specific Payment Date, in the cvent hat the Available Resources 2 of the Fund on such
Payment Date are sufficen to aend th obligaons o Uh Fund listed in sections (4) tough (xi)
said section in relation o interests and () rough (xiv) or th pincpal.

AI amount, which, with respect to he above sections, are not paid o the Lenders 2 will ho
cifectod on the following Payment Dates in which the Available Resources 2 allow for such a
payment in acordance wilh th established priority order.

Those smoumis owed to the Lenders 2 and not paid. parsuant to the provisons of Abe
aorementioned sections, il not ccrue penaliy interes in their favor

V33. Tnitial Expenses Loan 1
The initial expenses of the Fund corresponding to th issuance of the Clas 1 Bonds have a total

amount of 260.360. Euro, Distribution thereof among the Sellers (Caja Granada, Credifimo
and Caixa Tarragona) is s follows:

Caja Granada: 166,320. Eso
Credifimo: I5L.O10- Euro.
Caixa Tarragonas 63.000 Euro

The Sellers, Crediimo and Caixa Tarragona will grant, in accordance with the Initial Expenses
Loan Agreement 1, a Subordinated Loan to the Fund (hercinafir, “Initial Expenses Loan 1")
for an amount equal to the aforementioncd amouns for cach of he, Caja Granada, in
accordance with the provisions of Intl Expenses Loan Agreement 1, a subordinated loan to
th Fund for an amount of 130,725.56 Euro, and shall complete the difference between the
aforementoned initial expenses and the Inial Expenses Loan 1, £c, 35594:44 Euro by
charging ito the subscription price of Security 1O-1 coresponding to Caja Granada, among the

18



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

aforementioned iii expenses and th Initial Expenses Loan 1. Caja Granado, Credifimo and
Caixa Tarragona, o, in their capacity a lenders ol Initial Expenses Loan 1, the “Lenders 1

Tus, th amount of Initial Expenses Loan 1 shall be 324,765.56. Euro.

The amount of Subordinated Loan for Initial Expenses 1 plas the additional amount contributed
as a result ole subscription price of Security 1O-1, will be allocaed by the Sociedad Gestora
to hc payment of the initial expenses of he Fund corresponding to Clas | Securtics

Subordinated Loan for Initisl Expenses 1 will accrue a foming interest rate cqual %0 the
Reference Interest Rate of the Bonds in fore a cach moment plus a margin 00.75%. Payment
ot said interest hall take place on cach Payment Date and sal be subject to the priority arder
described in section V:42. or Available Resources 1

Redemption of Subordinated Losn for Initial Expenss 1 shall take place in 20 equal and
consecutive instalments, the fs of which vil take place on the fist Payment Date (March 29,
2005) and the rest on the following Payment Dates, all of which subject o the priority order
described in section V-4.2. o his Prospoctus

The entirty of the amounis payable to the Lenders 1 for both interes accrucd and redemption
principal, acrued by Initial Expenses Loan , will be subject to the priority order st for in
section V-4.2 for the Available Resources 1. und, consequenty. will only be paid to the Sellers
vn any specific Payment Date, in hc event tha he Available Resources 1 of the Fund on such
Payment Date are suficien to attend the obligaions of the Fund listed in sections (5) rough
(6) of said section in relation to interest and () through (xi) or the principal

AI amount, which, with respeto the above sections, are not puid to the Lenders 1 will be
efocted on he following Payment Dates in which the Available Resources | allow for such a
payment in accordance with the stablihd priority order.

Those amount owed to the Lenders 1 and not paid pursuant to the proviions of the
aorementioned sections, will not accrue penalty interest in their avour.

V34. Initial Expenses Loan 2

The Sellers Caja Granada, Credifimo, Caja Navarra and Caixa Terrassa (n their capacity as
lenders in the Initial Expenses Loan 2, the “Lenders 1") will grant, in accordance wit the
Initial Expenses Loan Agreement 2, 4 Subordinated Loan to the Fund (hercinalc, Initial
Expenses Loan 2) fo a otal maximum amount o 307.440 Euro, distributed as follow

Caja Granada:
Cito:

CajaNavama: 151200. Euro.
Cuixa Temas: 78,120. Euro.

The amount of Subordinated Loun for Initial Expenses 2 will be allocated by the Sociedad
Gestorato the payment of th initial expenses of the Fund corresponding to Clas 2 Securtics

Subordinated Loan for Intl Expenses 2 will accrue a foming interest rate cqual %o the
Reference Interost Rato of the Bonds infor at cach moment plus a margin 00.75%. Payment

19



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

+ said interest shall take place on cach Payment Date and shall be subject to the priority order
described in section 42. or Available Resources 2.

Redemption of the Loan shall take place in 20 equal and consecutivo instalments, hc first of
which will take place on th first Payment Date (March 29, 2005) and the rest on he following
Payment Dates, all of which subject to Uh priority onder described in section V-42. of this
Prospectus.

The entity of the amounis to be payable to the Lenders 2 for both interest accrued and
redemption of principal, accrued by Initial Expenses Loan 2, will be subject to Uhe priority
Ander set for in section V-42, for the Available Resources 2, and, consequently. will only be
paid to tbe Sellers on any speciic Payment Date in the event that the Available Resources 2 of
the Fund on such Payment Date arc sufficient to attend the obligations of he Fund listed in
sections () rough (x) of said section in relation o interests and () through (xi) for the
principal.

AI amount, which, with respeto the above sections, are not pd to the Lenders 2 will be
<fvcted on he following Payment Dates in which the Available Resources 2 allow for such a
payment in accordance with the established priority order.

Those amoumts owed to the Lenders 2 and not paid pursuant to the proviions of the
aforementioned sections, wil not accrue penalty interest in their avour

Vas. Participating Loan 1

Caixa Tarragona shall grant, in accordance wii the provisions of Paricipating Lon
Agreement 1, a subondinatd loan to the Fund (hercinatr,“Particiating Loan 1") allocated by
ito Sociedad Gestora to th partial funding of Reserve Fund 1

The total amount of Particpating Loan 1 shall be 1,067.043,8 Puro,

The amount of Participatng Loan 1 shall e delivered on the Disbursement Date by payment of
th amount thecol into the Treasury Account

Redemption of Panticipaing Loan 1 shall take place, on cach Payment Date, proporinally to
th reduction of Reserve Fund 1 corresponding to Caixa Tarragona, subjcot to the priority
payment order provided under section V-42, for Available Resources in this Prospectas.

As a result of hc subordinated nature of Participating Loan 1, in respect of the remaining
bligaions of he Fund and to th fact that repayment thrcof depends on th results ol the
Mortgage Shares issued by Caixa Tarragona, and on the evolution of interes rates payable to
Class 1 Securities issued by the Fund, remuncraion ol the Patcipating Loan 1 shall have two
element, fixed clement and a variable ne, relating to the evolution of hc risks pertining to
ib Fan:

0

;xed Remuneratin of Participaing Loan 1: the Outstanding Nominal Balance of
Panicipaimg Loan 1 shall accrue interest calculated based on a Hosting annual interes
rate equal to the reference interest rate for the Bonds in force from time o time, as
described under section UL 10. of this Prospects, plas a margin ol 1%.

Gi) "Variable Remuncration of Participating Loan 1", which shall be calculated in
“ccordance with th provision of section IIL4-3 af this Prospoctus.

20



Ep q idear edo pl
a o

V36. — Participating Loan 2

The Sellers, Crediimo, Caja Navarra and Caixa Terrassa, hrcinaler th “Particiating Lenders
2" shall gran, in accordance with the provisions of Paricipating Loan Agreement 2. a
“ubordinated loan to he Fund (hecinalir. "Participaing Loan 2”) allocaed by the Sociedad
Gestoratothe partial funding of Reserve Fund 2.

The total amount of Participating Loan 2 shall be 3,529.099.64- Euro, to be distributed among
Panticipatimg Lenders 2 as follows:

Crediimo: 528.0245. Euro.

Caja Navara: .000.615:41.- Eur.

Caixa Temassa 105365130. Euro.

The amount of Partcipatng Loan 2 shall be delivered on the Disbursement Date by payment
by cach ol Participatimg Lenders 2 of the relevant amount herco! into th Treasury Account.

Redemption of Participaing Loan 2 shall take place, on cach Payment Date, proporionally to
the reduction of Reserve Fund 2 corresponding to cach of Participating Lenders 2, subject to
th priority payment order provided under section V-4.2 for Available Resouress 2 in this
Prospectus, The distribution of such redemption amounts betwcen the Panicipating Lendrs 2
shall be made by the Sociedad Gestora in accordance with the provision of the Contato de
Gestión Interna Individualizda.

As a result of th subordinated nature of Participating Loan 2, in respect of the remaining
obligaions of he Fund and to th fact that repayment thrcof depends on th resul ol ho
Morigage Shares issued by cach of ib Partcipaing Lenders 2, and on he evolution of interest
rates payable to Clas 2 Securitic isued by the Fund, remuncraion of the Participating Loan 2
shall have two clements, 4 fixed clement and a variable oc, relating to the evolution ol the
risks pertining to the Fund:

6) “Fixed Remuneraion of Participating Loan 2" the Outstanding Nominal Balance of
Participating Loan 2 shall accrue interest calculated based on a Hosting amnwal interest
nte equal to he reference interest ate for the Bonds in force from time to lime, as
described under section IL.10. of this Prospects, plus a margin ol 19%

(ú) "Variable Remuneration of Participaing Loan 2", which shall be calculated án
“accordance with the provision of section 1.3 of his Prospectus

Reserve Funds

(0 Reserve Fund

As credit enhancement mechanism to over for possible loss dueto unpaid and/or Defaulted
Mortgage Loans 1, and in order to allow the payments to be made by the Fund, in accordance
with ie priority order set for in scction V-.2. for the Available Resources 1 of this
Prospects, a "Reserve Fund 1” will e establish, or total amount ol 3003000 Euro, Le.
1.05% of initial amount of the Class 1 Bons.


TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

The Reserve Fund 1 will be consútued on ho Disbursement Date, with charge to he whole of
Panicipating Loan 1 for an amount of 1,067.04358 Euro and also to part of he subscription

price ol Securay 10-1, for an amount ol 1,935.956.12 Euro. The amount ol Reserve Fund | has
hen allocated between the Sellers, Caja Granada. Crediimo and Caixa Tarragona, as shown
below

Caja Granada: $40,661. Euro.

Credifimo: 662.339. Eso.

Caixa Tamgona: —— 1SOO.00- Eso.

On cach Payment Date, the Reserve Fund 1 will be funded, as the case may be, until the
Minimum Level of he Reserve Fund 1 is reached, with th resources that, on cach Payment
Date; are available for such purpose, in accordance with the priority order described in section
4.2. or Available Resoares

The Minimum Level ofthe Reservo Fund 1 il bo the less of he following amounts
- 1.056 of the sum of the initial amount of th issue of Class 1 Bonds.
2.10% of the sum of the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the issue of the Clas 1 Bonds.

No reduction of the Reserve Fund 1 will be made when one of the following situaions takes

place

1) 1 the amount alloated to redemption of the Bonds on the current Payment Date are
less than hc amount determined in point () of section IL11.2.1. of his Prospecta,

2) "The Outstanding Nominal Balance pending maturity of the Non-Defaulted Shares with
defaults equal to or greater than 90 days is higher than 15% of the Oststanding Nominal
Balance pending maturty of the Non-Defawlted Share.

3) 1£ the Sociedad Gestora docs not decide to liquidae the Fund, wben the Outstanding.
Nominal Balance of the Sbares and Certificates is below 10% of cir initial balance.

In any event, the Minimum Level of the Reserve Pund vil not fall below 0.75% 0 the initial
balance of he Class 1 Bonds.

The amosnts of the Reserve Fund 1 will be deposited at the Treasury Account with the
guarantcos described in section V.3., o his Prospectus. ln the vent hat the Seller becomes a
Rated See, the proportion of the Reserve Fund | it has forvarded, in relation o ts share in
the Panicipating Loan 1, as set forh by Clause 16 of the Deed of Incorporation of the Fund,
will e paid to the Reinvestment Account with charge to th Treasury Account on the following
Payment Date.

Reserve Fund 2

As credit enhancement mechanism to cover for possible losses due 10 unpaid and/or defaulted
Mortgage Loans 2, and in order to allow the payments to be made by the Fund, in accordance
with the priority order set for in section V:.2, for the Available Resources 2 of this
Prospects, a “Reserve Fund 2” will e established, fora total amount of 5,514.400.- Euro, Le.
2.29% of the initial amount of dh Class 2 Bonds.

2



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

The Reserve Pund 2 will be constituted inivilly on the Disbusement Dat, with charge to the
whole of Partcipating Loan 2 for an amount of 3,562959.55 Euro and also to part o the
subscription price of Security 10-1 for an amount of 50495845 Euro and to th whole of

Security 1O-2, for an amount of 1,446.82 Euro. The amount of Reserve Fund 2 has been
allocated between the Sellers Caja Granada, Credifimo, Caja Navarra and Caixa Terrasa, as
shown below

Caja Granada: 361.600. Euro.

Crediimo: 1.039.600. Euro.

Caja Navara: 2712.000- Euro.

Caixa Temassa 401.200. Euro.

On cach Payment Date, the Reserve Fund 2 will be funded, as the case may be, until ho
Minimum Level of he Reserve Fund 2 is eachad, with th resources that, on cach Payment
Date, are available for such purpose, in accordance with the priority order described in section
4.2. fr Available Resources 2.

For cach Payment Date, RSVTMP is defined as the wcighed average Balance to live Value
ratio for the Live Balances of cach of the Mortgage Loans 2 n respect ol he appraisal values
for th propenti mortgagod to back them» calculated by the Sociedad Gestora. The RSVIMP
of the mudited poríolo is 87.7%. The Minimum Level of the Reserve Fund 2 will be
determined on cach Payment Date s the less oh quantlies indicated for cach case:

- ME RSVIMP is above 78%: he Minimum Level of the Reservo Fund 2 will e th lesor of
th following amount:

- 226% of te initial amount of he issue of Class 2 Bonds; and
- 4.525 of the sum of the Oststanding Nominal Balance of the issue of Class 2 Bonds.

- IE RSVTMP is equal to orlss han 786 and greater than 71%: ho Minimum Level of the
Reserve Fund 2 váll e he esser of the following amount:

- 1.915 of te initial amownt o he issue of the Class 2 Bonds; and
- 3.825 of te sum of the Oststanding Nominal Balan of the issue of Class 2 Bonds.

- the RSVTMP is equal o or less than 715 and grato than 64%: the Minimum Level of
the Reserve Fund 2 will o he lesser of following amount:

- 1:56: of he initial amount of th issue o he Class 2 Bonds; and!

- 3.125 of the sum of he Outstanding Nominal Balance pending maturity of th issue of
he Class 2 Bonds.

- the RSVTMP ís cqual to or less than to 64%: ho Minimum Level of the Reserve Fund 2
ville th leser of th following amownts:

- 1.2% ofthe mil amonnt of the isue ofthe Class 2 Bonds; and

ms



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

- 2% of sum ofth Outstanding Nominal Balance of the issue of th Class 2 Bonds.
No reduction of the Reserve Fund 2 will made in the cvent of he following circumstances:

1) The amounts destine to the redempiion of he Bonds on the Payment Date are less
tha the amount determined in point a) of section IL.11.22 of this Prospects.

2) The Outstanding Nominal Balance pending muturity of the Nom-Defaulted
Certificates with non-payments equal to or greater than 90 days ix grenter than 1%
of e Outstanding Nominal Balance pending maturity ol the Non-Defauled
Cenificutes

3) fte Sociedad Gestora docs not decide o liquidat hc Fund, when the Outstanding.
Nominal Balance of the Shares and Cenificates is less than 105 of lts initial
balance.

In any event the Minimum Level of ho Reserve Fund 2 shall not les than 1.18% of the initial
balance o he Class 2 Bonds.

The amownis integrating the Reservo Fund 2 will e deposite at he Treasury Account with the
guaranteos set fombh in section V.3.. of his Prospectus. In he cvent that any Seller becomes a
Rated Seller, proportion of the Reserve Fund 2, in respec o he Particpating Loan 2 and in
accordance with Clause 17 of the Deed of Incorporation of the Fund, will be paid to the
Reinvestment Account with charge to the Treasury Account on the following Payment Date.

VS. Deposit ofhe Resources of the Fund!

V38. — Collection Account

Tac Fund will have at the Financial Agent, as so for in the Financial Servico
Agreement, a bank account in the name of the Fund (“Collection Account")
through which on cach Collection Date, corresponding to cach Seller, all amounts
ue to the Fund from cach Selle derived from hc loss serviced hereby.

Amownts deposite wit the Collection Account corresponding to the total amount
collected, derived from the mongage loans serviced by cach Seller during the
calendar month prior to cach Calculation Date (hercinaler, “Collected Amount”)
Shall be paid, together with the relevant Technical Advance, into the Treasury
Account, prior to 11:30 am. ol the relevant Calculation Dat, with value date on
e same dat.

Tas returns of the Collection Account shall be transfcred on cach Payment Date
to the Treasury Account

Tae Collection Account may not show negativo balance against the Fund.
Amownts deposited into the Collection Accownt will accrue a floating interest mate
in favour of the Fund, which wil be seed on a monthly basis (on the last day of
ach mon), based on the Nosting interest ate resulting rom reducing the average
daily EONIA rats corresponding to the current month by a margin of 035%,
EONIA means the reference rate of the Euro Monetary Market applicable from
time to time, of the consention in force from time to time, sponsored by the

Esropcan Banking Federation and the Financial Markets Association (curently
he convention sets forth the reference rate in the Telerate screen, between 18:45

(Central European Tim) and 19:00 (Central European Time) for financings with
delivery of Funds on the Business Day on which the relevant Interest Period

ns



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

should begin), for one-day deposis in Euro, increased by brokerage fe0s,
ureharges and expenses usually applicd st the time of determination in the
interbank market, and in relevant taxes. Said sum shall be rounded tp to the
carest hundred
In he event hat th rating of the Financial Agent, given by the Rating Agency for
short tem ik. is reduced below PI, for Moody's, the Sociedad Gestora vil, prior
consulation with the Rating Agency, take one of the following decisions srithin
ile 30 days following said downgrading. The Sociedad Gestora will, take
necessary options to maintain an adequate level of guarantee in respect of the
ommitments derived from he maintenance of he Collection Accosnt:
1. Obtain from a credit entity with rating for short term risk no les han PL,
gramed by Moody's, or other recognised by the Rating Agency, 4
uarante regarding th commitment assumed by th Financial Agent

Replace the Financial Agent for another credit city aith a rating no less
than PI, granted by Moody's or other recognised by the Rating Agency.
Abat will assume, under th same conditions, the functions ol the Financial
Agen.

V382. Treasury Account

"hc Fund will have at the Financial Agent, and as st forbh in he Financial Service
Agreement. a bank account in the namo of the Fund (Treasury Accosnt) hrosgh
“which on cach Calculation Dat, the Fund will transfer to the Treasury Account ll
amounts to be received by the Fund from the Sellers from the Collection Account,
in accordance with the provisions ol th foregoing paragraph and the Decd ol
Incorporation

Allocationsto Reserve Funds 1 and 2, and net amounts of Derivatives Contracts n
favour of the Fund shall lso be paid ino he Treasury Account, In th event that.
in accordance with the provision of the present Prospects, the Sociedad Gestora
should proceed to open the Reinvestment Accounts) al the Rated Seller(s)
“locations to Reservo Funds 1 and 2 shall be paid into such Reinvesiment
Accoumts).

Following instructions by the Sociedad Gestora, all necessary payments to satisfy
hc obligatons af tho Fund vil be made trosgh he Treasury Account

The Treasury Account may not have a negativo balance against the Fund,

Amownts deposited into he Treasury Account willaccrue a omting interest rate in
favour of the Fund, which will be sctled on a monthly bass (on he last day of
ach mon), ased on the Nosting interest ate resulting rom reducing the average
daily EONIA rates corresponding to the current month by a margin ol 035%,
“according to hc definition of EONIA set fo int oregoimg section

In the event that the rating of the Financial Agen, given by the Rating Agency.
were reduced, he Sociedad Gestora will take the same action as described in ho
Foregoing section

V383. — Reinvestment Accounts

In the cvent hat any Seller obtains a rating equal to hc highest rating for short
term risk, granted by he Rating Agency or any other Rating Agency accepted
bercby, the Sociedad Gestora, duly informing the CNMV, will open an account in
he name of the Fund at the corresponding Seller (hercinaier, “Rated Seller”)

ms



TOREO E e or Fo imanes des Sel Lo ros
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

called the “Reinvesiment Account”, through which shall be puid on cach
Collection Date, all amouns hat the Fund is o recive from the Seller. The Rated
Seller will sign a contract with the Sociedad Gestora, he later acting ín th name
and on behalf of the Fund, to regulate the operation of the Reinvestment Account

In the event that he Seller should become a Rated Seller, the proportional part of
lc Reserve Funds 1 andíor 2 contributed, depending on lts participation the
Paricipating Loan 1 andior 2, in accordance with the provisions of section V37
f this Prospectus, shall be paid into the Reinvestment Account debited to the
Treasury Account on the following Payment Date

Tac Rated Seller will underake the sevices af management and maintenance of
hi aforesaid account, in accordance with regular banking practice, Expenses
generated from the maintenance of said account will be assigned to the Seller,
except when the expenses are generated by the negligence of Ahe Sociedad
Gestor.

Positive balances resulting a cach of the Reinvestment Accounts, will accrue a
Hosting interest rate in favour of he Fund, which will be seuled on a monthly
basis (on th lat day of cach month), based on the loating interest rate resulting
from reducing the average daily EONÍA rates corresponding to the current month
by a margin of 035%, according to the definition of EONIA set fon in the
section V3.8.L

Prior insiuction from the Sociedad Gestora, on the Business Day prior to cach
Payment Date, the Rated Seller will make al the necessary payments lo attend the
bligatios of he Fund through the Financial Agent

In the event that the Rated Sellers downgradod by the Rating Agency, to a rating.
below the highest rating for short tem ik, he Sociedad Gestor, on bohal of the
Fund, vil transfer al! hc amounts deposite at the Reinvestment Account to the
Treasury Account. Equally, and from that moment, said Seller will transfer on
cach Collection Date, all the amouns that, as loan administrator, and in
“accordance with his Prospectus, it obtains in the futur. Nevenbheles, if ihe Seller
presents a banking cndorsement, sufficien in he opinion f he Sociedad Gestora,
from a credit entiy with a rating equal to the maximum granted by the Rating
Agency for short term risk, guarantecing 1h total avalabliy of the amount
¿eposied in Ahe Reimvesiment Account, the Seller will be able to maintain the
Reinvestment Account, provided that the rating of the Securiis issued by the
Fund granted by the Rating Agency is not impaired

At the time of he signing of the Deed of Incorporation, no Seller has a suficient
rating, in accordance with this section, to open  Reinvestment Account

Technical Advance

Taking into account that some of the delays in the payments mad by the borrowers have an
inter or technical nature. and in order to prevent such delays from negativey afíctng the
low of payments to th holders af hc issued Securities, and taking into account that ere is
lapse ol 20 days between the end oe Collection Period and he Collection Date on behalf of
the Fund, and tus the amounts collected by the Seller, as loan administrator, belong 10 the
Fund, the Sociedad Gestora, on behalf of the Fund, will be entitled to receive on every
Calcultion Date, acting ín the name and on beball of the Fund, a setlement advance on
sccount ol such amount.

16



TAS posparto ETS o ral ole Itormano dates Span aguaps aro repara
ino “Como Macon el loca de Vals” ino Span Satutas Atl Cormin, "CMA Nora 3,204.
e Fale ea date o Span bo a oe rd corner Feo

The amount of the Technical Advance cannot cxcced the amount collected by cach Seller, of
th Loans it administers, for any tem related to the Fund in relaion to the Shares and
Certificate, from the end uf he lat Collection Period until th Calculation Date on which the

Technical Advance is requested

The Sociedad Gestora will calcula the Technical Advance, as an amount equal to th sum of
the matured amounis and not yet collected by cach Seller. during the preceding Calculation
Period, for principal and interest from the Shares and Certificates issucd by cach Seller
underiving ihc defaulled Mortgage Loans on the Calculaion Date on which the Technical
Advance 5 requested, taking into accown th limiations described in the preceding paragraph.
The Technical Advance will not excecd, in respect of cach Mortgage Loan, to the interes and
principal on the las instalment

On cach Calculation Dato, e Technical Advance delivered on the preceding Calculmion Date
may be deductod in the stlement of the Calculaion Period subject to such stlement. and a
new Technical Advance corresponding to he following payment may be requested

V3.0, — Derivatives Contracts

ln order to mitigate, on he one hand, the base interest rat risk between the asets(Shares and
Certificates and the libilis (Bonds) of the Fund, and, on the other hand, the existing interest
rate ssk as asesult o! maximum and minimum interest rates se fora certain percentage ol Caja
Caminos” mongage loans, the Sociedad Gestora shall exccute, in hc name and on behalf of he
Fund, th following agreements

1- Derio

ves Contract 1 (annual)
2- Derivatives Contract (bianual)

3-Derivs

ves Contract 2 (annual)

4- Derivatives Contract 2 (bianual)

Derivatives Contracts shall cxecuted over 82.52% af ho Shares and 100% of he Centficates
groupe in the Fund.
The most relevant terms of these contrcts are described below:

In cach Derivatives Contact a Swap and a Collar shall be regulated (Cap and Floor)
Derivatives Contacts 1 (annual) and 2 (annual), shall be established over the percentage of
Shares and Certificates, respectively, wilh an anmual period for cach interest ate revision
Derivatives Contracts 1 (biannual) and 2 (biamnual), are established over the percentage of
Share and Cenúlficats with a biannual period between each interest ate revision.

Party A Bear Sicaras Bank Ple

Party 1 The Sociedad Gestora, in the name and on behalf hc Fund.

Settlement Dates: Setlement dates shall be the same as the Payment Dates of the Bonds, e.
March 28, June 28, September 28 and December 28 or, in the even that said dat should not bo
3 Business Day, th immediately following Business Day. The first Setlement Date shall be
Mah 29, 2005.

Settlement Periods: Setlement periods shall be the days cffectively clapsed between two
consecutive Setlement Dates, including the ist and cxcluding the last. Exceptionally, he fist

mr



TAS posparto ETS o ral ole Itormano dates Span aguaps aro repara
ino “Como Macon el loca de Vals” ino Span Satutas Atl Cormin, "CMA Nora 3,204.
e Fale ea date o Span bo a oe rd corner Feo

sctlement period shall have a tem equivalent to the days cffecively clapsod betwcen the
Disbursement Date of the Bond Isue inclusive) and March 29, 2005 (exclusive).

1-Contrato de Derivado 1 (anual)

Notional Amount of Derivatives Contract 1 (annual), puesuant to the Swap: shal e the
Outstanding Nominal Balance of Class 1 Bonds, ín the proportion represented by the
Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shares corresponding to Caja Granada and Credifimo,
vih annual interest rte revision, in respect o! the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shares
included in the Fund with annual interest rat evisio, on th relevant setlement dat

Notional Amount of Derivatives Contract 1 (annual), pursuant to the Cap/Floor: shall be
th product ol the proportion represented by the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shares
vih annual iterest rate revision. of cach one of th diferent Cap/Floor levels set fort in he
contract over al th Shares with annual interest rate review subject taa Cap andlor Poor on the
relevant setlement date, in respect of he Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shars included
in Fund with annual interest rte revision.

Calculation Factor 1, for the Swap: shall e he average 12 month- EURIBOR rates obtained
on cach of th twelve preceding Reference Dates prior to the stat of the current seem
period, weighted by the percentage of Shares corresponding to Caja Granada and Credil
Vohich review their mires rate on cach month ol year

Calculation Factor 1, for the Cap: shall be the average 12 month- EURIBOR rates obtained
in cach of the twelve preceding Reference Dates prior lo the star of the current setlemnt
period. weighted by the percentage of Shares corresponding to Caja Granada and Credilimo,
vila Cap.

Calculation Factor 1, for the Flor: shall o he average 12 month- EURIBOR rates obtained
in cach of the twelve preceding Reference Dates prior lo the star of the curent seem
period, weighted by the percentage of Shares corresponding to Caja Granada and Credifimo,
vih a Floor.

Reference Dates: halle the 261h day of cach month. saring on December 26, 2003

Amounts payable by Party A pursuant o the Swap: The resul of multplying the “Notional
“Amount ol Derivatives Contract 1 annual), pursuant t the Swap" timos ho Relerence Interest
Rate of the Bonds set forth for cach Payment Date, as defined in section IL10. of the present
Prospectus: plas a margin of 0.1%. Party A's par shall be calculated by days cffectivey
clapscd based om a 360-day year

Amount payable by Party B pursuant to the Swap: shall be the result of multiplying, based
on days effctivly clapsed and on a 360-day year, the “Notional Amount of Derivatives
Comet (anoual), pursuant to the Swap” times “Calculaion Factor, for he Swap

Amounis payable by Party A puesuant to the Cap: The result of multplyin the “Notional
Amount ol Derivatives Contract 1 (annual, puesuant to the CapíFloor" times “Calculaion
Factor 1 for he CapíFloor” Party A's part shall o calculated by days effetively clapsed based
on 2 360-day year

Amount payable by Party B puesuant to the Floor: The amount payable by Party shall be
the result af multiplyin. based on days cllecively clapsed and on a 360-day car, the
“Notional Amount of Derivatives Contract 1 (annual), puesuant to the Cap/loor” times
Calculrion Factor 1. for he Floor

ms



TAS posparto ETS o ral ole Itormano dates Span aguaps aro repara
ino “Como Macon el loca de Vals” ino Span Satutas Atl Cormin, "CMA Nora 3,204.
e Fale ea date o Span bo a oe rd corner Feo

2. Derivatives Contract (biannual)

Notional Amount of Derivatives Contract  (biannusa), pursuant to the Swap: shall be the
Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Class 1 Bonds, in the proportion represented by the
Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shares corresponding to Caja Granada and Credifimo with
biannual interest ate revision, in respect of the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shares
included in the Fund with bianual interest rate revision, on the relevant setlement date.

Notional Amount of Derivatives Contract 1 (biannual), pursuant to the Cap/Floor: shall
be the result of multiplving: (1) he proportion represented by the Outstanding Nominal
Balance of tho Shares over all the Shares with annual interes rate review subjee to a Cap
análor Floor with biannual interes rate revisio, by cach of the diferen Cap/Floor levels set
forih in he contract, issued by Caja Caminos, on the relevant seulement dat, in respect of the
Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Shares included in the Fund with biannual interest rate
revision, times (the Ousstanding Nominal Balance of th Class 1 Bonds.

Calculation Factor 2, for the Swap: shall be hc average of the 12:month EURIBOR rates
bisined on each of the six Reference Dates prior to the sar ol he curent sctlementpertod,
weighted by tho percentage of Shares corresponding to Caja Granada and Credifimo, which
review their interest ate on cach month of the ycar, in accordance with the provisions of
Derivatives Contract 1 (iannual).

Calculation Factor 2, for the Cap: shall be ho weighted average o he 12-monib EURIBOR
rates obtained on cach of the six Reference Dates prior to he start of the current seem
period, weighted by the percentage ol Shares corresponding to Caja Granada and Credifimo
vih aca.

Calculation Factor 2, for the Floor: shall be the wcighted average of the 12momh
EURIBOR rates obtained on cach of the six Reference Dates prior to Ihe star of the current
sctlement period, weighted by the percentage ol Shares corresponding to Caja Granada and
Credifimo with a Floor.

Reference Dates shall be the 26h day of cach month, starting on June 26, 2004,

Amounts payable by Party A pursuant to the Swap: The resul of multplying the “Notional
“Amount o! Derivatives Contract | (bianual, pursuant to the Swap times th Reference Interest
Rate of the Bonds set forth for cach Payment Date, as defined in section IL10.1 of the present
Prospectus: plas a margin of 0.1%. Party A's par shall be calculated by days cffectivey
clapscd based om a 360-day year

Amount payable by Party B puesuant o the Swap: The amount payable by Party B shall be
ihc result af multiplyin, based on days cllecively clapsed and on a 360-day year, the
“Notional Amount of Derivatives Contract 1 (biammual), puesuant 10 the Swap” times
Calculsion Factor 3, for he Swap"

Amounis payable by Party A puesuant to the Cap: The result of multpiyin the “Notional
“Amount of Derivatives Contact 1 (bianual, pura to the Cap/Foor" times “Calculaion
Factor 3, for the Cap/Floor", Party A's par Shall be calculated by days clfecively clapsed
based on a 360-day year

Amount payable by Party B puesuant to the Floor: The amount payable by Party B shall be
it result of multiplyine. based on days clfectiely clapsed and on a 360-day year, the

1



TAS posparto ETS o ral ole Itormano dates Span aguaps aro repara
ino “Como Macon el loca de Vals” ino Span Satutas Atl Cormin, "CMA Nora 3,204.
e Fale ea date o Span bo a oe rd corner Feo

“Notional Amount of Derivatives Contract 1 (Piammual),pursuant to the Cap/Flgor" times
Calculsion Factor 3. for he Cap/Floor

3. Derivatives Contract 2 (anual).

Notional Amount of Derivatives Contract 2 (annual), puesuant to the Swap: shal e the
Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Class 2 Bonds, in the proportion represented by the
Outstanding Nominal Balance ol the Certificates vih annual intere rte revision, in respect of
th Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Corúlicates included in ihe Fund vith annual interest
rate revision, on hc relevant setlemnt dae.

Notional Amount of Derivatives Contract 2 (annual), pursuant to the Cap/Floor: shall be
the mulúplicaon of (5) the proporion represented by the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the
Certificates with an annual imterest at review, for cach of the different Cap/Plor levels set
fort in the contact over all he Cenifiates wilh anmual interes ate review subject to a Cap
andior Floor, on th relevant setlement date, in respec of he Outstanding Nominal Balance of
the Cenifiate grouped in the Fund.

Calculation Factor 3, for the Swap: shall be the wcighted average of the 12monh
EURIBOR obtained on cach of the bwelve preceding Rolerence Dates prior to th start of the
current stlement period. weigited by the prcentago of Cetliates which review their interest
rate on each month of the year, corresponding to Caja Granada, Credifimo, Caja Navarra and
Caixa Terrassa.

Calculation Factor 3, for the Cap: shall e the weighted average 12 month- EURIBOR rates
obizined in cach of Ahe twelve preceding Reference Dates prior to the star ol the current
sctlement period, weighted by the percentage of Certificates which review ter interes ate on
csch month of the ycur, corresponding to Caja Granada, Crediimo, Caja Navarra and Caixa
Terrassa, with a Cap.

Calculation Factor 3, for the Floor: shall bc the wcighted average 12 month EURIBOR rates
obizined in cach of Ihe twelve preceding Reference Dates prior to the star ol the current
sctlement period, weighted by the percentage ol Certificates which review ter interest mate on
csch month of he ycur, corresponding to Caja Granada, Crediimo, Caja Navarra and Caixa
Terrassa. with a Floor.

Reference Dates: halle the 261h day of cach month. saring on December 26, 2003

Amounis payable by Party A pursuant o the Swap: The resul of multplying the “Notional
“Amount ol Derivatives Contract 2 (annual), pursuant to the Swap" timos ho Relerence Interest
Rate of the Bonds set forth for cach Payment Date, as defined in section IL10. of the present
Prospectus: plus a margin of 0.02%. Party A's par shall be calculated by days cffecively
clapscd based om a 360-day year

Amount payable by Party B puesuant o the Swap: The amount payable by Party B shall be
ihc result af multiplyine. based on days cllecively clapsed and on a 360-day year, the
“Notional Amount of Derivatives Contract 2 (anmual), pursuant to the Swap" times the
Calculrion Factor 3, for he Swap"

Amounts payable by Party A puesuant to the Cap: The result of multpiyin the “Notional
Amount ol Derivatives Contract 2 (annual), puesuant to the CapíFloor" times “Calculaion
Factor 3 for he Cap/Floor”. Pary A's pat shall e calculated by days effetivelyclapsed based
on 2 360-day year

Amount payable by Party B pursuant to the Floor: The amount payable by Party B shall be
it result of multiplyine. based on days clfectiely clapsed and on a 360-day year, the

10



TAS posparto ETS o ral ole Itormano dates Span aguaps aro repara
ino “Como Macon el loca de Vals” ino Span Satutas Atl Cormin, "CMA Nora 3,204.
e Fale ea date o Span bo a oe rd corner Feo

“Notional Amount of Derivatives Contract 2 (annual), puesuant to the Capílcor” times

Calculasion Factor 3. for he Cap/Floor
4. Derivatives Contract 2 (biannual)

Notional Amount of Derivatives Contract , pursuant to the Swap: shall be the Outstanding
Nominal Balance of the Class 2 Bonds, in the proportion represented by the Outstanding
Nominal Balance of the Ceniicates wilh bianual interest ate revision, in respect ol the
Outstanding Nominal Balance of the Cenificates included in the Fund vilh bianual interest
rate revision, on he relevant setleaent dae.

Notional Amount of Derivatives Contract 2, pursuant to the Cap/Floor: shall be the result
of multplying: (1) the proportion represented by the Outstanding Nominal Balance of the
Certificates with bianmual interest rat revision, by cach of he different Cap/Foor levels ser
for in te contract, over ll the Certificates with annual interest rate review subject o a Cap
andior Floor, on th relevant setlement date, in respec of he Outstanding Nominal Balance of
the Cenifiates included in the Fund.

Calculation Factor 4, for the Swap: shall be the wcighted average of the 12monh
EURIBOR rates obtained on cach of the six Reference Dates prior to he star of the current
sctlement period, weighted by the percentage ol Certificates which review ter inorest mate on
csch month of the year corresponding to Caja Granada, Credifimo, Caja Navarra and Caixa
Terrassa

Calculation Factor 4, for the Cap: shall be ho weighted average o Uh 12-monih EURIBOR
rates obtained on cach ol the six Reference Dates prior to Ahe start of the current seem
period. weighed by the percentage of Certificates which review thir interest rate on cach
month of the ycar corresponding to Caja Granada, Crediimo, Caja Navarra and Caixa Terrasa.

Calculation Factor 4, for the Floor: shall be the wcighted average of the 12momh
EURIBOR rates obtained on cach ol the six Reference Dates prior to Ihe star of the current
sctlement period. weighted by the percentage ol Certificates which review ter interest mate on
csch month of the year corresponding to Caja Granada, Credifimo, Caja Navarra and Caixa
Terrassa

Reference Dates shall be the 26h day of cach month, starting on June 26, 2004,

Amounts payable by Party A pursuant to the Swap: The resul of multplying the “Notional
Amount of Derivatives Comrct 2 (bianoual), pursuant 10 he Swap" times the Reference
Interest Rate of the Bonds set fort for Payment Date, as defined in section IL1O. of he
present Prospectus: plus a margin of 00%. Pany A's part shall be calulatod by days
eflcctiely lapsed based on a 160day year

Amount payable by Party B puesuant o the Swap: The amount payable by Party B shall be
the result af multiplyine. based on days cllecively clapsed and on a 360-day year, the
“Notional Amount of Derivatives Contract 2 (bianmual), puesuant 10 the Swap" times
Calculrion Factor 4, for he Swap"

Amounis payable by Party A puesuant to the Cap: The result of multpiyin the “Notional
“Amount of Derivatives Contract 2 (bianual, pura to the Cap/Floor" times “Calculaion
Factor 4, for the Cap/Floor", Party A's par shall be calculated by days clfecively clapsed
based on a 360-day year

m



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

Amount payable by Party B puesuant to the Floor: The amount payable by Party B shall be
the result of multplyins, based on days cllecively clapsed amd on a 360day year, the
“Notional Amoun ol Devatives Contract 2 (Piannual), pursuant 10 the Cap/Flgor" times
Calculrion Factor 4, for he Cap/Floor".

V.3.10.1.. Events of Default Common to sll Derivatives Contracts

lt om a Setlement Dat the Fund should not pay the amount ducto be paid to Bear
Stearns Bank Ple, pursuant to any of he Derivatives Contraci, the relevant
Derivatives Contract may he terminated at the request of Bear Stearns Bank Ple
In the event hat a setlement amount should be payable, the Fund shall asume, 4
applicable, the obligaion to pay the sctlement amount provided in th terms of
the relevant Derivatives Contract, all of which in accordance with the Ordinary
ales of Priority, describe in section V-4..of this Prospects.

1 on a Setlement Date Bear Sicarms Bank Ple should not meet ls payment
bligaions for the whole amownt payable lo the Fund pursuant to any of the
Derivatives Contracts, he Sociedad Gestora may choose 10 terminat th relevant
Derivatives Contract. In such case, Bear Stcamms Bank Ple shall assume the
bligaton to pay the sctlement amount provided in the terms of the relevant
Derivatives Contract Funbhermore, in such case, 1 the seulement amount thercof.
were payable by Bear Stcars Bank Ple, and not by the Fund, payment thercof
shall be made in accordance with he Ordinary Rules of Prioriy described in
section V.4.2. fis Prospecta

"Without prejdice to he proviions o hc two foregoing paragraph, th Sociedad
Gestora, save in the event of a permanent alteration of the Fund's financial
balance, in the name and on behalf of he Fund, shall aiempt always to hold a
desivatives contract in force.

The setlement amount of the Derivatives Contracts shall be calculated by Bear
Stearns Bank Ple, as calculaion agent the Derivatives Contracts based on the
market value o said Contracts.

V3.102,  Changesin the rating of Party A

1- In the event that Moody's 1 should reduce th rating of Party A's unsecured
nsubondinated long-term obligatios below AL and of Party A's Guarantor (Bear
¡Stcams Companies Inc. or any entity which should replace), below A2 or (4
should reduce the raing ol Party A's unsccured unsubordinated shorierm
bligations below P-1 (hercinater, “Moody's Initial Rating Event") and of Pary
AA's Guaramor, or any Entity which should replace 1, below A2, Party A shall
proceed as soon as ressomably possible aftr the aforementioncd Moody's Initial
Rating Event, a its expense and making reasonable effort, cther

(0 to transfer all is ig and obligaions relting both to Derivatives
Comteacis 1 and 2 (annual) and Derivatives Contracts 1 and 2
(biammual) to a third pay replacement holding the required ratings
(A2 for long term debt and P-1 for hor term debt) with registered
offices within the same juisdction as Party A or Party B.

(5) o procure that another entity holding th required ratings (A2 for
long term debt and P-1 for short term debi) with registered oices

1



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

0)

vvitin he dame jurisdction as Party A or Party B shall become join
“and several lible for the obligations assumed by Pary_A bot
under Derivatives Contracts 1 and 2 (annual) and Derivatives Contacts

Land (ianmual) or

to perform such oxher actions as may be conened with Moody's

In is turn, pending performance of the above altematives, Bear Stcars, at is

y)

within hiroy (30) days of the aforementioned Moody's Initial Rating.
Esent, shall cxecute a support agreement under market conditions
satisfatory for Moody's i form and substance (and which may be
ascd on the credit support documents published by ISDA or refer to
support in the form ol cash or securitcs or both) ín support ol th
bligations assumed both under Derivatives Contracs 1 and 2 (annual)
“nd Derivatives Contracts 1 and 2 (biamnual. adjusted to the criteria
required by Moody's orto any ouher amount agree vih Moody's

2- the event that Moody's () should reduce th rating of Paty A's and, as the
case may be, of Pany A's Guaramor's, unsecurod unsubordinated Tong.term
úbligations below A3 (or the equivalent thercol) or (il) should reduce he rating of
Pany A's and, as he case may be, of Party A'S Guaramor's, unsecured!
vunsubordinated shortierm obligations below P-2 (or equivalent) (hercinair,
“Moody's Subsequent Rating Event”), Paty A shall proceed as soon as reasonably
possible after the aforementioncd Moody's Subsequent Rating Event, at lis
expense and muling reasonable cfort:

0

0)

to transfer al ls rights and obligations reating both to Derivatives
Comracis 1 and 2 (annual) and Derivatives Contacis 1 and 2
(bianual), o a third party replacement holding the required ratings
(A2 for long term debt and P-1 for shor term debt) with registered
offices witin the dame jursdicion as Pany A or Party B:

o procure that another entity holding th required ratings (A2 for
long term debt and P-1 for short term debi) with registered oices
within the domo juridiction as Party A or Par B shall become
jcimly lible for the obligations assumed by Party A both under
Derivatives Contracts 1 and 2 (annual) and Derivatives Contracts and
2 (biannual: or

to perform such oxher actions as may be convened wih Moody's.

Addiionaly, pending performance of the above alternatives, Bear Sicarns Bank
Ple, tits expenses

y)

within ten (10) days of the aforementioned Moody's Subsequent
Rating Event, shall exccute 2 support agreement under market
conditions saisfactory for Moody's in form and substance (which.
may or not be based on th credit support documents published by.
ISDA ar refer to support in the form al cash or securitcs or both)
support of the obligations assumed thereunder,adjusted to the criteria
required by Moody's orto any other amount agree vih Moody's

ms



TAS posparto ETS o ral ole Itormano dates Span aguaps aro repara
ino “Como Macon el loca de Vals” ino Span Satutas Atl Cormin, "CMA Nora 3,204.
e Fale ea date o Span bo a oe rd corner Feo

1 Party A's Guarantor should falto adopt the above described measures, this shall
constitute an Event of Default respect of Party A,

Event of Default is a concept defined both in Derivatives Contracts 1 and 2
(annual) and in Derivatives Contracts | and 2 (biamnual

All costs, expenses and taxes incured in the performance of he above obligations
halle borne by Bear Stearns Bank Ple

V3.103,  Termination of Derivatives Contracts

Tas Derivatives Contracts shall e terminated by operation of aw in he cvent that
he Rating Agency should fail 1o confirm, prior to the sar of the Subscription
Period as final, hc rating awarded provisionally to cach of he Securities

The occurtence, as the case muy be, of an caly termination of Derivatives
Contracs sall mot in itself constitte causo for crlytermination of the Fund or
Early Liquidaion thercof, save if in conjunción with oler events or
ercumstances relating to the Fund's not asset situation, there should be a material
or permanent alieaion in the financial balance there.

Expiration af the Derivatives Contracs shall take place on the liquidaion date of
Ane Fund.

'V-A.. Ordinary and Exceptional Rules regarding Order of Priority for the Allocation of Funds

y.

vaz.

“On the Incorporation Date of the Fund and Issue of the Bonds

Origin:

(On the Disturscmnt Date, Fund will have funds available arising from:

a), Funds received asa consequence of the issue and placement of he Bonds.

b) Funds reccived on account of the Initial Expenses Loans | and 2, The Funds on.
account of the Subondinaed Lowns and 2 will e disbursed on the Business Day.
immediately prior he fist Payment Date of the Fund,

e) Funds received on account of hc Participating Loans 1 and 2.

Allocation:

On the Disburscment Date the Fund will spy the above-mentioncd funds to the
following payments:

a) Payments on account of the purchase of the Shares and Centicaes included in
te Fund,

b) Payment of the initial expenses of the fund, in accordance with section IIL4:. of
this Prospeetas.

e) Constitution of hc Reserve Funds 1 and 2.

From the Incorporation Date of the Fund wntil the Total repayment of the Bonds

1



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

1. Origin

The funds available to the Fund on every Payment Date, which ae intended for distribution to
the Bond holders and for payment of hc corresponding foes, ari from

3) Amounts from the Shares and Conificates on accownt of principal and current interests

b)_ Amount of the Technical Advance requested from he Sellers and not reimbursed.

€) Net amount derived from Derivatives Contracts 1 and 2 (annual) and Derivatives Contracts
1 and 2 (bianmual), payable by Party A and, in the event ol selement of Derivatives
Comracis 1 and 2 (annual) and Derivaives Comtracis 1 and 2 (bianual), resulting
sottlement payment in favor of the Fund.

+), Income from the Accounts of the Fund,

e) 1 applicable, other amounts received from the borrowers for reasons ciber than principal
and current interes on the Mortgaged Loans.

9) Wapplicabe, he result of Uhe liquidation of the assts of the Fund,
2. location:
In general, the amounts reccived by the Fund from the Shares and Certificates will be applied

on cach Payment Date to the following concepis, with the following orde of priority in the
venta insufficiont funde:

Ordinary Rules of Priority for the Alocation o the Available Resources 1

The Available Resources 1 of the Fund, as defined in section IIL4.4. of his Prospects will be
applied on cach Payment Date, he following payments, in the following priority order

60 Expenses andtaxes

Expenses (save for th foc of lho Sociedad Gestora, the Remuneration for Financial
Intermediation 1 and Flouting Remuneration of Patcipating Loan 1). and extraodinary
expenses, the later being understood as such expenses not provided for under section
LAA, togeiher with taxes to be borne by the Fund. Al in hc same existing proporion,
a ibe beginning ol the immediately prior Interest Aceraal Period, hetwcen he Shares
and all hc Shares and Centiicates included in the Fund, together with he extraodinary
expenses originated from he interests of he holders of Ala, Alb, BI, C1 and DI Bonds.

(ii) Management Fee oh Sociedad Gestora

Remuneration to be paid o the Sociedad Gestora us set for in section NIL32. of this
Prospects, in the same existing proportin, a the beginning of the immediately prior
Interest Accrual Period, bete he Mortgage Shares and all hc Shares and Certificates
included in the Fund,

(ii Payment of he net amount derived from Derivatives Contracts (annual) and (ianmua).
and, in the event ol terminationthercol pursuant to breach by the Fund, payment of the
“mount payable by the Fund comesponding to the sctlemnt payment

ms



TEE EAT EE a ol Falo Homar atado Sar ua pue

"Lomo Naco dl loca de Vat” (no Span Setas Atrml Cormion, "CMA Norentor 3, 20%.

ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

6

0)

0)

0)

0)

5)

0)

me)

0)

0)

5)

5)

0)

Payment of Interes of Ala and Alb Bonds and Payment 1041
Interest acerued by Ala. Alb Bonds and Payment 10-1
Payment of Interest of 1 Bonds

Interest acerud by B1 Bonds.

Payment of Interest of Cl Bonds

Interest acerud by C1 Bonds.

Payment of Interest of DI Bonds

Interest acerud by DI Bonds

Redemption of the principal of the Series Ala and A1b Bonds.

Redemption of the Class 1 Bonds shall take place as set fort in section 111.2. of this
Prospectus.

Incorporstion of he Reserve Fund 1

Incorporatin, if app
of the Reserve Fund 1

ble, o he Reserve Fund 1, until it achieves the Minimum Level

As the case may Be, setlemen payments payable to the Fund in respect of Derivatives
Comtracis 1 (annual) and (biannual) pursuant to termination of the aforementioned
contras for reasons other than s provided under section (ik) above.

Interest of Initial Expenses Loan 1

Interes accrued by Initial Expenses Loan 1

Interest of Subordinated Loan 1

Interest accrued by Subordinated Loan

Fixed remuneration of Panicipating Loan

Fixed remuneration accrued by Pasticipaing Losa 1

Redemption of the principal of the In

Epenses Loan
Amount ofi principal of Iniial Expenses Loan 11 be redeemd.
Redemption of the principal of Subordinated Loan 1

Amount ofi principal of Subordinted Loan 11o be redeemed
Redemption of Paicipating Loan 1

Amount of principal of Paicipaing Loan 110 e redcemed.

16



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

(vi) Remuneratio for Financial Intermediation 1 and Variable Remuneratio of Paticipaing
Loan 1

Remuneration for Financial Intermediaion 1 shall correspond to Caja Granada and
Credifimo; Varible Remuneration o! Participaing Loan 1 shall comespond solely to
Caixa Tarragona

In no event will the Available Resources 2 from the Mortgage Transfer Certificates be used to
edeem th Class 1 Bonds.

Ordinary Rules of Allocaion of the Available Resources 2.

The Available Resources 2 of the Fund, as defined in section IL4.4. of his Prospects will be
applied on cach Payment Date, to he following payments, in he following priority order

60 Expenses andtaxes

Expenses (save for hc of ho Sociedad Gestora, the Remuneration for Financial
Intermedition 2 and Flouting Remuneraton of Patcipating Loan 2), and extraordinary
expenses, the later being understood as such expenses not provided for under section
43, together with taxes to be borne by the Fund. Al in he same existing propor,
a tbc beginning ol the immediately prior Interest Accra! Period, hetwcen the Shares
and all hc Shares and Certficates included in the Fund, together with hc extraodinary
expenses originated from he interests of he holders ol A2a, A2, B2,C2 and D? Bonds.

(ii) Management Fee ofth Sociedad Gestora.

Remuneration 10 be paid o the Sociedad Gestora as st forth in section IIL32, of this
Prospects, in the same existing proportion, al the beginning of the immediately prior
Interest Accrual Period, bete the Mortgage Shares ad al! hc Shares and Certificates
included in the Fund.

(li) Payment of the net amount derived from the Derivatives Contras 2 (annual) and!
(bianmual), and in the event of ternination Ahercof pursuant to breach by he Fund.
payment ofhe amount payable by the Fund coresponding lo the setlement payment

(iv) Payment ofInerest of A2a and A2b Bonds and Payment 10-2
Interest acerued by A2a. A2b Bonds and Payment 10-2

(6) Payment ofnterest of 32 Bonds.

Interest acerud by B2 Bonds.

(vi) Payment of Interest of C2 Bonds.
Interest acerud by C2 Bonds.

(vis, Payment of Interest of D2 Bonds.
Interest accrued by D2 Bonds,

(vii) Redemption of the principal of the Class 2 Bonds.

m7



a laa
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

Redemption of the principal o he Clas 2 Bonds shall take place as set fon in section
MAL of ts Prospectus.

(ix)  Incorporation of the Reserve Fund 2.

Incorporatin, if app
of the Reserve Fund 2

ble, o he Reserve Fund 2, until it achieves the Minimum Level

(2) As the case may be, setlement payments payable to the Fund in espect of Derivatives
Contracts 2 (anual) and (biamnual) pursuan o termiation of the aforementioned
contract or reasons other than as provided under section (ii) above.

(0) Interest of Initial Expenses Loan 2.

Interest acerud by Iii! Expenses Loan 2

(xi), Irestof Subordinated Lou 2.

Interest acerud by Subondinted Loan 2

(xi) Fixed remuncrain of Paricpating Loan 2
Fixed remuncration aceracd by Panicipang Loan 2

(iv) Redemption ofthe principal of Initial Expenses Loan 2
“Aman ft principal of Initial Expenss Loan 21o bs edecmed.

(1). Redemption ofthe principal of Subordinated Loan 2
Amat ft principal of Sabordiated Loan 2 to be redcemed

(vi) Redemption of Participatng Loan 2.

Ant ft principal ol Paticipaing Loan 2 to he redccmed

(vi) Remuneration for Financial Intermediation 2 and Variable Remuneratin of Paticipaing
Loan 2.

Remuneration for Financial Inermedision 2 shall correspond solely to Caja Granada;
Variable Remuneration of Panticipating Loan 1 shall corespond to Credifimo, Caja
Navarra aná Caixa Terrasa

In no exent will the Available Resources 1 from the Monago Transfer Certificate be used to
edeem the Clas 2 Bonds.

3. Other Rules

In te event that the Available Resources 1 and 2 ar not suíficion to pay any of the amount
mentioned in preceding sections, the following rules will be applied:

ms



TA EFE a el Fee mate ae o
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

— The Available Resources 1 and 2 of the Fund vil be applied to the concepts mentioned in
th preceding section, in accordance with the order of priority established, and pro rata of
the owed amount among those who have a right to receive th payment

— The amounts hat remain unpuid will be placed, on the following Payment Dat, in the
same priority order but prior o the concept lo svbich lt efere

— The amounts owed by the Fund and not saisticd on their respectivo Payment Dates will not
Accra additional interes.

The priority of payments o be made in relation to th principal of the Initial Expenses Loans 1
and 2, Subondinatod Loans 1 and 2, Variable Remuneraion o! the Paricipating Loans | and 2
and Remuneration for Financial ntcrmediation 1 nd 2 will have an individual nature for cach
Seller. The payments will take place according to the individual accownts as set for n the
Contrato de Gestión Intema Individualizada.

19



TAS postes Tarsiaan o Eris eFe oral Flor toma atad  Sranannguaps aro repara
ino “Coro Macon el loca de Vals” (no Span Setas Atrnl Cormin, "CMA Noramtor 3,204.
e Fale ea date o Span bo a oe rd corner Feo

CHAPTER VI

GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE SOCIEDAD
GESTORA

"VI. Relating to the Company, Except for is Capital

VILA. Registered Office

Titulización de Activos, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tiulización, S.A. has ls registered
office at 69, Calle Orense, Made

VLL2.  Incorporation and Registration in the Registro Mercantil

Titulización de Activos, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tiulización S.A.. ás 2 Spanish
Corporation, (Sociedad Anónima), with Fiscal Idemtficaion Code (CIF) A-80352750,
incorporated on May 12%, 1992, by a deed drawn up before the Notary Public of Madrid D,

Hipotecaria, on January 29%, 1993, in accordance with the provisions of article 6 of Law
19/1992 ol July 7*, Ley sobre Régimen de Sociedades y Fondos de Inversión Inmobiliaria y
sobre Fondos de Titlización Hipotecaria, by vine of the authorisation granted by Ministerial
Order December 107, 1992, and transformed into Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tiulización
by virue of the authorisation granted by Ministerial Order February 26", 1999. Registered with
the Registro Mercantil of Madrid, Volume 4280, Book 0, Page 183, Section $, Sheet M-71066,
Registration number 5, on June 4%, 1993, and also registred wi the Registro Especial de
Sociedades Gestoras de Fondos de Titulización Hipotecaria of the Comisión Nacional del
Mercado de Valores. under number 3.

VIL3. Corporate Purpose.

The sole purpose of the Sociedad Gestora is the incorporation, management and legal
sepresenation of Fondos de Titulización de Activos and Fondos de Titulización Hipotecaria in
accordance with Royal Decree 926/1998, by which he Fondos de Titulización de Activos and
Sociedades Gestoras de Fondos de Tiulización are regulated,

VII. Place in Which the Documents Cited in this Prospectus, or any Further Documents
Deriving Therefrom, May be Consulted.

The Sociedad Gestora will mak: available, a its registerd office at calle Orense 69, Madrid, to
th public all the documents and information required parsuant lo the Decd of Incorporation of
the Fund and tn present Issue Prospecta.

Furbermore, all the information of public character described in this Prospectus will be
available a tb registered office of he Sociedad Gestora and at tho Official Registry ol the
Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores.

130



TA EFE CE FE manes te a co
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

'VI2, Relating to the Share Capital
VIZ.. Nominal Amount Subscribed and Disbursed

The sar copital of the Sociedad Gestora at the timo of th incorporation of the Fund TDA 22-
MIXTO is 903,000 Euro, entirly disbursed

VIZ2. Classes of Shores

AI ho 150.000 shares issued by the Sociedad Gestora unul the Date of Registración of this
Prospectus at the Official Registry of the CNMV are ordinary shares and have a nominal
amount of 6.02 Euro cach one.

VI23. — Evolution ofthe Capital Over the Past Three years
The share capital of the Sociedad Gestora on the date of registration of his Prospectus is
903.000 Euro entrely disbursed, following ts redenomination in said currency and the
subsequent increase ol capital with charge to the Reservas Voluntaras to round up the nominal
amount of cach share, in accordance with the Sharcholders Meeting held on March 29%, 2001

VIS, Data Relative to Holdings

VISA. — Participation in Other Companies
There is no participation f th Sociedad Gestor in any other company

VI32. Corporate Groups to which he Sociedad Gestora Belongs
The Sociedad Gestora docs not belong to any corporate gro.

VL33. Significa Shareholders

The sbures of he Sociedad Gestora ae distributed as follows:

Porcentaje — Naciones
Caja de Ahoros de Cala La Mancha nos 19296
Caja de Ahoros de Zaragoza, Aragón y Rioja (Ibercaja) 1236% 19296
Caja de Ahoros del Medieránco 16% 19.296
Caja de Ahorros Manicipl de Burgos OS 19296
Vaio (Unicaja) nace 19296
Sociedad Española de Banca de Negocios, S-A.(EBN) Laca 19.296
Caja de Ahoros y Monte de Piedad de Mad nace 19296
Bear Steams Spanish Securitizaion Cosporaion 10.0% 15.00

11



TAS postes Tarsiaan o Eris eFe oral Flor toma atad  Sranannguaps aro repara
ino “Coro Macon el loca de Vals” (no Span Setas Atrnl Cormin, "CMA Noramtor 3,204.
e Fale ea date o Span bo a oe rd corner Feo

VIA. Corporate Governing Bodies
VIA Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is integrated by

Do Francisco Javier Soriano Arosa (Preside)

Caja Manicipal de Burgos

D Francisco Javier Sátz Alonso

Do Víctor Iglesias Ruiz

Caja de Ahorros del Mediterráneo

D. Gumersindo Ruiz Bravo de Mansila

D. José Carlos Contreras Gómez

Bear Stearns Spanish Securtization Corporation

Secretary of the Board: D. Luis Vertera Gutiérrez-Matuana.

vIAZ.

:eneral Manager

Ticre is curtely no CEO position at the Sociedad Gestora, Don Ramón Pérez Hemández is the
¡General Manager of the company since his appointment by ho Board on March 21*, 2002.

VIS. Interests in the Company Held by Persons that are Members of the Representative Bodies
Except for the sharcholders of Caja de Ahorros del Medieránco, Caja Municipal de Burgos and
Bear Stcams Spanish Securiization Corporation. the. persons that are members ol the
representative bodies ar ncther holders nor represetatives, direc or indirecdy. af any share or
consenible Bond.

VS. Identification of the Persons or Entitics Lending to the Sociedad Gestora, and Holding
More than 109% of the Debts Thereof, Quantifying Such Inerest in Each Case

There ae noe.

VIZ. Existence of Lawsuits and Legal Proceedings that Might Alect the Economic and
Financial Situation o the Sociedad Gestora

AL th dute of incorporaton of 1hc Fund TDA 22:MIXTO, there are no Iwsuis or legal
proccedings by ho Socidad Gestora that may afiche cconomic and financia situation IereoÉ

m2


TAS postes Tarsiaan Era ee oral Fla IibrraMo dated Spas aguaze arepa
iva “Como Macon el loca de Vals” (no Span Setas Atrrl Cormin, "CMA Novato 3,204.
e Fale ea date o Span bo a oe rd corner Feo

CHAPTER VI

MARKET CONSIDERATIONS

VILA, Recent and Significant Trends of the Mortgage Market in General and of the Mortgage
"own Market in Particular and ol the Securitization Bonds

In recent yes credit assts with mortgage guaraness in the Balance of Spanish credit etc
have become th main protagonists of th Securitizaon processes of the Spanish financial system.

On te one hand, the exisence of a cial mass cit i suficietsize within a subgrosp of his
vype of moniago ascts has been crical: mortgage lowns 10 private individuals to finance the
acquistion, construction or retortio of propentis. On the her he contribution has come from
th decisivo way in which this type of financing share a seres ol homogencous characteristics from
the legal ad financial points view

The new legisltion emerging from the Ministerial Order of May Sth, 1994, regarding the
transpareny ol he financial conditions of he mongage loss, and its subscquent development in
ib Bank of Spain Circular SA of July 22nd has been one of the clemente that has srengthencd
this homogenciy

¡Secomdly it is worth noting hat in recent years the comptiion within the Spanish mortgage
market has intensifcd, once privat individual and credit cc have assumed the tools aflred
presented to them by Law 294 of March 30, regarding subrogation and modifican of the
mortgage loans. Th future influence o th announced reform of the taxation related to mortgage
carcellaion must also be added: this invitably will also influence the rates of mortgage
prepayment

Finally he importance ol 1h Secuitizad Bonds in relation to he new changes derived from ho
new mechanisms introduced by the Central European Bank in Economic Policy mus be noted.
Greater competlon demand he improvement ol those instruments, which allow acces to
ehcaper sources af finncing: instruments ol isue, secondary muzkets, or goncrating techniques for
a more cffciet management of he etc" balance,

'VILZ. Implications Derived from those Trends Mentioned in he Preceding Section VILA.

The total amownt of Mongage Louns paricipated by he Monago Shares and the Monago
Transfer Certificates included in TDA 22- MIXTO, Fondo de Tinlización de Activos, cary a
Aosting interes at; some of which will accre, duing a transion period, a a ire rue, such
rates are modified perodically by variation int interes rats o Uh mark, Therefore, is not
probable that important modifiations in th Prepayment Rates of the porto will occur dueto
hanges inte interest rate levels.

Nowwithstading hc above, tbe average tem and the duration of the isuc of some Bonds in his
Prospectus could he modified in relation to those intialy estimated in ecton IL. in the event
that Rate of Prepayment of he Shares and Cerficates, vans

L ás te opinion of the Sociedad Gestora that there is mo historical public information at he

moment regarding prepaymen redemption to be able o claborste predicions in both hal! and long
term regarding the behaviour of the Prepayment Redemption Rates of the mortgage pontolios.

143



MI US AO E SRT En rad
ie Fl cas td as nc o CA ce, rr cima lr on ll

Neveniheles, the Sociedad Gestora inform monthly, through various channels, for instance ts
web page (wirwidesgltcom) of the Rates of Prepayment of cach one of the Funds lt manages
Adiionally le is the opinion of the Sociedad Cistora that in following years there will be
available relevat information regarding he behaviour f this Mloating, Nevenbelss t must bo
taken into nccount tt ho market, as indicated in the preceding section, has sufered profound
modifications in recent years, and this factor does not recommend, for the timo being, ho
claboratin of predicions based on the exapolaion of available data in he last years; furthemore
bso deta a score and limited in time, and it is mot possible to assign them any representative
value, In any even, those investors interested can consult the information that Ns and or
Sociedades Gestoras publish regularly on h Mortgage Backed Secuits Funds and Asset Backed
¡Socuritics Funds that Uy manage.

D. Ramón Pérez Hemández.
Director General

Titlización de Activos, ¿GET



