 
 
 
InterMoney Titulización, S.G.F.T., S.A.
C/ Príncipe de Vergara, 131 planta 3ª – 28002 Madrid – Tel.91 432 64 88 – Fax 91 597 11 05 
RM Madrid, tomo 19.277, folio 127, hoja nº M‐337707, inscrip.  1ª C.I.F. A83774885 
http://www.imtitulizacion.com 
 
http://www.imcedulas.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
D.  José  Antonio  Trujillo  del  Valle,  en  su  condición  de  apoderada  de  la  sociedad  InterMoney 
Titulización, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Titulización, S.A., con domicilio en Madrid, calle Príncipe 
de Vergara, 131 planta 3 y C.I.F.: A‐83774885, en relación con la constitución de “WIZINK MASTER 
CREDIT CARDS, FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN”, cuyo Folleto Informativo ha sido inscrito en los registros 
oficiales de la Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores el 18 de julio de 2017, 
 
 
DECLARA 
 
 
Que  el  contenido  del  Folleto  Informativo  de  “WIZINK  MASTER  CREDIT  CARDS,  FONDO  DE 
TITULIZACIÓN” que ha sido registrado por la Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores con fecha 18 
de julio de 2017, coincide exactamente con el que se presenta adjunto a la presente declaración en 
soporte informático; 
 
 
Y AUTORIZA 
 
 
La difusión del texto del citado Folleto Informativo a través de la página de internet de la Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores. 
 
Y para que conste a los efectos oportunos, expido la presente en Madrid, a 18 de julio de 2017. 
 
 
 
 
 
José Antonio Trujillo del Valle 
PRESIDENTE 
InterMoney Titulización, S.G.F.T., S.A. 
 
 
 


 
1 
Wizink Master Credit Cards 
Fondo de Titulización 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
NOTES ISSUE PROGRAMME 
FOR A MAXIMUM OUTSTANDING BALANCE OF UP TO 
€3,000,000,000 
 
Backed by credit rights arising from credit cards issued to individuals 
transferred by  
WIZINK BANK, S.A.  
 
Director  
WIZINK BANK 
Issuer Accounts Bank and Paying Agent 
  
 
Management Company 
 
 
Prospectus approved and registered with the CNMV on 18 July 2017 
 


 
 
2 
IMPORTANT NOTICE – BASE PROSPECTUS 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED) OR TO ANY 
PERSON OR ADDRESS IN THE UNITED STATES 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base 
Prospectus following this page and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading, 
accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base Prospectus, you 
agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications thereto. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR 
A SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO BUY THE NOTES DESCRIBED IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. 
FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) OR THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER RELEVANT 
JURISDICTION AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE 
U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION S)), EXCEPT PURSUANT 
TO AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS. THE FOLLOWING 
BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER 
PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOVER, AND IN 
PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY U.S. 
ADDRESS. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION 
OF THE SECURITIES OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
THE SELLER INTENDS TO RELY ON AN EXEMPTION PROVIDED FOR IN SECTION 20 OF 
THE U.S. RISK RETENTION RULES REGARDING NON-U.S. TRANSACTIONS THAT MEET 
CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS. CONSEQUENTLY, (A) ON ANY ISSUE DATE, THE NOTES 
OFFERED AND SOLD BY THE ISSUER MAY NOT BE PURCHASED BY ANY PERSON 
EXCEPT FOR PERSONS THAT ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED UNDER THE U.S. 
RISK RETENTION RULES (RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSONS) AND (B) DURING THE 
DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED TO 
ANY PERSON EXCEPT FOR PERSONS THAT ARE NOT RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSONS 
(U.S. 
RISK 
RETENTION 
TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS). 
PURCHASERS 
AND 
TRANSFEREES OF THE NOTES, INCLUDING BENEFICIAL INTERESTS THEREIN, WILL BE 
DEEMED, AND IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES WILL BE REQUIRED, TO HAVE MADE 
CERTAIN 
REPRESENTATIONS 
AND 
AGREEMENTS, 
INCLUDING 
THAT 
EACH 
PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE (1) IS NOT A RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSON, (2) IS 


 
 
3 
ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO DISTRIBUTE SUCH NOTE AND (3) IS NOT 
ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN AS PART OF A SCHEME 
TO EVADE THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. RISK RETENTION RULES. PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE DEFINITION OF “U.S. PERSON” IN THE U.S. RISK 
RETENTION RULES IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO, BUT NOT IDENTICAL TO, THE 
DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON UNDER REGULATION S. SEE "CERTAIN REGULATORY AND 
INDUSTRY DISCLOSURES – U.S. RISK RETENTION REQUIREMENTS".  
 
The Seller, as the Sponsor under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, does not intend to retain at least 5 per 
cent. of the credit risk of the Fund for purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, but rather intends to 
rely on an exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules regarding non-U.S. 
transactions. See "Certain Regulatory and Industry Disclosures – U.S. Risk Retention Requirements".  
The Base Prospectus is being sent at your request and by accepting the email and accessing the Base 
Prospectus, you shall be deemed to have represented to us that you have understood the agreed terms 
set out herein, that you are not a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S) or acting for the 
account or benefit of a U.S. person, that the electronic mail address that you have given to us and to 
which this email has been delivered is not located in the United States or its territories or possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the North 
Mariana Islands), and that you consent to delivery of the Base Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
If you are in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (the UK), you are a qualified 
investor (i) which is an investment professional within the meaning of article 19(5) of the UK 
Financial Services and Markets Acts 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the Order) or a high 
net worth entity falling within article 49 of the Order, and (ii) to whom it may otherwise lawfully be 
communicated (any such person being referred to as a “relevant person”); (iii) if you are in any 
Member State other than the UK, you are a “qualified investor” within the meaning of article 2(1)(e) 
of Directive 2003/71/EC as amended (the Prospectus Directive); (iv) if you are acting as a financial 
intermediary (as that term is used in article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive), the securities acquired 
by you as a financial intermediary in the offer have not been acquired on a non-discretionary basis on 
behalf of, nor have they been acquired with a view to their offer or resale to, any person in 
circumstances which may give rise to an offer of any securities to the public other than their offer or 
resale in any Member State which has implemented the Prospectus Directive to qualified investors; 
(v) if paragraphs (ii) through (iv) do not apply, you are outside of the UK or EEA (and the electronic 
mail addresses that you gave us and to which the following Base Prospectus has been delivered are 
not located in such jurisdictions); and (vi) in all cases, you are a person into whose possession the 
following Base Prospectus may lawfully be delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction 
in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to deliver the following Base 
Prospectus to any other person. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a 
person into whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the 


 
 
4 
laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver 
the Base Prospectus to any other person. 
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an 
offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.  
The entities that will act as Arrangers, Lead Managers and Global Coordinators will be defined in the 
Final Terms corresponding to each of the issues. 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in electronic format. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission 
and consequently neither the securitisation fund management company (the Management 
Company) nor the Arrangers, the Director or the Joint Lead Managers nor any person who controls 
the Arrangers, the Director or the Joint Lead Managers nor any director, officer, employee, agent or 
affiliate of any such person nor the Fund nor the Seller (as defined below) accepts any liability or 
responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Base Prospectus distributed to you 
in electronic format herewith and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Fund 
and/or the Arrangers and the Joint Lead Managers. 
None of the Arrangers, the Director or any global coordinators, lead managers (including the Joint 
Lead Managers), bookrunners or underwriters makes any representation, recommendation or 
warranty, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of 
the information contained herein or in any further information, notice or other document which may at 
any time be supplied by the Fund in connection with the Notes and accordingly, none of the Arrangers 
or any global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or 
underwriter accepts any responsibility or liability therefore.  
Prospective purchasers of Notes should conduct such independent investigation and analysis, as they 
deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Notes. If you are in doubt 
about the contents of this document, you should consult your stockbroker, bank manager, legal 
adviser, accountant or other financial adviser. 
Each person receiving this Prospectus acknowledges that (i) such person has been afforded an 
opportunity to request and to review and has received all additional information considered by it to be 
necessary to verify the accuracy of or to supplement the information herein, (ii) such person has not 
relied on any of the Programme Parties (other than the Management Company) in connection with its 
investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision (iii) no person has been 
authorised to give any information or to make any representation regarding the Notes other than as 
contained herein and if given or made, any such other information or representation should not be 
relied upon as having been authorised and (iv) neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any 
sale made hereunder will create any implication that the information herein is correct as of any time 
since the date hereof. 
None of the Arrangers, the Director or any global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead 
Managers), bookrunner or underwriter undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Fund nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 


 
 
5 
attention of any of the Arrangers, the Director or any global coordinator, lead manager (including the 
Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwriter. 
No representation is made by the Management Company, the Arrangers, the Director, any global 
coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwriter as to the 
proper characterisation that the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes or the Class C Notes of any Note 
Series are or may be given for legal, tax, accounting, capital adequacy treatment or other purposes or 
as to the ability of particular investors to purchase the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class 
C Notes of any Note Series under or in accordance of any applicable legal and regulatory (or other) 
provisions in any jurisdiction where the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes of 
any Note Series would be subscribed or acquired by any investor and neither the Management 
Company nor the Arrangers, the Director nor any global coordinator, lead manager (including the 
Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwriter has given any undertaking as to the ability of 
investors established in any jurisdiction to subscribe to, or acquire, the Class A Notes, the Class B 
Notes and the Class C Notes of any Note Series. Accordingly, all institutions whose investment 
activities are subject to legal investments laws and regulations, regulatory capital requirements, 
capital adequacy rules or review by regulatory authorities should make their own judgement in 
determining whether and to what extent the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes 
of any Note Series constitute legal investments or are subject to investment, capital or other 
restrictions. Such considerations might restrict, if applicable, the market liquidity of the Class A 
Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes of any Note Series. 
 


 
 
6 
This document is the prospectus (the Base Prospectus) of Wizink Master Credit Cards, Fondo de 
Titulización (the Fund) authorised and registered with the Spanish Securities and Exchange 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the CNMV), in accordance with the 
provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 809/2004 dated 29 April 2004, as amended (Regulation 809/2004), 
which includes: 
 
a description of the main risk factors associated with the issue, with the securities and with the 
(a)
assets backing the issue (Risk Factors); 
 
a description of certain regulatory matters applicable to the Fund (Certain Regulatory and 
(b)
Industry Disclosures); 
 
a registration document for the securities, prepared in accordance with Annex VII of 
(c)
Regulation 809/2004 (the Registration Document); 
 
a note on the securities prepared in accordance with Annex XIII of Regulation 809/2004 (the 
(d)
Securities Note); 
 
an additional building block to the Securities Note prepared in accordance with Annex VIII of 
(e)
Regulation 809/2004 (the Additional Building Block);  
 
a glossary of defined terms used in this Base Prospectus (the Glossary of Terms); and 
(f)
 
a form of particular terms and conditions of each Notes Series (the Final Terms). 
(g)
 
 


CONTENTS

RISK FACTORS

1

33
34,
35
36.
37

RISKS DERIVED FROM THE ASSEIS BACKING THE ISSUE
Risk of non:payment by th Borrowers
The Seller may change the terms and conditions ol the Credi Card Agrecments|
the Reccivables and as Credit and Servicing Policies
The Seller may change the interest payable under the Reccivables
Interest Rat ns
sed Consumer prolecion la
Searches, Investigation and Warramtis in Relation to the Reccivables.
Limited protection.
Purchase af Reccivables
Changes in he Portfolio
No assurance of insurance protecion.
Projections, Forecasts and Estimates, Forwar
RISKS DERIVED FROM THE NOTES.
Subordination of the Class 3 Notes and th Class € Notes.
Relationship between Class A, Class B and Class C Notes and the Seller Interes
Credit Facility
Defaalt interest
Yield to Matuiy ol Abe Notes any Note Series and tho weighted average Ko
of he Notes of cach Note Series
Rating ol ho Rated Notes
Risk linked to the caly fcrmination ol a Notes Seres lasue and ihe Carly
Liquidation of he Fund.
Th Servicr.
Liquidiy
Tasue of further Notes Serios
Prepayments or payment rate
Early redemptio of the Notes
General Investment Consideration
Certin material interests and potential or cont
Change of comnterparties
RISKS DERIVING FROM THE LEGAL STATUS AND BUSINESS OF
THE FUND.
¡Nature of the Fund and obligaions ol the Management Company
Certin features o he Fund and the Programme have been creted in ho interest
of he See
Mandatory replacement ol the Management Company
Insolveney,
Beach ol agrccmonts by third paros
Esrosystem eligibility
US. Foreign Account Tax Compliance wihhokding may allcct payments on th
Nos.

oki sistemes

"

"

13

5
5

15
16

ñ
ñ

15
13

1
1

7
20

2
2
2
24
25
25
26
26

2
2

2
28
2
30
a

a


38.

41

42

43

44.

45
40.

Economic conditions into Euro zone.
Voleker Rule. Status of the Fund,

CERTAIN REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS.
Regulatory initaives may have an adverse impact on Iheregulatory treatment ol
the Notes. No assurance is given that ic transaction vil comply with LCR or
Solvency Il requirements
Impact of financial transaction taxes
No assurance is given that the transaction will be designated as a Simple,
transparentsecurtisaion
Change of law
CRAS.
European Markt Infrastructure Regulation EU 64/2012 (EMIR)

CERTAIN REGULATORY AND INDUSTRY DISCLOSURES.

1

"Compliance with EU Risk Retention Requirements

2
E
ES

E

35
6
36
y
39
29

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT FOR ASSET-BACKED NOTES (ANNEX VIE OF COMMISSION
REGULATION 809/2004),

1

6s.

6,
6.10.
61

7

PERSONS RESPONSIBLE.
Persons responsible for th information given in ihc Registration Document,
Declarations by the persons responsible for the information contained in the
Registration Document
'STATUTORY AUDITORS.
Issuer Auditor
Accounting principles uscd by the sor.
ISK FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH THE FUND,
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER.
Statement tt the issucr has been Incorporated asa sccuriisalion fan
Legal and comercial name o the issue,
Place al registration of te isuer and registration number.
Das of incorporstin and length oie She issucr
Domicile and legal form of the isuer, he legisation applicable t 1h ssucr
Description ol the issucr's suhorised and isued capital and the amount of any
capital agreed to be issued. the mumber and clases of he scuritis lt compries.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Brief description of th isuer main activi.
General description oh pares to the ecuritisation programme.
No guarantees by the issucr Securing notes issued by hird paris or any Mind
party labios
ADMINISTRATION, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES.
Management, administration and representation of the isuer.
Audit ol th financial statements of Uh Management Company
Principal activiis
Existence or non-cxisence ol holdings in or companios by the Management
Company.
Entitis from wxich hc Management Company has borowed more than 10%
Litigation of the Management Company
Administration, management and supervsory bodies ol (be Management
Company.
Principal activities performed by the individuals eferted to in section 6.7 above.
performed outside the Management Company where theso are significant with
espect lo the isucr.
Funds Managed.
Share Capital and Equity
Principal transaction wih related partcs and conflict l intros
MAIN SHAREHOLDERS OF THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY.

42
42
4

42
42
42
1
43
43
4
43
44
45
5

5
5
ss
so

59
59
59
so
so

m7)
6
6
6

6
2


s

sl

$2

$3

3.

9.
92.

10.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS
AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL SITUATION, AND PROFIIS AND
LOSSES.

Declaration on Commencement of operaions and financial statements ol 16.

issuer prior to the date of the Registration Document

Historical financial information

Legal and abitation proccedings.

Material adverse change in the Fund's financial Situation.

THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENIS BY EXPERTS
AND DECLARATIONS OF ANY INTEREST

Statements orreponsatributed to a person s an expert

Information from third parties
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY

¡SECURITIES NOTE (ANNEX VILTO REGULATION 809/2004)

1

41
42
43

451

49.

PERSONS RESPONSIBLE |
Persons responsible for th information contained in Ih Secunics No.
Declaraions by the persons responsible for the information contained in the
Securities Noe.
RISK FACTORS.
KEY INFORMATION
Interest of matural and legal persons involved in th jue
Description l any interes, including conilicting interests, tal is important for
the issue, detalling persons involved and the nature of their interests
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE NOTES TO BE OFFERED AND.
ADMITTED TO TRADING
Total amount ofhe secuitic admiticd to trading
Description of the type and class of the Notes.
Appointment of global coordinatos, lead” managers, bookrumers or
vnderwritrs in conmestion with the issue of the Notes.
Legislaion under vbich the Notes have been created
Indication of whether the socuiis are in ceiicated or book entry form.
Special provision in connection with unlisted Notes.
Ranking of the Notes according to hc subordination rules.
¡Nominal interest ate and provisins relaing to interest payabl
Maturity Date and redemption of the securiis.
Indication of the yield
Representation l the Notholders.
Resolutons, auhorzations, and approvals for ho Noles Seis
Issue of Notes Seis.
Restrction on he fr iansfcrabily ol the sscuriis.
ADMISSION TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS,
Market where the securitis vil be traded
Paying Agent
EXPENSES OF THE ADMISSION TO LISTING AND TRADING
Initial Expenses.
Note Serios Is Expensos,
OTHER INFORMATION
Statement of the capacity in which the advisors involved in Abe ¿sue tha aro
mentioned in th Securities Not have acted,
Other information in the Securities Note hat has bocn audicd or reviewed by
th auditor
Statements or reports atributcd to a person s an expe
Information source from third paris
Credit ratings assigned by the Rating Agencios

65

65

65
6

65

65
65

6
67

6
57

67

9

ss

o

1
7

74
16

9
104
106
106
109
E)
20
2
1]
7]
1]
1]
e

ms

ms
ls
ls
ls


ADDIFIONAL BUILDING BLOCK TO THE SECURITIES NOTE (ANNEX VIII OP
COMMISSION REGULATION 509/2003).
1

33

34
35

36.

37
38.

4
Schedule 1

SECURITIES.
Minimum denomination ol a Notes Seres.
Contirmation that the information reating to an undorakcing or obligor which ¿e
ot involved in he issue has been accuraely reproduced

UNDERLYING ASSETS.
Confirmation that the securiticod asscis backing he Notes Seis have the
capacity to produce the funds to service any payments due and payable on the
Notes.
Ases bucking the Notes Serios
Actively managed pool of asses packing the issue
Wire he Fund proposes o issue fuer securitis backed by the Sam aci, a
statement to that cffcct and description ol how the holders of tha class will e.
informed,

STRUCTURE AND CASH ELOW.
Description of the structure of transaction including, 1 nocessar, a diagram
Description af the entes pariipating in th issue and descripiom af Ahe dates
10 be performed by them
Description of thc method and date of ihc sale transíer, novato, asignment ol
the assts, or ol any right and/or obligation in th asets to he issuer
Explanation of hc Flow of Funds.
Name, address and significa business activi ol orginators of Ile ecuriiz
Return and/or sepayment ol ihe socuriis with others tl av ok asis ol 16.
Service, calcultion agent or equivalent
Name, address and brief description of any Swap, cri, Iiquidiy or account
transaction coumterpary.

POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION,

Giossary of Terms

Schedule 2

Form of Final Term

sr
E]
a

m1
5]

m1
1
o

ro
ro
m

me

rs
207

E)

26
26

308
309
314
314
3
37


RISK FACTORS

RISKS DERIVED FROM THE ASSETS BACKING THE ISSUE

Rúsicof non-payment by the Borrowers

Neithr Wizink BANK, S.A. (WIZINK) as seller o the Reccivables 1 the Fund (lc Seller),
or he Director, he Armangers and th Joint Lead Managers or any global coordinato, lead
manager, bookrunner or underwrier ssumes any labilty for non payment by th individuals
who have entred into such Credit Card Agreement as principal bligors to ho Seller (he
Borrowers and cach of them a Borrower), whether for principal, interest or any other
“amount owed by virtuc of the Reccivables. The Reccivables do not benefit from any personal
guarantee or security

Each holder of a securiisation note (the Notes) issued by the Fund (a Noteholder) will bear
Ae risk of nompayment by the Borromers always taking into account the protection
mechanisms described in section 34.3 of the Additional Building Block.

Transfer of tie to the Reccivables will be complete and unconditinal throughout the
remaining repayment period until maturity of each Reccivabl, Pursuant o article 1,529 a the
Civil Code and aicke 348 of the Commercial Code, the Seller will only be held lible
visavis the Fund for th existence and legitimacy of the Receivable, in the terms
and conditions declaed in this Base Prospectus and the public decd ol incorporaion of the
Fund (he Deed of Incorporation) that are set forth in this Base Prospectus, as well as for
Ale legal stats with which it caes out the sale.

Likewise, he Soler will not grant colateral or bank guarantee, whether puesuant to the Decd!
f Incorporation, orto this Base Prospectus, orto any oxher agreement or contra o secure
le payments under the Reccivablos by he Borrowets (subject 0 th in rem rights of pledge
in favour of the Fund granted over the accounts opened by WIZINK in its capacity as senvicer
f the Purchased Reccivables (the Servicer) with the Collections Accoun Bank for the
purposes set out in section 34.39 of the Additional Building Block (ve Collections
Account) to reduce the commingling risk us described in section 34.3 of the Additional
Building Block (see risk factor 34 in this regard).

AI of this, without prejudice to (6) the Sellers obligation to repurchase the Purchased
Reccivables that do not comply with the applicable sale representations or, alernatively
indermity the Fund where such repurchase is not possible, subject to and in accordance with
le provisios set fort in section 229 of hc Additional Building Block, () ho General
Rescrse and (il the Commingling Reserve described in sections 34.37 and 0 of the
Additional Building Block, respectively.

"he Notes of any series [cach a Note Serie) do not represent or constitute an obligation of
he Seller, the Director, any global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead


12

Managers), bookrunner or underurier, the Eligble Hedging Coumerpartes or of the
Management Company.

No guarantees have been granted by any public or private entiis, including the Seller,
lie Management Company, the Director, any global coordinato, lead manager (including the
Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwrier, the Eigible Hedging Counterparts, the
Paying Agent, the Isuer Accounts Bank or any other fir affiliated with or invested by any
fte above.

"he Seller may change the terms and conditions of the Credit Card Agrecments, the
Reccivables and its Credit and Servicing Pol

Alihough th legal ile of the Reccivabls will be trnsfered by the Sellr to hc Fund, the
Seller will coninuc to manage the Credit Cards undor which the Reccivables come into
existence and will remuin th contractual comnterpay of the Borrowees under the Credit Card
Agreements. As such, the Seller retains the right to change various terms and conditions of
le Credit Cards (as governed by the related Credit Card Agreement) including ho interest
“amownts and hr ses it charges and the required minimum monthly payment in accordance
vii usual business practices.

Tas Seller muy change the terms of to Credit Card Agrecments in a manner which may
reduce the amount of Reccivables ariing under the Credit Card Agreements, may reduce the
“amount of the Available Collections on those Reccivables or henviso may adversely alter
payment patterns. Additional, as described in section 1.3 below, the Seller may change the
ate of periodic interes amownts.

Addiionaly, the Seller shall be entiled to amend the Credit Card Agreements if such
“amendment (A) is th mandatory result of a final cout resolution, (8) is imposed by any
competent administrative or regulatory authority, (C) affect th interes ate or he fee, ho
insalment due date, th instalment amount ana/or the maximum suthorised credit amount to
le extent permited by Uh terms of such Credit Card Agreement he usual Credit Policies
“and the Servicing Policies or (D) is required by applicable laws ce regulation,

Ceriin mechanisms have been introduced in the documentation to minimiso the impact of
such amendments to the Credit Card Agrecment as described in section 34.3 of the
Additional Building Block

Additional, the Servicr shall be entiled to agree amendments or weit-olÍ in relarion to
hc Purchased Reccivables in the context and within the limits set out in ts serving and
management policies (the Servicing Policies), which could also imply a reduction the amount
af the Available Collections on those Purchascd Reccivables ar oxhenvise adversely alter
payment pateras.

In order to miigate this risk, any such amendents ac subjec o certain limits and in some.
instances, 1 the payment of Seller Diluions by the Seller to tbe Fund, as set cut in section
33.1.10 of the Additional Building Block,


13.

14

In addition, the Seller may change its credit policios (the Credit Policies) and Servicing
Policies, procedures and practices relating o the operation of its general credit business if
such change is mado applicable to the comparable segment of revolving credit accounts
“owned and serviced by the Seller.

"he Seller may change the interest payable under the Reccivables

Tas interest rte payable under the Reccivables is contractual agrecd between the Seller and
hc Borrower. In accordance vih the information provided in section 22.2 of the Additional
Building Block, the wighted average contractual nominal interest rate of the Audited
Portfolio is 23936. For these purposes, Audited Portfolio means the aggregate of the
Reccivables audited by KPMG Auditores, SL... (KPMG or the Auditor) from which the
Reccivable to e transcrred to the Fund on the Fund Incorporation Date (or, as applicable,
om any other Purchase Date during helio of the Fund) will be selected

Tas Seller may modify the terms and conditions oh Credit Card Agreement (including the
interest rate applicable under the Reccivables from time 1o time) after individually notifing.
he Borrower with th legally applicable prior notice to the proposed date f implementation
fte amendments.

In case that the Seller modifics th terms and conditions of the Credit Card Agreements
educing the interest rate applicable under the Reccivables ihre would be a reduction of the
amounis reccived by the Fund and consequenly its capacity to honour lts payments
¿bligation under the Notes.

Conscquently, here can be no guarantee tha he yield eccived folowing such a rate change
vil rem a he same level relative to th rte of interes payable by the Fund on the Notes.

Interest Rate risk

Tac Reccivables to be purchasod by the Fund bear an adjustable fixed interest rate while the
Clas A Notes andfo he Class 1 Notes and/or th Class C Notes of any Note Series may bear
a oating rate of interest as specific in th relevant the Issuing Document

Conscquently, the Fund may be exposed to an interest rate risk which muy be hedged
contractually (tough th seting af» Maximum Interest Rat to the relevant Notes) or with
any Class A Hedging Agreement on the issue of any Class A Floating Rate Notes, ny Class
B Hedging Agreement on the issue of any Class B Flosting Rate Notes any Class C Hedging
Agreement on the issue ol any Class C Floating Rate Notes entered ito between the Fund,
represented by the Management Company, and any Eligible Hedging Counterparts,

Where interest rate risk is hedged with any Hedging Agreement, during periods in which
fMosting rate payments payable by any Eligible Hedging Counterparty under any Hedging.
Agreement are greater than the fixed rate payments payable by the Fund under th same
Hcdging Agreement, hc Fund will be more dependent on recciving net payments from the.
Eligble Hedging Counterpaty in order to make interest payments on the Noles of any Note
¡Series bearing a ati interes ae


15.

1 in such u period the Eligible Hedging Coumterpary fil to pay any amounts when due
under the Hedging Agreement the Available Distribution Amount may not be sufficient to
make all required payments n the Notes of any Note Seres and the holders of such Notes
may experience delays and/or reductios in Ahe interest and principal payments on thcir
Naxos.

During periods in which floating mate payments puyable by any Eligible Hodging
Counterpary under any Hedging Agreement are less than the fixed ate payments payable by
le Fund under the sam Hedging Agreement, the Pund will be obliged under the Hedging
Agreement to muks net payment to the Eligble Hedging Coumterpary

The Eligible Hedging Countepany's claims for payment (including contain termination
payments required to be made by the Fund upon a termination of the Hedging Agreement)
under the Hedging Agreement will rank higher in priority than all payments on the Class A.
Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class C Notes.

Y a net payment under any oÉ the Hodging Agreement is due to any Eligible Hodging.
Counterpary on a Payment Date, th then Available Distribution Amount may be insufficien:
o make such net payment to the Eligible Hedging Counterparty and, ín tun, intrest and
principal payments to the holders of Notes of any Note Series so that the Noteholders may
experience delays anor reduction in the interest and principal payments on their Notes,

Tas Fund is exposed to the risk that any Eligible Hodging Counterpany may become
insalvent. ln the event that any Eligible Hedging Coumterpany sufies a ring downgrade.
below the required ratings. the Fund may terminate the relevant Hedging Agreement if the
Eliible Hedging Counterparty falls, within a set period of time, to take centsin actions
intended to mitigte he effects of such downgrade. Such actions may include the Eliible
Hedging Counterpay collaerlising is obligations under the Hcdging Agreement,
transering its obligations to a replacement interest ate swap Coumerpary having the
required ratings or procuring that an entity vih the required ratings becomes a co obligar
vih or guarantr oh Eligible Hdging Counterpary as fonher described in section 3:48.
df the Adáiional Building Block

However in th event any Eligible Hedging Counterpary is downgraded below th required
ratings there can be no assurance that a co-obligor, guarantor or replacement interes rate
«svap counterpary vil be found or tha the amount of collateal provided will be sufficien to
meet hc Eligible Hodging Counterpanty”s obligatoos

Credi

Consumer protection law

The Spanish Supreme Court has recently ruled (Judgment 628/2015 of 25 November) that
contractual interest rates which are bwice the “normal interest rates” are “usurious” and,
therefore, ilegal,

Wen determining what is the "normal interest rate" o the money for these purposes, the
Judgment resortd to the interest rat satiscs published by the Bank of Spain, in accordance

"


16

vih Regulation (EU) No 1072/2013 of the European Central Bank of 24 September 2013 and
Bankcof Spain Circular 1/2010 0f 27 Januwry)

However, pursuant to such interest rate staistic, the interest rate of the Credit Cards
Agreements of the Seller (he breakxdown of which is included in section 222 of the
Additional Building Block) is lower than twice the average TEDR interes rat (equivalent to
TAE but without including fees) of credit cards for 2017 (which, according to the latest
statistics published by the Bank of Spain available

pude csfwcbie/esletadisinfocs/bolestIO. hm, is. cumemtly at 20.74%).
Therefore t should not be considered "usurios” in accordance with the est set out n the

Judgment

At present, a percentage cqualto only 0.0076 of Wizink accounts (calculated over the total
úpontolio amount potentialycligible for the Programme), ae subjec o claims regarding the
interest rates applied over the Credit Cards Agrecments.

Searches, Investigations and Warrantis in Relation to the Reccivables

The Seller will give cersin warramics o he Fund regarding the Reccivables sold to the Fund.
¡See scction 22.8 of the Additional Building Block in his regard.

Neither the Management Company, the Fund, the Arrangers, the Director, the Global
Coordimators, the Joint Lead Managers nor any Eligble Hedging Countepartis have
vunderiaken, or will underake, any investigation, scarches or other actions of any mature
wwbiatsocwer in respect of any Reccivables in the Audited Ponfolio or to establish the
ereditworihines of any Borrowers and cach relcs instcad on the warratis given by the
¡Seller which are dislosed in section 22. of th Additional Building Block.

As such, the Reccivables may be subject to matters which would have been revealed by a full
investigation or, incopable of remody had such matters been revealed. The primary remedy.
df the Fund against the Seller áf any of the warmantics made by the Seller is muterally
reached or proves to be mateialy untrue as at the Purchase Date which bresch is mot
emedid will be to require the Seller o repurchaso any relevant Reccivable in accordance
vih the repurchase provision in he Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement, as
set for in Section 229 of the Additional Building Block. The Seller is lable for any
repurchase. However, there can be no assurance thu th Seller will have the financial
resources tohonour such obligations.

Funhcrmore, th Seller hs undertaken o notify he Fund upon becoming aware of material
reach of any representation and warranty in relation to the Reccivables. The Seller ás not
bliged to monitor compliance of hc Reccivables with the representations and warrantis
following the relevant Purchase Dat,


17

18

Limited protection

An investment in the Notes of any Notes Series may be affect, inter ala, by a deterioraion
f the general cconomic conditions that have a negative cffect on the payments of the
Recciables that back the isue of the Notes of any Notes Seres by the Fund, In the cvent hat
úon-payments reach an elevated level, hey could reduce, or even climinate, the protection
“against loses in the Reccivables portfolio which the Notes of any Notes Seres benefit from
as a result of the credit enhuncements described under section 3.43 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

Nowwithstanding the foregoing consideraion, ho risk of the Notcholders is mitigated by the
difrentPrioritics of Payments described in section 347.2. he Adáitional Building Block.

Purchase of Reccivables

There is no assurance that in th future the originaion or the current level of origination af
ox Reccivables satisizing the Eliibilay Criteria set out in section 22.82 of the Additional
Building Block (the Eligible Reccivables) (tansfered by the Seller to the Fund in the
context of Initial Transfers) or mew Reccivables deriving from additional: Deawings
(transfrred in the context of Additional Transfers) will be maintained and tt, consequently,
during the Programme Revolving Period (only), the Fund's securitised portfolio will he
replenished at its required level to prevent the occurence of a Revolving Termination Event
(as defined in section 3.1.3 of the Additional Building Block) which will carl terminate the
Programme Revolving Period and will sar the Programme Amortisation Period. Once the
Programme Amortisation Period has started, the Seller shall transfer Eligible Reccivables in
hc context of Addisonal Transfers and may still be enttcd to transfer Eligible Reccivables
in the context ol Initial Transfer but with no guarants to prevent a breach of he Minimum

Failure by the Seller to transfer Eigible Reccivables to the Fund for an amount at last equal
o Ae Minimum Purchase Amount on cach Purchase Date during the Programme Revolving
Period and the Programme Amortisation Period shall ncihor consitute a Seller Exent of
Default during the Programme Revolving Period or the Programme Amortisaion Period, nor
necessarily cause the occumence of the Revolving Termination Event during the Programme
Revolving Period.

In any cas, it should be noted that the fact hat for the Gth consecutivo Payment Dates the.
Unapplicd Revolving Amount standing a the Treasury Account exceeds 15 per cen. (15%)
of he aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Note Series on such date (a Purchase
hora) would cause a Revolving Termination Event

le should be noted that hc Fund sall not purchase from the Seller Eliible Reccivables in the
omext of Initial Transfers anclor Additional Transfers if any of the Conditions Precedent to
the Purchase of Reccivables set out in section 3.3.1.2 of the Additional Building Block are not
satisfied


19

140,

Changes in the Portfoio

Tas characteristics of the portfolio of outstanding Purchascd Reccivables will change from
time o time vih (1) he additional purchases ol Reccivables in the context o Initial Transfers
andlor Additional Transfers by the Fund during he Programme Revolving Period, the
Programme Amortiation Period and th Programme Accclerated Amortsation Period and (1)
lc repayment or prepayment, as th case may be, af he Reccivables.

"hc Eligibility Criteria described in section 22.82 of the Additional Building Block aim at
limiting the changos af the overall characteristics he Purchased Reccivables

No assurance of insurance protection

Tas Credit Card Agreements ofr the Borrower the option of taking out insurance to cover
he risk of the Borrowers deaih, temporary or permanent incapacity, unemployment or
hospitalisation. The Ageregate Outstanding Debe of the insured Credit Cards was EUR
1134061375 as of 16 June 2017, representing 18.72% of the Aggregate Outstanding Debt
In al such Credit Card Agrecments, the Seller was designated as bencficiary o he insurance
payment and therefore, hsc payments (the Insurance Indempification) would form part of
hc rigts conferrd upon ho Fund, a esablshod in section 3.3 of the Additional Building
Block.

Projection, Forecasts and Estimates. Forward-looking statements

Certsin maters contained in this Base Prospectus are forvardeooking statements. Such
Statements appear in a mumber of places in this Base Prospects, including with respect to
assumptias on prepayment and certain other characteristics ol Abe Reccivables and reflcct
significant assumptions and subjecive judgments by th Management Company that may or
may not prove to he correct Consequentl, future resulis may difer from the Funds
expectations due to a varity of factors, including (but not limited 10) the cconomic
environment and changes in governmental regulations, fiscal poli, plaming or tax laws in
Spain or elsewhere. Morcover, past Financial performance should not be considered a reliable
indicator of future performance and prospective purehasers of any Class A Note andlor any
Class E Notes of any Note Series and/or any Class C Notes of any Note Seris are cautioned
hat any such statements are not guarantees of performance and imvolve risks and
uncerzimis, many of which are beyond the control of the Management Company. Neither
ll Arrangers the Director nor any global coordinatr, lead manager (ncluding the Joint
Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwriter has atempted or will attempt to verify any such
“tatements, and do not make any represenatio, express or implid, with respect thereto.

More generally, when issucd in this Base Prospectus, the words “expectís)", “inend(s)",
*will**may”, “anticipat(s)" and similar expressions are intended to identióy formard-Iooking
tatements. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertintics which could cause
“actual results to dife matrilly from those projectd,

In addition, any projectins, forecasts and estimates contained hercin are forward looking.
tatements and are necessarily speculaive in mature. can be expected that some oral he

"


“assumptioos underiing such projections vil not materalise or will vary significaly from
actual results. The historical performance o similar obligaions is not necessarily indicativo
fits future performance,

"Tac financial and other information set out in this Base Prospecta, represents the historical
experience of the Seller None of the Arrangers, the Director any global coortinato, lead
manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwriter, the Management
Company, the Paying Agent, the Issuer Accounts Bank or any of the Eligble Hedging
Counterpaics has undertaken or will underiake any investigation or review o, r search to
verify he historical information.

There is no assurance ihat the future experience and performance of the Purchased
Reccivable, the Fund or the Service will be similar to th historical experience described in
bis Base Prospecta

2. RISKS DERIVED FROM THE NOTES

2

22.

Subordination of he Class E Notes und the Class C Notes

Credit etancement for the Class A Notes of cach Notes Series will be provided by the
subordination of payments on the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes of the coresponding
Notes Series during the Programme Resolving Period and the Programme Amortisaion.
Periad, and, by the subordintion of payments on the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes of
“il Notes Series during the Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period,

In adóition, credit enhancement for the Class B Notes of each Notes Series will o provided
by th subordination of payments on the Class C Notes of the corresponding Notes Series
during he Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortsation Period, and, by the
subordintion of payments on the Class C Notes of all Notes Seres during the Programme
Accelerated Amoriation Period.

Nevertheless there s no certainty that these subordination rules shall protect any class of
Noxchalders from tbc risk of loss.

According to section 3.13 of the Additional Building Block, only the non-payment of the
¿nerst due and payable of th then most senior clas of Notes heewcen the Class A Notes and
the Class Notes shall e considered an Accclerated Amoriation Event

Relationship between Class A, Class and Class € Notes and the
Facility

seller Interest Credit

Dating the Programme Revolving Period () the payments olineret under the Seller Interest
Credit Faciliy
most senior Class of Notes of all outstanding Note Series (whether it be Class A Notes, Class
B Notes or Class C Notes) and () the payments of principal under ho Seller Interest Credit
Facil will b paid on the same rank with the payments of principal under the then most
senior Class of Notes o all outstanding Not Series (whether t be Class A Notes, Class B

be paid on th same rank with the payments ol interest under the hen

1


23.

24.

Notes or Class C Notes) (provided that the Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is not in
debit om he preceding Calculation Date),

Daring the Programme Amoriation Period and the Programme Accelerated Amortisation
Peri () the payments of interest on he Seller Interest Credit acility ae subordinatd to the
payments ol interest of he Notes of any Noe Series and () he payments of principal under
he Seller Interest Credit Facility will e subordinated to the full redempion olle Class AL
Nokes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes oPall Note Series,

Default interest

In the event hat on a Payment Date the Available Distribution Amount, fir going through
be Interes Shortal Priority of Payments, ar not sulfiient o meet in full interes amount due
under he Notes, the mp amount of interest will e postponed.

Tas postponed interest will neither accrue default interest nor imply capitalisatio of the debt.

For bese purposes, Payment Date means the day falling on th 26th án cach month of each
year (subject o the Modified Following Business Day Convention)

Interest Shortfall Priority of Payments has the meaning set out in section 2472 of the
Additional Building Block

Yield to Maturity of the Notes of any Note Series and the weighted average lie of the
Notes o each Note Series

Tas yield o maturity on the Note Seris will e sensitive to and affected by th amount and
timing of delinquencies, prepayment and payment patera, revolvng and credit card usage,
diltion and default on the Parehased Reccivables he level uf he relevant interes reference
rate with respect to the Notes the occurrence of any Revolving Termination Events or any
Accelerated Amoniation Events (as these terms are defined in section 3.1.3 of the Additional
Building Block), the issuance of a new Note Sercs, the redemption of a Note Series, the
ccurtence of an Optional Farly Redemption Event as defined in section 4.8.0 he Securities
Nole), the exercise by the Seller o the optional repurchase of Purchascd Reccivables and th
carly liquidation of the Fund. Each of such events may impact the respectivo wcighted
“average lives and th yield o matrity of th Notes of any Note Series

Tas wcighted average interest rte of he Credit Card Agrecments may decrease from timo to
time due to variws economic financial or commerci

Tas wcighted average lio of he Notes of any Note Series and th relevant assumptions shall
be specified (5) with respect to the Notes of the Note Series Lo be issued on the Fund
Incorporation Date, in th relevant Issuing Document and () vih respect to the Notes of any
Noe Seres to be issued on any Issue Date (other than the Fund Incorportion Date), in the
relevant ssuing Document


25.

Rating of tc Rated Notes

"as credit risk of the Notes of any Notes Seres (the Rated Notes) may be assessed by the
Rating Agencios specilicd in the applicable Issuing Document of cach Note Seris (the
Relevant Rating Agencies) as referred to in section 7. oh Securtics Not.

"he Class A Notes and the Class B Notes (if any) of any Note Series shall always bo Rated
Notes. lts not obligatory that the Class C Notes are Rated Notes. That said, ¡Pte Class C
Notes of any Note Serie are Rated Notes, the Class C Notes of such Note Series shall bo
rated a least by one of the Relevant Rating Agencies.

Tas meaning of th ratings assigned to the Rated Notes can be consultd in th web pages of
tc Relevant Rating Agencies.

The Relevant Rating Agencies muy not confirm any ol the preliminary ratings iniially
assigned o the Rated Notes (or cuen wilhdraw such preliminary ratings) before o during the
Subscription Date ln such event th issue of such Note Seris will be terminated by the
Management Company (as described in section 2.6 below)

In addition, the Relevant Rating Agencies may revise, suspend or withdraw the final rating.
assigned to the Rated Notes in cach class at any timo, based on any information that may
ome to their atention and/or changes in rating methodologies and practices.

Therefore, these ratings are not and cannot therefore be construed as am invitation,
recommendation or encosragement for investors to procced to carry out any transaction
vwhatsocver on the Rated Notes and, in particular, acquir, keep, charge or sel hose Rated
Naxos.

In general, European regulated invetors are resrited under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009.
af the European Parlament and the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies
(Regulation 1060/2009) from using credit ratings fr egulatory purposes, unless such ratings
are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under Regulation
1060/2009 (and such registration has not been withdrawo or suspended). The list of registered
“and comáficd rating agencies published by the European Securitics and Markets Authority
(ESMA) on lts website in accordance with Regulation 1060/2009 is not conclusive evidence
af the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there might be delays

etween certain supersisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the
publication of the updated ESMA lis, Certain information with respect to the credit rating
“agencies and ratings is st ut in this Base Prospecta

In addition to the aborementioned, here could be snsoli

ed ratings published in respect of
the Rated Notes L such unsolicted ratings ae lower than he comparable rating assigned to
the Rated Notes by the Relevant Rating Agencies, those unsolicited rings could have an
“adverse efect onthe value of th Rated Notes

a


26. — Risk linked to the early termination oa Notes Serios issue and the carly liquidation of
the Fund

26.

Early ta

Anissue ola Notes Series vil be terminatod by the Management Company if:

0)

0

0)

0

0)

0

5)

any of the preliminary ratings initiolly assigned to the Rated Notes by the
Relevant Rating Agencies have not been confirmed (or if such ratings are
vwilhdrawa) before or during the Subscription Date; or

an event occurs that could mot be forescen or, even if forescen, inevitable
rendering it impossible to perform th subscription or disbursement of the Notes
of such Notes Series pursuant to article 1,105 of the Civil Code (force majeure)

the conditions procedent to the relevant Notes Subscription Agreement as
described in he Subscription Agreement are not met before th beginning of the
Subscription Period; or

an Insolveney Event has occurred with respect to the Seller before the
«isbursement of hc relevant Notes on the Disbursement Date; or

the General Reserve is nt funded sp to the General Reserve Required Amount
specified in the relevant Iscuing Document, (1) with respect Lo the first Note
Series issued on the Fund Incorporaion Date, before the disbursement of the
Notes on the Disbursement Date, (if) with respect o the subsequent Note Series
issued by he Pund, on he Issue Date; or

the Commingling Reserve is not funded up to le Commingling Reservo
Required Amount specified in th relevant Isuing Document, (1) with respect to
the first Note Series issued on the Fund Incorporation Date, before the
¿isbursement of the Notes on the Disbursement Date () wilh respect 10 the
subsequent Note Series isued by he Fund, on he sue Date; or

the Seller (as Expenses Subordinated Facility Provider) has not made availble to
th Fund under the Expenses Subordinated Facility an amount equal to (6) wit
respect to he first Note Seris issued on the Fund Incorporaion dae, the Initial
Expenses and the Note Series Isue Expenses before the disbursement of the
Notes on the Disbursement Date and () with respect to any oxher Note Serios,
the Note Series Issue Expenses on or prior the relevant sue Date of such Note.
Series.

"ac cary termination f he issue o a Note Seris other than as described below with respect

o te sue of the Nate Series to be made on the Fund Incorporation Dat) sh

a Fund Liquidation Event nor imply the cxiinguishment of the Fund ín any manner

a


22.

vwbatsocver and shall not afec nor cause the terminatio of any of the Note Seres previously
issued by th Pund.

1 the Note Series to be issued on the Fund Incorporaion Date is culy terminated in
accordance with section 4.4.7.1 f the Registration Document for any reason (otr han the
úccurrence of the event forescen in paragraph (4) of such section 447.1) the Purchase Price
af Ae intial portfolio of Eliible Reccivables shall e funded with a drawing under the Seller
Interest Credit Facility

262. Farlyliquidation of the Fund

1 the Note Series to be issued on the Fund Incorporaion Date ás carly terminated in
“accordance with section 4:4.12 of the Registration Document upon the occurence of an
Insolvency Event with respect to the Seller before the disbursement of he relevant Notes on.
the Disbuescment Date, Fund il be terminated by the Management Company

In the event forescen in the preceding paragraph, the transtor of he Reccivabls to the Fund!
made under the Decd of Incorporation, the issue of the Notes Series issued on the Fund
Incorporation Date, as well as the est of agreements of the Fund vil e terminated and the
Fund will bo extinguished, The Seller shall pay all the Initial Expenses and the Note Series
Issue Expenses incured as a resul of the incorporation of the Fund and the issu of the Notes
¡Series isucd on the Fund Incorporation Date

"he Servicer

Without prejudice that the obligutins to manage and service the Reccivables correspond!
inially to the Management Company as master sevicer of the Purchased Reccivables (in
such condition, the Master Service) in accordance with article 26.1 b) of Law S/2015, o 27
April, on the Business Financing Promotion (Ley 5/2015, de 27 de abril, de Fomento de la
Financiación Empresarial) (Law SIZ015), the custody and servicing of the Reccivables will
be caried out by WIZINK (in such condition, he Servicer) as services provider without such
“appointmentimplying a limittion of the lablsy of the Management vis-vis the noteholders
“and any funder of the Fund, in accordance with he terms described in section 3.72 of the
Additional Building Block and in he Deod of Incorporaion

la Servicer Termination Enent occur (as this is defined in soction 312.14 of th Additional
Evilding Block), then the Fund will be entiled to terminate the appointment of ho Servicer
and the Management Company, acting in the name and on behalf of ho Fund as Master
Servicer and as backup servicer facilttor in accordance with section 372.14 of the
Additional Building Block, shall use ts reasonable endeavours to find, select and appoint a
ev servier (also as services provider) in lts place.

Any change in the Service could delay collection of payments on the Reccivables and
ultimately could advensely afcct the abily of the Fund to make payments in fal on the
Naxos.

»


28.

la Servicer Termination Exent occurs there can be no assurance that a replacement server
vih suficiet experience in sevicing the Reccivables would e found who wosld be willing
“and able to service the Reccivables on the temas, or substantialy similar terms, set out in
section 372.1 of the Additional Building Block. No assurance can be given that such
replacement servicr vil not charge fs in excess of the fees o be paid to the Servicer

Funhermore, it may be that th terms on which a replacement servicer may be appoined are
substantialy different from those et out in section 312.1 of the Additional Building Block
“and the terms may be such that the Noteholders may bo adversly affected. The ability of a
replacement servicer to fully perform the required services would depend, among other
thing, on the information, software and records available as the time of hc appointment
Transition from a ervicr o a replacement servicer may result in delays in the performance:
af servicing functions. Any delay or inabilty to appoin a replacement servicer muy affect
payments on he Reccivables and hence the Fund' ability to make payments when due on the
Naxos.

Th Notcholders have no right to give orders or directions to the Management Company in
relation to the datics and/or appointment or removal of the Servicer. Such rights ae vested
solely inte Management Company.

In addition, Noteholders should be aware that the Servicer has no obligaion itself o advance:
payments that Borrowers fil to make in a timely fashion

Class A Notes, Class 1 Notes and Class C Notes of any Notes Series may be unlistod or listed
on the ALAF Fixed Income Market (AJAF). There is no guarantee that a minimum volume or
frequency of Notes transacios will be fordhcoming in the market, here s no city required
10 intervene in ho secondary murkel, providing liquiiy to the Notes by offering Hell as
ounterpaty. n particular, ncher th Director, he Arrangers nor any global coordinator lead
manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underuriter nor any of their
afílites ac obliged to intervene in hn secondary market, providing liuidiyto the Notes,

A prolonged reduction in demand for assctbacked or other debt securitic, alone ar in
combination with he contuing increase in previling murket interest rats, may adversely
“ff the muzket value of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes or he Class C Notes, the
ability of he Noteholdes o sell he Class A Notes, the Class B Notes or the Class C Notes or
“cquire credit protection on the Notes and may cause significant uctuations in ho market
value of he Class A Notes, the Class B Notes o the Class C Notes. Any of the above muy
result in significant loss to the Noteholders

Funhcrmore, outside the optional redemption us st for in section 4.8. of the Secuitics Note
“and in the case of Early Liquidation of the Fund upon the terms ss forh in section 443 o he
Registraion Document, the Fund may not carl redeem the Notes

>


29.

240.

Issue of further Notes Series

In accordance with the open nature af he Fund, the Fund may from timo to timo during the
Programme: Revolving Period. issue fumher Notes Series: wihout notice to existing
Notcholders and wihout tir consent and which may have diferen term from outstanding.
notes. Bach issue of fuer Notes Series vil e subject o th fulflment of the Further Note
Series Issuance Conditions Precedent st out in section 4.12. of the Securities Note have
en satisfied,

"ae issuance of new Note Series could adversely affct the timing and amount of payments
on outstanding Notes of any Note Series, For example, some Note Seris issued alter any
existing Noto Series may have a higher interest rte than th existing Note Series. This could
resultin a reduction in th amos available pay interes on any exising Note Series

1 funiber Note Serics are issued, the Available Amontisation Amount would be shared!
“amongst all outstanding Notes with potential effects on the amownts payable towards the
redemption of cach outstanding Class A Note, cach outstanding Class B Note and cach
¿outstanding Class C Note of any Note Series and making the rue st which they amomtiso
lower han would otherwise be the case.

In order to migo this ik t should e noted hat
(a) the Scheduled Amontisation Starting Date of any new Note Seics shall oy fall ater

th Schoduled Amortisation String Date of any previously issued Note Seres which
remains oststanding on th Issue Date of such new Note Series and

(b) — a fixed ratio o allocrion of principal (1. the Note Seres 20xx-yy Principal Ratio)
between the outstanding Note Series which enable a faster amortisaion of any Note
Series compured to a pro rata allocaion and to preserve the economic interests of
previously issued Note Seres has hen setup (subject to an automatic rest n case of
furor issue of a Note Series ora ful redemption)

Prepayments or payment rate

Faster han expected ates af prepayments r principal payment rte on he Reccivables vil
cause the Fund to make payments of principal on the Notes carl than expected and will
horten the matuity of the Notes of any Note Seris. Prepaymens or higher payment rate om
lt Reccivables may occur as a result of 1) prepayments of Reccivables by Borrowes in
whole or in part () increase of the instalments by the Borrowers above the minimum
contractual insalments; (ii) iquidations and «ther recoveries due to default and (iv)
repurchases by the Seller of any Receivable. A wide varity of economis, social and hr
factors will influence the rate of prepayments on the Reccivables, No prediction can be made.
as o the actual prepayment rates tas will be experienced on the Reccivables

1 principal is paid on the Notes of any Notes Series cali than expected due to prepayments
om the Reccivables (such prepayments occuning a timo when interest rates are lower than
imeest rats Abat would otherwise be applicd if such prepuyments have not ben made or

E


242.

made at a different time), Noteholders may not be able lo reinvest the principal in a
omparable security with an ffecive interes rate equivalent to the interest rate on the Notes
of any Note Series. Similary, 1 principal payments on the Notes of any Note Series are made
Late than expected due 10 slower han expected prepayments or payments on the Reccivables,
Nouholders may lose investment opportunities. Notcholders will bar all rcinvesiment risk
resulting from receiving payments of principal on he Notes of any Note Serios caricr o later
Alan expected,

Early redemption of the Notes

In accordance with section 45 of Secuitics Note, subject to certain conditions, th Seller
may be ente to insruc he Management Company o exercise on behalf o he Fund (5) the
ú«ptionalredempaion of th relevant Note Serie on he applicable Not Series 20x3-yy Clean
Up Cal Date or (il) the opúional redemption of the relevant Note Seris on the Note Series
201x-yy Cal Date specified in the applicable Isuing Document.

For hs purposes as described in section 43.5 Optional Esrly Redemption of the Securitics
Noe:

Note Series 20x3-yy Clean-Up Call Date means, in respect of any Note Series 200%39; the
Payment Date on which the Note Series 20%-3y Clean-Up Call Condition is satisicd and any
subsequent Payment Date

Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date means, with respec o the Note Series 20x1-yy, any cal! dae
(Which is a Payment Date) specific in th applicable Isuing Document. Any Note Series
may have one or several Note Seies 20xx-yy Call Dat(s) which can be successive or not

Y a Notes Serios is redecmed carr than expected due to the exercise by the Fund.
(following instructions of the Seller) of the carly redemption of such Note Series,
Nolcholders may not be able to reinvet the principal in a comparable security with am
effective interest rate equivalent to the interest ate on the Notes of amy Note Senos
Noteholders will bear all rcinvestment risk resulting from carly redemption of the Notes of
any Note Sericscaticr than expected,

General Investment Considerations

"he Notes Series ae addressod solely to qualficd investors as defined in article 29 of Royal
Decree 1310/2005, of 4 November, parly developing the Law 24/1988, of 2 July, on the
Spanish Securities Market Law in regard to admission to trading of securiic in oficial
secondary market, public fferings for sale or subscription and the Base Prospectus required
for that purpose (he Royal Decree 1310/2005)

Tac Notes of any Notes Seris are limited recourse instruments and there can be no assurance
lat th Noteholders xl seccivo the full amoumts payable at any time by to Fund under the
Noues or that they will reccive any retum on their investment in the Notes. Prospective
investors are therfore advised o review his Base Prospectus any supplement to the Base.
Prospectus prepared by the Management Company in accordance with anicle 22 of Royal


243.

24.

Decres 1310/2005 (cach, a Prospectus Supplement) and the Isuing Document of each Note
Series carfully and consider, among other things, th risk factors set out in his section before
eciding whethor to inves in the Notes a any Notes Serios

Prospective investors should also ensure they understand the mature of the Notes and the
extent of thcir exposure to risk when hey consider the suitabilty of investing in such Notes in
light of their own cicumstances and financial condisions, The Arrangers the Director and any
global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrumner or
vunderwrter have not underaken to review the financial condition or afairs of the Seller ar
e Fund during the lie of the arrangements comtemplaed by this Base Prospects, or to
advise any investr or potetalinvestor in the Notes or any information tha is not included
in this Base Prospectus that comes lo th antetion of ho Arrangers, the Director and any
global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrumner or
vnderwrtr

Certain material interests nd potential for conficts

Cerisin paris to Ahe irmsaction have engaged in, and muy in the future engage in,
investment banking and/or commercial banking or other services for the Fund (including the
placement and undervritig of th Notes of any Notes Series), the Seller or ls afilites and
tc Management Company in te ordinary course of business. Other paros to the transaction
may also perform multiple roles. Accordingly,conflics of interest may exis or may ari asa
result of panies having previously engagod or in the future engaging in transacions with
her paris, having multiple roles or carming out her transactins for third partics, The
úpaniies to the transaction may bo replaced by one or more new pares. lt cannot be excluded
lat such a new party could also have a potential confltng interes, which might ulimately
ave a negative impact on the abi of the Fund to perform its oblgations in respee of the
Naxos.

Accordingly, confliis of interest may exist or may ariso as a result of panties to this
Aransactio: (a) having previously engaged or in the future engaging in transaction with other
parties 19 the transaction () having multiple roles in this transaction; and/or (c) camping out
therroles or transactions for third paris.

Curtenly, there is no knowledge of the existence of any conflict of interests between the
pants involved in the transaction.

Change of counterpartis

Tas pants to th Programme Documents who reccive and hold monics or provide support to
lc transaction pursuant to th terms of such documents are required o satisty certain criteria
to continue to be cownterparty to th Fund,

These criteria include requirements in rlaion to the shorticrm and long-erm unguarantccd
“and unsecured ratings ascribed to such party by the Relevant Rating Agencies. If he party
oncermed ceases to satisy hn applicable criteria, hen the rights and obligacion of ha party
“including the right or obligatio o recive monies on behalf of the Fund) may be required to

2


be transfered to amctler entity which does satisiy the applicable ratings criteria. In these
«ircumstancs, the terms agrecd with the replacement entity may not be as favourable as those
“agreed with th original paty and the cost to th Fund may therefore increase. ln addition, it
may not be possible to ind an entity vih the required ratings that would be willing to actán
such role, This may reduce amounts available 1o the und to mue payments of interest and
principal on the Notes ardor lead to a downgrade in he ratings of he Rated Notes,

In sdditio, should the applicable criteria cea to bo stiíia, then the paris to ho relevant
Programme Document may agrec to amend or waive cetin of the terms of such document
including he applicable criteria (although this il not apply to mandatory provisions of law).
in order to avoid the need for a replacement entity to be appointed. The consent of
Notcholders may not be required in relation to such amendmcnts ando waivers

3. RISKS DERIVING FROM THE LEGAL STATUS AND BUSINESS OF THE FUND

34. Nature ofthe Fund and obligations of he Management Compas

Tas Fund is an isolated pool of asscts with no legal personality open both on the asscts and
Habiliy sde such that is el o acquire additional Reccivables and isue successive Notes
Series during the life of the Fund. Al! he Reccivables pooled in hc Fund from time to time
vil serve to secure the payment of sl be obligations derived from all the Notes under all
Notes Series issued by the Fund and constitute ts lab

jos at hat time.

Pursuant to Law 5/2015 th Fund is managed by a Management Company daly licensed for
such purposes. The Fund's liabiliy for ls obligations vis-3vis lts creditos (including the
holders of the Notes) shall bo limited in recae o its asts and payments are subject lo the
“applicable Priority of Payments, and none of th Management Company, the Arrangor, the
Director, any global coordinator, lead manager (including he Joint Lead Managers),
hookrumner or underwitr, the Eligible Hedging Counterpartics or any of the other
transaction partics shall be responsible for any of the Fund'slabiliics

"e Management Company vil perform for the Fund those dutis atributed o it in Law
S/2015, as well as safeguarding the best interest of the holders o the Notes and generally the
erediors of the Fund, Th Notehalders will not be entiled to give directions or instructions to
the Management Company in relation to the excrcisc of thir respective rights.

The Noteholders and the other ordinary crediors of the Fund shall not have any right of
action ciber against the Fund or against the Management Company other than that deriving
from non-performance of their respective duties or non-compliane with the provision of
he Decd of Incorportion, his Base Prospectus or the applicable laws and regulations. Any
such actions vil ed to be resolved in he (comesponding) judicial procecdings.

Hence, the Noteholders il have no recours to ths Fund or the Management Company based!

nly on delinquency or payment default of he Reccivables or bresch of agreement by third
panties

y


32

33

Certain features of the Fund and the Programme have been created in the interest of
the Seller

Pursuant 10 the Deed of Incorporation and as described in the Base Prospecta, the Fund and
tc Programme have certin features that have boen designed in he interest ofhe Seller.

Inhis regard, amongst ouhers the Seller ¡senil o:

(a) direct the Management Company to carry out an issue by th Fund of a new Note
Series

(0) — direct the Management Company to liguidate the Fund where (5) he aggregate
Principal Amount Owtstanding af all outstanding Notes is equal or les than 105% of
the aggregate Iiial Principal Amount therco! or il) he Notes issued by the Fund ar
held solely by the Seller or there are no Notes outstanding and th Seller requests the
liquidation of the Fund, in accordance wilh section 443 of the Registration
Document

(6) subject to cerin conditions, send a Sellers Optional Farly Redemption Wren
Instruction in order for the Management Company to exercise on behalf! of the Fund!
(1) te optional redempúon of the relevant Note Serics o the applicable Note Serios
20x1-3y Clear-Up Call Date or () the optional redemption of the relevant Note
Series on the Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date specificd in the applicable Issuimg
Document in accordance with section 4. ofthe Securities Note

(d) — repurchase cerin Purchuscd Reccivables from the Fund (Gncluding Purchased
Reccivables arising from Performing Credit Cards), in accordance with section
32.112 of he Adáitional Building Blocks

(6) reserve the right to subscribe foral or part oh Class A Notes, the Class B Notes or
the Class C Notes of a given Note Seres. In case where the Seller subscribe all the
Class A Notes, Class B Notes or the Class C Notes of such Note Seres, such Notes
shall not be placed with any investor, in accordance with section 4.12. of the
Securitics Note.

"as interests of he Seller may not be at al timos aligned with those ole est of the holders
f the Notes and, iherefor, this circumstance should be taken into consideraton by the
investor when acquiing the Notes.

Mandatory replacement ol the Management Company

In sccordance with aniclo 33 of Law 5/2015, if the Management Company ús subject to
an insolvency procceding (concurso), without prejudice to the clfecs of such insolvency
procceding (as described below), ít ball find anoxher management company. to replace it
Similar, in case that its ahoriation o actas management company of securiisation funds
were revoked, a new management company replacing it would need to he found. four (4)
months have clapsed since the oscurrence oh cventrequirng the replacement and a now

ES


34.

management company that is prepared to take over the management of hs Fund has not ben.
found, a trigger cvent for the Early Liquidaion of the Fund will occur and the Notes, and (1)
he Expenses Subordinated Faciliy, (4) he General Reserve Subordinated Facility ii) he
Commingling Reservo Subordinated Pacilty and (iv) the Seller Interest Credit Facility (as
bese terms are defined in sections 344.1, 3437, 3438. and 3444 respectively) (ho
Subordinated Facltis) will be redccmed or tepaid, as the case may be, in accordance with
he proviions of the Decd of Incomporaon and this Base Prospectus in particular in
“accordance wilh the Acccleratod Priority of Payments set out in section 3472 of the
Additional Building Block

Insolveney

Tae insolveney procceding (concurso) of any of th paris involved (whether it e the Seller,
the Management Compuny, the Isuer Accounts Bank, he Sevicer or any or cosmiempary
fte Fund) could affctthcir contractual relations vit hc Pund as provided in Law 22/2003,
af 9 July, on Insolveney (Ley 222003, de 9 de juli, Ley Concursal) abc Insolveney Law) and
«onsequently the abilay of the Fund to mects its obligtions under he Notes.

Pursuant to the provisions of the Second Additional Provision o the Insolvency Law, the
insalveney provisions af Law S/2015 will apply

In the event of the insolvency of he Seller, and in accordance vith aricle 16 of Law 5/2015
(by reference to atcle 15 of Law 2/1981), the transfer of he Receivabls to the Fund may
only be rescindod or challenged under article 71 of the Insolvency Law by the insolvency
“administration. (administración concursal) amd in so challemging, the insolvency
“administration will have to prove the existence o fraud in he transfer

Fushcrmore, all Funds assts held by the Seller except for cash, dueto the fungible nature
Acro, will become th propeny uf he Fund and must be made available under the tcrms of
ricos 0 and $1 of Insolveney Law:

According to the interpretation fa majority of legal scholars regarding articles $0 and $1 of
le Inolvency Law the Seller is declared insolvent, monics received and held hereby on
half of the Fund in ts capacity as comterpanty to coran agreements exccuted before the
date of declaration o insolvency may be affected by the results of he insolveney.

must be replaced by another management company in accordance with he provisions of

1 the Management Company is declared under an insolvency procecding (concurso),

section 33 above. In the event of he insolvency proceeding (concurso) ol the Management
Company, any asets of the Fund tha are in the possession of the Management Company and
in respect of which the Management Company has no right of use, surety or retention =
except for money due to ts fomgible natue- and that form part of theaters sets will be
construed as belonging to the Fund, and the insolvency official (administración concursal)
must deliver them to the Fund.

In practice, due to the nature of th sccuritiatin transaction in question, and except n the
event of a breach by the partics, no cash amounis will become part of the assets o the

»


35.

Management Company since the amounts that conste th revenses of he Fund must be.
deposied, in accordance with th terms set fort in ho Decd of Incorporation and this Base
Prospectus, in the accounts opened on behalf o the Fund by the Management Company.
(Which will e involved in opening such accounts not only as the agen of the Fund, but as ts
legal representative). Therefore the Fund vil have ful separation sight over those asets from
lose of the Management Company, in the tcrms set forth in ariles $0 and $1 of the

Insolvency Law.

Addiionaly, in the event that WIZINK, as Servicer and the entity that will collect the
“amounis paid driving from the Reccivables, is declared under an insolvency proceding
(concurso) he Fund, acting through its Management Company, will be entitled to receive
from WIZINK the amownis derived from the Reccivables from the date that it is declare
insolvent, because such amounts will bo consrucd as owned by the Fund, and therefore must
e transfored to the Management Company on behalf of the Fund. However, as collections
from the Borrowers are intally paid o an account opened in the Collections Account Bank
moneys may cease to he taccable ducto thcir fungible nature during the period in which hey
are held by WIZINK as Servcer at the Collections Account Bank. For this period of time, the
Noteholders vil e exposod o the credit quality of the Collections Account Banks. ln order
to miligate the commingling risk derived from a potential insolvency of the Service,
WIZINK as Servir has agreod to grant in rem rights of pledge over the Collections Account
in favour of the Fund parsuant to the Collections Account Security Document

The mechanisms avslable for mitigating such risk ae described in section 3:43 of the
Additional Building Block

In addition, th Issuer Accounts Bank and the Collections Account Banks held by the Servicer
are subject to Law 11/2015, of 18 June 2015, on th recovery and resolution of credit ent
“and investment firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades
de crédito y empresas de servicos de inversion), which implemens in Spain the Directivo
2014/S9/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment fims.

Application of those provisions may delay or in ceruin cases impede the recovery oÉ the
amounis deposited in accounts opened in the Issucr Accounts Bank or the Collections
“Account Banks.

Tas Fund, being incorporated as an isolated pool of assts with no legal personality pursuant
10 Law S/2015 is ot subject to insolvency proccedings under the Insolvency Law

Brcach of agreements by third parties

Tas Fund has tere into agreements with third paros fr he provision of certain services
in elaion to the operation of he Fund and in relation to the Notes (as further described in the
diferent sections of the Additional Building Block describing the Programme Documents).

Th Noteholders could be prejudiced if any ot eferred comnterpaicsfuls to full any of
lie obligations assumed under any of th aorementioned agreements. Nevenbeles, cetin

30


36.

37.

mechanisms are contemplated in th relevant agreements o mitigate such possible breaches.
A the foregoing is without prejudice to the legal consequences of any breach by the
comesponding counterparcs of the applicable contractual provisions or derived from the
Spanish legion.

Eurosystem eigibility

Tas Class A Notes of any Notes Series muy be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem
eligibility. Class A Notes of any Notes Series are intended upon issue to be deposited with
Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores
(IBERCLEAR), but given tha, amongst others, Class A Notes of 4 Note Series may be
vulisted Notes or represented in physical tes, does not necessarily mean that all Class A
Notes of any Notes Series will he recognised s cligible collteral for Eurosystem monetary
policy and imraday credit operations by the Eurosystem (Eurosystem Eligible Collateral)
either pon issue or at any orall times during cir fe

Such recognition will, mer alía, depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem cligibiliy
ertcria set out in the Guideline of the European Central Bank (the ECB) of 19 December
2014 on implementation of he Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014460) as
“amended and applicable rom time o time (the Guideline). ln addition, the Management
Company (based on information supplicd by the Service) will. for as long as the Class A
Notes of any Notes Seres are intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem.
eligiblty, make loan-evel data available in such manner as required by the ECB 10 comply
vih Eurosystem cligibilit criteria, subject to applicable data protection ales

None of the Fund. the Management Company. ihe Seller, the Eligible Hedging
Counterpaics, ihe Arrangers, the Director and any global coordinator, lead. manager
(including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwriter gives or will give any
representtion, warranty, confirmation or guarantee to any investr in the Class A Notes tha
he Class A Nokes will, ciber upon issus, or at any or tall timos during their ie, stisty all
or any requirements for Furosystem eligibilizy and be recognised as Eurosystem Eligible
Collateral for any reason whatsocver, Any potential investor in the Class A Notes of any
Notes Series should extract lts own conclusions and scek its own advice with respec to
vwbciher or not th Class A Notes constitute Eurosystem Eligible Collatral.

It is expected that Class B Notes and Class C Notes will not qualify as Eurosystem ligible
given that Clas E Notes and Class C Notes ar subordinated.

US. Foreign Account Tax Compliance withholding may sfTect payments on the Notes

Sections 1471 through 1474 0h Forcign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) impose a
ex reporting regime and, potential, a 30 per cont. wiliholding tax wi respect o (6)
certain payments from sosrces within the United States, () “forcign pas through payments”
made to cet mon-U.S financial initution (fr he pusposes of this section ny such non-
US. financial institution, an FF) that do not comply with this new reporting regime, and (ió)
payments to certain investors that do not provide identification information with respect to

a


38

interests issued by a participating PFI (for the purposes of this section collecively
Withholdable Payments)

While the Notes are held within the clearing systems, in all but 1he most remote
eircumstancs, is not expected that PATCA vil acto amount of any payment received
by the clcuring systems. However, FATCA may afícct payments mado to custodians or
intermedias in the subseguent payment chain Icading to the ultimate investor áf any such
custodian or imermediary generally ás unable to receive payments fee of FATCA
vwithbolding. also may affect paymnen to any ultimate investor that is a financial instution
bat ds mo entlld to reccive payments free of withñolding under FATCA, or an ulimate
investor it fl to provide lts broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which lt
receive payment) with any information, forms, or documentation or consent that muy be
necessary fr he payments to be mado foc of FATCA withholding. Investors should choose
le custodians or intermediares with care (to ensure cach is compliam with FATICA or other
laws or agreements related to FATCA) and provide cach custodian or intermediary vih any.
information, forms, other documentation or consent that may be necessary for such custodia,
or intermediary o make a payment free of FATCA withholding

Tac Funds obligtions under the Notes are discharged once it has paid the clcarng systems,
“and the Fund has therefore no responsibilis far any amount thercaftertransmitcd through the
elcaring systems and custodias or imtermediarics

The United States and the Goverment of the Kingdom of Spain have entered ino an
intergovermmental agreement to facilita he implementation of FATCA (for the purposes of
this section, the IGA). An FEL (such as the Fund) that complics with the terms of Uhe IGA, as
well as applicable local law requirements will not be subject to witholding under FATCA.
vih respect to Withholdable Payments that it reccives. Further, am FF that complics with ho
terms of the IGA will not be required to wilhbold under FATCA on payments it makes to
Noeholders of such FFL (unless it has agreed to do so under the U.S. “qualificd
intermedia “withholding foreign partnership," or “withholding forcign trust” regimos)
Pursuant to the IGA, an FFL is required o repor certin information in respect of certain fit
Notcholders to ls home government, whereupon such information wil be provided to the
US. Intemal Revenue Service, The Fund will undenske to comply with the IGA and any
local implementinglegitaion, but there is no assurance that it will be able todo so.

“An FF that fil o comply with the terms of the IGA may become subjet o the FATCA
Wilholding described above. Additionally, a failure to comply with future local
implementing legisstion may result in negative consequences to an FFL The impositon of
the FATCA vilhbolding on payments made to the Fund wosld reduce the profitability, and
bas the cash avalabl to mul payments on th Notes. Prospective investrs should consult
Aliciradvisers abost the potential spplicaion of FATCA.

Economic condition in the Euro-zone

“Concernsrelating to credit risks (including that of sovercigns and those of emtics which are
exposed to sovercigns) persis, in particular, with respect to current economic, monctary and

»


political conditions in the Euro-z0ne. 1 such concerns furer detriorte (including as may
he demonstrated by any relevant credit rating agency action, any default or restructuring of
indebtcdness by one or more stes or institutions andior ny changes to including any brea
sp ob, the Euro-xonc), then Ahese matters muy cause further severe stress in th financial
system generally and/or may adversely afoct one or more of he panties to th Programme
Documents (including th Seller and/or the Service,

For these purposes, Euro-Zone means th region comprised of member states of the
European Union that adopt the single cumency in accordance with the Tresty stabishing the
European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on
European Union (signed in Maastich on 7 February 1992)

39. Voleker Rule, Status of the Fund

Under Section 619 of the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
and ihe corresponding implementing rules (the Volcker Rule), “banking entitics” aro
probibited from, engagins in proprictay trading or from acquiing or retaining any
“ownership interes" in, o acting as "sponsor" of or having certain relationships with, certain
investment vehicles eferred to in ho Volcker Rule as “covered funds", except as may be.
permitted by an applicable exclusion or exception from the Volcker Rule, In general, there is
limited iterretive guidance regarding the Volcker Rule and the general efocts of the
Valcker ale remain uncertain.

At ih time of constitution, the Fund is stuctured so as to not consttue a “covered fund"
based on Section _.10(CJ8) of the Volcker Rule, commonly referred to as the Low
Securtizaion Exclusion. lis possible, however, that U.S. regulatos could take a contary
position and determine that he Esucr should not be excluded rom the definition of “covered
fund" under the Voleker Rule. Any prospective investor in the Note Serie, including a US.
dr forcign bank ora subsidiary or other affilitotherco should consult ts own legal advisers
regarding the impuet of such a determination and other potential cífects of he Volcker Rule.

4. CERTAIN REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS

4. Regulatory initiatives may have un adverse impact on the regulatory treatment of the
Notes. No assurance is given that the transaction vil comply with LCR or Solveney H
requirements

In Europe, he UsS. and elsewhere there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of the
assetbacked securiics industry. This has resulted in a Tafi of measures for increased
regulation which are currently at various stages of implementation and which moy have an
“adverse impact on the regulatory position for cetin investors in sccuriliation exposures
“and on he incentives for certain invesorsto hold asst-backed socuriics, and may Ihercby
“lc the lquidiy af such sccurtis. Investors in dh Nokes a responsible for analysing their
own regulatory position and none of ihe Fund, the Management Company, the Eligible
Hedging Counterpantes, the Arrangers,, the Director, any global coordinator, lead manager
(including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underweter and any other pary to the

»


42

Programme Documents makes any representatio to any prospective invetor or purchase of
Ale Notes regarding th regulatory trestment of thcir investment on the Disbursement Date ar
tamy imán th futuro

In addition, investors should be aware of the EU risk rtention and due dligenco requirements
which currently apply. or are expected to apply in he future, in respec o various types of EU
regulated investors including credit institutions, authorised alternative investment fund
managers, investment fims, insurance and reinsurance undertakings, UCITS funds and
insitutions for occupational rtrement provision.

Tac risk reention and due diligence requirements described above apply, or are expected to
apply, in espect of the Notes, to the invetors With respect the commitment of the Seller
lo retsin a material net cconomic interest in the sccuiiation and with respect lo the
information to be made available by the Fund or another relevant party (or, afer the
Disbursement Date, by the Management Company on the Fund's bchal), please see the
<tatements set aut in the section 0S his Bise Prospectas headed “Certain Regulatory and
Industry Disclosuves”. Relevant investors are requird to independently assess and determino
le suficiency of the information described above for the purposes of complying with any
relevant requirements and none of the Fund, the Artangers, the Director, any global
eoordintor, lead manager (including the Join Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwitr,
he Eligble Hedging Counterpartcs or any other pary to the transaction makes any
representtio that information described above is sufficict in all ciscumstances for su
purposes,

Prospective: investors should (hercfore make ihemsclves aware of the changes and
requirements described above (and any corresponding implementing rule of their regulator),
vwbere applicable to them, in scdition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with
espect to tr investment in the Notes. The maters described above and any other changes
to the regulation or regulor treatment af the Notes for some or all investors may negatively
impact he regulatry position of individual investors and, in addition, have a negative impact
om the price and liquidity of the Notes th secondary market

None of the Management Company, the Arranger, the Director, the any global coordinator,
lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwritr, the Seller or
he Servier makes any representatio to any prospectivo investor or purchaser of he Notes as
o these matters on th dat of this Base Prospecto ora anytime in th futuro

Impact of financial transaction taxes

(On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published is proposal (or th purposes of
his section, the Commission's Proposal) for a Council Directivo implementing enhanced
operation in hc area oa financial transaction tax (fo he pusposes of his section, PIT), o
be adopted in certain participating EU member states (including Belgium, Germany, Estonia,
Greece, Spain, France, ly, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia, although Estonia has
inc stated thai wil not participate).

a


43.

Tas proposed Directivo aims o ensure that th financial sector makos a fair and substantial
contribution to covering the costs of the financial crisis and creating a level playing fiel wi
her sectors from a taxation point of view. A joint statement isucd in May 2014 by ten of
hc cleven participating Member States indicated an intention to implement the FIT
progressively, such that it would initially apply to shares and certain dervatives from 1
January 2016, although the ETT proposal has not yet been introduced and súll rem subject
to negotiation between those states and the scope of amy such tax ís unceiin. le may

herfore be altered prior to any implementation, Uhe timing of which remains unclar
Additional EU member states may decide to participate,

Under ihe Commission's Proposal (as defined above) the FIT could apply in cerain
eircumstances to persons both within and outside of the puriciputing Member States
Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one pary is 4
Financial institution, and at least one pary is established in a participating Member State. A.
Financial institution may be, or be decmed to be, “established” in a particips
State in abroad range oFcircumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established
in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject o the.
dcalings is

¿ Member

issued in a participating Member State.

"he FIT may give rie to tax liabilis for the Pund with respect to certain transactions
“including concluding swap transactions andíor purchases or sales of securitics (such as
“auhorised investments) it is adopted bascd on the Commission's Proposal. Any such tax
ha

litis may reduce amounis available to the Fund to meet ts obligaions under he Notes
“and muy resul in investorsreccving less interest or principal than expected

lt shosid also be noted that the FT could be payable in relation to relevant trnsactions by
investors in respect of the Notes (including secondary market transactions) if the conditions

ge to arise are satisfied and the FIT is adopted based on the Commission's
Proposal. Primary market transactins referred to in anticle Ste) of Regulation (EC) No
1287/2006 ae expected to be exemp.

for a char

Prospective holders ah Notes are advis to seek ir own professional advice in reli
to1be FIT

No assurance is given that the transaction will be designated us a simple, transparent
securitisation

On 30 September 2015, the Europcan Commission published legislativo proposals for two
ox regulations related to sccuriisuion. Amongst others, the proposals include provisions
intended to implement the evised securtisation framework developed by BCBS (the CRR.
Amendiment Regulation) and provision intended to harmonisc and replace the risk etetion
“and due diligence requirements applicable to certain EU regulated imvestors (he SIS
Regulation), The STS label will llow in some casos a bete treatment o he capital or hos
securitisaton asigned as STS.


4.

45.

The STS Regulation also sims o creste common foundation criteria for identfying “STS
socuritiatios”, There are still material diferences betwcen the Iogisatve proposals and the
current requirements (including with respec o application of retention requirements and the
riginatoreniticscligible to retain hc required interest. In addition, the compliance position
under any adopted revised requirements of transactins entered into, and of activities
vunderiaken by a party including an invetor), prior to adoption s uncern. No assurance can
be given that tho transaction will bo designated as an *S

Regulation a ny point n the future

TS socuritiation” under the STS

Prospective: investors should iherefore make Mhemsclves amare of the changes and
requirements described above (and any corresponding implementing rules), The matters
described above and any other changes to he regulation or regulatory treatment o the Notes
for some oral investos may negatively impact the regulatory position of individual investors
and, in addition, have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the
secondary market.

Change oflaw

The structure of the transaction described in this Base Prospects and, inter alía, e issue of
Ae Notes and the ratings which are to bo assigned to the Rated Notes are based on the law
“and administrativo practico in foot as at tbe date of this Base Prospectus as it afícis the
panic to the transaction and the Audited Portíolio and having rogard to 1he expected tax
treatment of all relevant entities under such law and practice, No assurance can be given as to
he impact of any possible change o such law (including any change in regulation which may
occur viihout a change in primury legilaion) administrative practice or ax treatment after
hc dute of his Base Prospectus nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such
hange would adversely affect th ability of the Fund to make payments under the Notes.

In addiion, it should be noted that regulatory requirements (including any applicable
retetion due diligence or disclosure obligaions) may be recat or amended and there can be
o assurance tt any such changes vil not adversly affect the compliance position of
transaction described in this Base Prospectus or of any party under any applicable law or
regulation

RAS

"hc Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May
2013 amending the CRA Regulation (for he purposes of this section, CRA3) became
efíective on 20 June 2013. CRA3 provides for cetin additional disclosure requirements
vwbich are applicable in relation to sructured finance transaction. Such disclosures will need
o bo mado via a website to be setup by ESMA.

Tas precie scope and manner of such disclosure ae subjeet to regulstory technical standards
(lor he purposes of this section, the CRA3 RTS) prepared by ESMA, On 30 September
2014, the Europcan Commission adopted three CRAS RTS to implement provisions of the
CRAS. The CRA3 RTS specily() the information that the isuer, originator and sponsor of a

36


46.

«tructured finance instrument cstablishod in the Esropcan Union must jointiy dsclose on the
ESMA website, i) the frequency with which this information is to be updated and (si) the
presentation of his information by means of standardiscd disclosure templates.

Additionaly. CRAS has introduced a requirement that where an isuer or related bird paros
(ovhich term includes sponsors and origintors) intends to solici credit rating of stuctured
Finance instrument t will sppoint ut least two credit ring agencios and showld consider
“appointing at least one rating agency having not more than a 10 percent total markst share
(as measured in accordance with article 8d(3) of the CRA (as amended by CRA3 RTS)) (for
le purposes of this section, a small CRA), provided that a small CRA is capable of rating the
relevant istuance r entity. Where th issur ora related third paty docs not apo a east
ne credit rating agency with no more than 10% market share, this must be documented. ln
arder to give effet to those provision of anicle $d of CRA3, ESMA ús required to annual
publish a lis af registered CRAS, thir total market share, and the types of credit rating they

Investors should consul tbcr legal advisors us to the applicability of the CRAS RTS and any.
consequences of non-compliace in respect of tir investment in the Notes of any Note
Series

Europcan Market Infrastructure Regulation EU 648/2012 (EMIR)

EMIR and the regulations made under it impose certain obligtions on panties to OTC
derivative contract according to whether hey are “financial coumteparics” or “non-financial
countempaics”.

Financial counterpatics (as defined in EMIR) will depending on the idemity of their
counterparty, be subject to a general obligation (the “clcaring obligaion") to clear all
“eliible” OTC dervative contracs lbrough a duly authorisod or recogniscd central
csunterpan. They must also report the details fall deivative contracts to atrae repository
(tt “reporting cbligaion”) and in goncral undetake ceain rsk-miigaion techniques in
espect of OTC derivative contrcts which ae not clcaed by a central comnterpary, including
complying with requirements related to timely confirmation of terms, portfolio reconcilition,
dispute resolusion, daily valuation and margin posting (together, the "risk miigaion
bligations")

Non-inancial comnterpanics (as deincd in EMIR) are not subje to Uh clarng obligaion
unless he grss notonal vale of all deivaive contacts etered ito by the non-financial
coumerpuy and otr noa- financial ens ins “group”. cxcluding cligile hodging
vransacions, cxcced certain Uvesholds and is counterpury ls aso subjec to he cearing
bligation. Le Fund is considered to be a member of such “grs” (as defined in EMIR)

El


“and if azgrogate notional value of OTC derivative contrats entered into by the Fund and
any mon-financial entiics within such group excceds the applicable tresholds, the Fund
old be subject o he claring obligatin or he relevant contract is mot a type required to
be clcared, to the risk mitigtion obligations, including the margin posting requirement based
om th principle that comnterpartics have an obligation to protect themselves against credit
exposures to derivatives counterpans by collecting margins where those contacts ae not
eleared by a central coumterpanty

Therefore he Fund becomes subject to tbeclcaing obligation or the margin requirement, it
is unlikely hr it would be able to comply with such requirements, which would adversely
alícct he Fund's ability to ete into Hedging Agroements or significantly increase the cost
creo negatively afocting the Fund' abiliy to hedge lts interest mae risk. As a result of
such increased costs, adítioalregulaory requirements and limittions on ability of he Fund
o hd intros rat risk, the amounts payable to Noteholders muy be negutivey afecte,

The clcaring threshold for interest rate derivaive contracts is EUR 3 billion (measured in
ross notinal alu). Moreover, the Hedging Agreements which may be entered into by the
Fund are cligible hedging transactions and, accordingly, will be excluded from the
computation ol th clcaring tresholá.

The Hedging Agrecments may contain carly termination cvents which are based on the
application of EMIR and which may allow the relevant Hedge Counerpany to terminate a
Hedging Agreements upon the occurence ol such un event. The tcrmination of a Hodging.
Agreement in se circumstances may result in a termination payment being payuble by the
Fund.

ES


CERTAIN REGULATORY AND INDUSTRY
DISCLOSURES

COMPLIANCE WITH EU RISK RETENTION REQUIREMENTS

"he Seller, as an originator for the purposes of the CRR, the Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013
of the EU Directivo 2011/61/EU on Alternative Invesiment Fund Managers (he ALEMB) and
he Solvency II Regulation, will rtai, on an ongoing basis, a material net economic interest
df mot less than five per cent (5%) in th securitisation contemplaed by the Programme
Documents in accordance with aci 405 of the CRR (Article 405), article SL of the ALEMR:
(Article SI) and aniclo 254 of the Solvency I! Regulation (Article 254) (which, in each case,
is intepreted and applicd on the Disbursement Date and docs not take into account any
corresponding national measures) (the Retention)

Tac Retention will compris th Seller holding un interest in the first loss tranche represented
in his case by Seller Interest Credit Facility, any Class of Notes reained by the Seller (any
“and as speciicd in he relevant Isuing Document) and th subordinated fail (Expenses
Subordinated Facility, General Reserve Facility and Commingling Reserve Facility) as
required by the tex of each of paragraph (4) of Article 405(1) of the CRR, paragraph (d) of
Anicle SI(1) of the AIFMR and paragraph (4) of Anicie 254(2) of the Solvency Il
Regulation. Any change lo the manner in which such interest is hld will he notificd to
Notcholders. Such Retention by the Seller is provided by means of the Seller Interest Credit
Facility, any Class of Notes retained by the Seller Gl any) and th subordinated fciliis
(Espenses Subordinated Facility, General Reserve Facility and Commingling Reserve
Facil). As at the fist Notes Issue Disbursement Date, such Retention will be provided by
means of the Seller Interest Credit Pacility and th subscription o the Class C2017.01 Notes
and the subordinate facilitic (Expenses Subordinated Facility, General Reserve Facility and
Commingling Reserve Faciliy).

This Retention option and the methodology used to calcule the net economic interest will
ot change, unless such change is required due to exceptional circumstanes, in which case
such change will be appropristely disclosed to Notcholders and published on the following
website: (wuw.mitulizacioncom). ln compliance with article 409 of CRR, the Seller must

necessary data regarding credit quality and the
evolution of underlying positions and treasuy Mlows backing the securtisaion exposures,
together with any information necessary to cuy out detailed and documented stress tests of
hc cash Mlowsbacking the underiying exposure

ensure tas

investors can casily access

“As to th information made available to prospective invetors by the Fund, reference is made
o Ae information set out hercin and orming part of this Base Prospectus and to any other
information provided separatly (which informution shall not form part of this Base
Prospectus), including the Seller Interest Credit Facility and, ar the fist Notes Issue

»


Disbursement Date, to hs Investor Reports provided o the Noteholdees and published on the
following website: (www imtiulizacion.com)

"hc Seller will undenak to () the Arrangers and the relevant global coordinators, lead
managers or underwritrs and (6) the Fund, in cach case, for so long as any Notes remain
outstanding hat tw:

(a) om tte fest Notes Issue Disburscment Date hold, and thercafir it will rta, on an
ngoing basis a material net economic interest of no less han ive per cent in the
sccurtisation contemplated by the Programme Documents in accordance with Amilo
AOS(1NG) ol the CRR, Article SI(U/) of the AIEMR taking into account Article 56
of the AIEMR and Article 294(2d) of Solvency I! Regulation which, in each case, is
interpreted and applicd on the first Notes Issue Disbursement Date ad docs no take
into account any corresponding national measures; such retention by he Seller will be
provided by means of the Seller Inerest Credit Facility andíor any Class C Notes
retained by the Seller úf any) andior the principal of the subordinated faciiis
(Expenses Subordinated Facility, General Reserve Facility and Commingling Reserve:
Facil); this retetion option and the methodology used o calculate the net
economic interest will not change, unles such change is required due to exccptional
circumstances and only to the extent permited and in complice with the
requirements st out in CRR, the AIEMR and the Solvency II Regulation:

(b) — comply with the disclosure obligations imposed on originator credit institutions under
the CRR, he AIEME and he Solvency Il Regulation, including, but no limited t, by
disclosing when any breach of Mhe Retenion commitment occurs or when the
performance of the secuitisation or underiying exposures material change or
following a breach of the agreements and documentation relted to the Programme
subject always to any requirent o Law provided hat the Sell vil not be in reach
of such underaking it fal 1o so comply due to event, actions or circumstances
beyond the Seller's control;

(c) — mot sell, hedge or otherwise mitigate ts credit risk under ts material nt economic
interest in the sccuriisaion as provided by means of the Seller Interest Credit Facility
andíor any Class of Notes retained by Ihe Seller (if any), except 10 the extent
permite by the CRR, the ALFMR and th Solvency Il Regulation; and!

(4) — communicate the Management Company, on a monthly basis, the compliance with

tb retetion commitment assumed so that hc later can publi such information on.
is web ste (www imtitulizacion.com). For the purposes of his communication, the
Seller must explicly state hat it has not carried out any action (credit risk hedging,
sae, taking shor positions, ct) that might have undermined the applicaion of the
rotention requirement,

Each prospective investo s required to independently assess and determine th sufiiency of
hc information described above and ín he Base Prospectus generally for the purposes af
complying with cach of Part Five ofhe CRR (including Article 405), Sction Five of Chapter

“0


JUL of the ALFMR (including Article 51) and Chapter VIIL of Tie 1 of the Solvency 1
Regulation (including Anticle 254) and any coresponding national measures wbich may be.
relevant and none of the Fund, the Management Company, hc Seller any global coordinator,
lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers) bookrunner or undervrte, the Arrangers
he Director, hc Eligible Hedging Counterpartics or any other party o the transaction makes
any representtion that e information described above orán the Base Prospects is sffcient
in all circumstances for such purposes. Investors sho are uncertan as to the requirements
vwbich apply to them in respect o tir relevant jurisdicion, should scek guidance from their
regalator.

In relation 0 he retention covenant o be given by the Seller o the Fund in he Seller Interest
Credit Facility Agreement, he Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement and the
relevant Notes Subscription Agreement in accordance with the CRR, the AIEMR and the
Solveney II Regulation regarding the material net economic interest o be retained, on an
ngoing basis, by the Seller in the securiistion and (in respect of CRR only) certain
requirements as to providing investor information in connection therewih, the Management
Company, the Arrangers the Director ¿any global coordinator lead manager (including the
Joint Lead Managers) bookrunner or underwiter will not be under any obligation to monitor
tc compliance by the Seller with such covenant and will not be under any obligation to take
any action in elaion to non-complance with such covenant

“


REGISTRATION DOCUMENT FOR ASSET-BACKED NOTES (ANNEX

Le

12

2

24.

VI OF COMMISSION REGULATION 809/2004)

PERSONS RESPONS

BLE

Persons responsible for the information given in the Re

Mr José Amonio Tejllo del Vall, ín (he name and on betalí of INTERMONEY
TITULIZACIÓN, SGT. SA, wi registered address in Made, a call Principe de
Vergara 131 plata 3 ad vid Spanish ax identification number (MF) A-83774885, acting
as management company (Intermoney Tiulización o the Management Company) he
sccaritization fund Wink Master Credit Cards, Fondo de Títulizaión. assumes
responsiily for information set ut in his Registran Document

Me José Antonio Trujillo del Vale acts in his capacity of Chairman of the Bourd of Directors
df the Management Company and exercises the powers hat were expressly confered to him
for e incorporation of the Fund by the Board of Directors of the Management Company at
lts mecting held on th 19 0f May 2017.

wd in the

Declarations by the persons responsible for the information cont
Registration Document

Me José Antonio Trujillo del Valle, on behalf of the Management Company, declares that,
having taken al easonable careto ensure that such s the case the information contsincd in
this Registration Document is, o he host of his knowledge, in accordance with the facts and
does not omit anything likely o affect ls import

STATUTORY AUDITORS
Issuer Auditors

Pursuant to the provision of section 44.2 of his Registration Document, the Fund will be
evy incorporated and laks any historical financial information.

Taroughout the duration of the transaction. the Fund's annual financial statements ill be
Subjec to verfiction and annual review by he auditor. The annual report nd the quanterly
report of the Fund set out in aicle 35 of Law 5/2015 will be filed with 1he CNMV within
Ac deadlines set in the curent regulations.

By viuc of the resolution adopted by the Board of Directors of the Management Company.
on 19May 2017, for and on behalf of the Fund, KBMG Auditores, S.LP., whose detail are
included in scction 52 of this Registration Document, was appointed as the Auditor of the
Fund or an initial period o rec (3) years subsequenily the Management Company passes
a resolution to appoint new auditors for the Fund, notice would be given o the CNMV. the
Relevant Rating Agencies and the Notcbolders, pursuant to he provision of section 4.1.3.0
tc Additional Building Block.


22.

al

mi

ade

42

Accounting principles used by the issuer

The Fund income and expenses will be reported in accordance with the accounting
incples in force pursuant to CNMY Circular 2/2016, of 20 April, on accounting standards
annual. financial statements. public financial statemes and Confidential statistical
information statements of Securistion Funds, as amended (Circular 20016, de 20 de abril
de la Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valore, sobre normas contables cuentas anuales
estados financieros públicos y estados reservados de información estadística de los Fondos
de Tiulización) (Circular 2/2016) or in accordance with the regulations applicable at any
giventime,

The Fund's financial year vil coincide with the calendar year, starting on 1 January and
ending an 31 December cach year. However, as an exception, the first accounting period will
start on the Fund Incorporation Date (as defined in section 44.1 below) and will end on 31
December 2017, and he la accounting period will end on the date of extinguishment of the
Fund.

RISK FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH THE FUND

"hc risk factor associated with the Fund are those detaled in section 3 (RISKS DERIVING
FROM THE LEGAL STATUS AND BUSINESS OF THE FUND) af the Risk Factors

INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER
Statement that the issuer has been incorporated as a secuitisation fund!

Tas Fund is a securtisation fund with open-end assts and liabiltcs to be incorporated in
“accordance with Law S/2015 for the purpose of issuing the Notes and acquiring the
Reccivables represening the credit rights arsing from the Credit Cards Agreements. In
panicula, the Fund wall be incorporsted as am isolated pool of assets with not legal
personality puesuant o Law 5/2015.

Legal and comercial name of the issuer

Th name of the Fund will be “Wizink Master Credit Cards, Fondo de Tituización”. The
Fund shall alo be refrred to as “Wizink Master Credit Card, FI".

AI Class A Notes all Class B Notes (any) and all Class C Notes issued on the same Issue
Date will constitute a Note Series which shall bo designated by means of

(a) — a four digit number represetin the year on which the Note Series wa issued, in the
followed by

following format: Note Series “20%

(b) — the mumber of such Note Serios in respect of the relevant year, in dh following
format: "yy"

s


43.

Place ol registration ol the issuer and registration number.

"e Management Company hereby declare that neither the incoporation of the Fund, nor the
Notes t be issued backed by ts assets, will be registered in tho Spanish Commercial Registry
(Registro Mercantil, puesuant to the exemption set out in acle 22.5 of Law SIS, without
prejudice to the registration of this Base Prospects by the CNMV, which ook place on 18th
July 2017, and to th filing with the CNMV, for incorportion into he public register, ol
«opy ofthe Decd of Incorporstion, in th terms set out in anticle 22 of Law 5/2015 and aicles
36 and subsequent of Legislativo Royal Deeree 4/2015, dated 23 October, approving the
onsolidated tex of the Securities Market Law (Real Decreto Legislaivo 42015, de 23 de
octubre, por el que se aprueba el texwo refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (bo
Legisstive Royal Decree 4/2015 or the Securities Market Law). the contes of which will
match he provision of his Base Prospectus filed with he CNMV. Under no circumstances
vil the terms of such document contradict, modify, alter or invalidte he contets of this
Base Prospectus.

Tas Dec of Incorpoation will be granted on the Fund Incorporaion Date and váll e draficd
in Spanish language. The Decd of Incorporation may be amended in the terms set out in
article 24 of Law S/2015 (being such amendiments draft in Spanish language as we)

(Ones the CNMV veriics the compliance af hc legal requirements for the amendmen of the
Decd of Incorporatin, the Management Company will cxccute the relevant decd of
“amendment to the Decd of Incorporation and file an amhorised copy with the CNMV for its
incorporaion into th public register, The amendraent of the Decd of Incorporstion through
hc corresponding decd of amendmcnt will be communicated by the Management Company
to the Relevant Rating Agencies and published by the Management Company by means of the
public period information of the Fund and on its website

Tas Deed of ncorporaion may also be subjec o amendment at the request of he CNMV.
Additionally, ín accordance with amicle 24 of Law S/2015, where required, a Prospectas
Supplement may need to be prepared and published as relevant information

Lssuing Document

Tas incorporation af the Notes of the successivo Notes Series will bo instrument throsgh
the relevantIssuing Document according to the pragraphs below, depending on whether the
Notes will be listed or unlistd and the form of he is (bookc-enty or physical ile)

(a) — provided that he Notes of 1he Notes Series are intended for listing in AJAF, an
original of cach Final Terms will be sent to the CNMY and a copy of cach Final
Termas to AJAF for its admission o lisimg on or afer the lsue Date of the
corresponding Notes Seris and to IBERCLEAR for the purposes of registration as
book-entics

(0) — provided hat the Notes of the Notes Series ae nor intended fr listing 1 represented
in book-entries, an original of the Deed of Issue and solely for the purposes of
registration as bookcentris, to the CNMV and the relevant financial insiution

“


4.

44d.

442.

appointed by the Management Company to carry out the relevant book <ry registry
on orafirthe Isue Date ofthe corresponding Noles Series; and!

(6) provided that the Notes of the Notes Series are not intended for listing á represented
in physical ts, the relevant Deed of Issue executed by the management Company.
for and on behalf of th Pund, will not require of any communication 0 he CNMV or
any Uhird parti.

Under no circumstances will th terms of th Issuing Document contradit, modify, alter or
void contents ofhis Base Prospectus.

For ose purposes

Issuing Document means cach document exccuted by the Management Company, for and on
behalf of ho Fund, whereby the issuance of Notes of the successive Notes Series will he
insrumented, including, cach Final Termas and cach Decd o Issue.

Final Terms mesns th final terms wbich vil be prepared by the Management Company in
relation to the istue of any Class A Notes, any Class B Notes and any Class (Notes to be
listed in ALA, substanialy in the form set out in Schedule 2 “Form of Final Terms"

Deed of Issue means the relevant deed of issue (escritura de emisión in relation to the issue
of any unlistd Class A Notes any Class B Notes and any Class C Notes. Each Deed of Issue
shall include, mutatis matandí, th information included in Schedule 2 “Form of Final
Tem.

Date of incorporation and lengtb ol life ol the issuer
Date of incorporation of the issuer

"e Management Company, cting in the name and on behalf of the Fund, together with the
Seller will proceod, once this Base Prospectus has boen registered with the CNMV. to grant
li Dec of Incorporaion on 19th July 2017 (he Fund Incorporation Date), in the terms set
¿tin article 22 of Law S/2015.

Life of the Fund

Tas life of the Fund will run from the Fund Incorporation Date provided for in he previous
section until the legal maturity date of the Fund, on which the Fund will be extingushed,
which is scheduled for the Payment Date of December 2092 (the Fund Legal Maturity
Date), unless hc Fund is catyliquidted or cxtinguished in accordance with he provisions of
section 4:43 of his Registration Document

Th Fund Legal Maturity Date muy be extended following an amendment to the Decd of
Incorporation of the Fund with he prior consent of all the Noteholders and the her creditrs
fte Fund (excluding non-finacial crditrs)


443.

“As described in section 4.7 any Noto Seris with an established Note Serios Reimbursement
Date (ia Note Series Reimbursement Date is speciicd in the applicable Iscuing Document)
could be extended beyond such Reimbursement Date and always within the Final Matriy
Date. In such cae previous acceptance by the Notcholders would be needed and a Step-up
Interes Rat will apply.

arlyliquidation o the issuer

The Management Company will proceed to cary out the carly liquidaion of the Fund (he
Farly Liquidation) on the Payment Date on which (a) the last outstanding Purchased
Reccivable is cxtinguished or writen-off or (b)tbe Management Company transfers to (X)
he Seller or any other third par entity(is), which can cihor belong the group of the Seller
or not, authorized by the Seller for such purposes (1ho Authorised Entityies)) or (y) to any
thor tbird parties, ll utstanding Purchased Reccivables in a single transaction following the
ccunence of a Fund Liquidaion Event (tte Fund Liquidation Date) in accordance with
section 4:44 below

For these purposes, a Fund Liquidation Event shall mean the occurrence of any of the
following circumstances:

(a) — if so direcod by the Seller, where the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all
outstanding Notes is equal or less than 109% of the aggregate Initial Principal Amount
thcrcof: or

(b) where the Notes issued by the Fund are held solely by the Selle o here are no Notes
oxtstanding and the Seller requests th liquidation o he Fund or

(<) — mandatorily, 4 our (4) months have elapscd since the occurtence of an event giving
rise to the mandatory replacement of ihe Management Company due to the
declaration o an insolvency proceeding (concurso) thrcof as provided in amcle 33
+ Law S/2015 or in case that ts authorisatio to actas management company were:
to be revoked without a new manogement company having been found ibas is
prepared o take over the management oh Fund appointed parsuant o section 37.1
of the Addisional Building Block: or

(4) six (6) months prior to the Fund Legal Maturiy Date; or

(e) whenthe Management Company has the consent and the expres acceptance of all the
Notcholders and the countepartis to the Fund (including for the avoidance of doubt
th Seller) in relation to the payment of the amounts related 1 the Early Liquidation
and procedure o cuy ut such Esrly Liquidation.

"e Management Company will procced to liquidate the Fund following the occurrence of
Fund Liquidation Event (once the CNMV and the Notcholders have been informed in the
manner set out in section 4 of the Additional Building Block), such crcumstance consttuing
an Acccleraed Amontisation Event

46


Tas liquidation of the Fund shall be made in accordance with the Acceleated Priority of
Payments set out insecion 3.4.7.2 he Additional Building Block.

444. Re-transfer and sale of the Purchased Reccivables

0)

0)

(o

0)

In the cvent of the occurrence of any Fund Liquidation Event, the Management
Company, acting for and on behalf o he Fund, shall) immediately notify the Seller
of the occurrence of any Fund Liquidation Event, and () propose 10 the $
repurchase in a single transaction, under the terms and provisions hercinafir
provided (the Offer to Retransfer) all ihe outstanding Purchased Reccivables
remaining among the assets of the Fund. The Offer to Retranfer shall include the
Reference Repurchase Price (as defined below) calculated by the Management
Company,

Tac repurchase price of such Purchased Reccivables (the Reference Repurehase
Price) proposed by the Management Company 1o the Seller (or to any olhor
Authorised Estitylis)) shall correspond to th then Outstanding Principal Balances
as defined in section 22 of the Additional Building Block) of 1he Purchased
Reccivables plus any acerued and unpaid outstanding interes

The Reference Repurchase Price applicable to Ahe retmansfer of the Purchase
Reccivables (together with any Fund Available Cash) shall bo sufficiet in order to
emable the Fund to repay in ful al amounts of any nature whatsocver, due and!
payable in respect of the outstanding Rated Notes (he Class A Notes and the Clas B|
Notes and eventually the Class C Notes), ar the payment by the Fund of all
habiles ranking parí passa with or in priority to those amosmis in the relevant
Accelerated Priority of Payments

The repurchase of he Purchascd Reccivables remaining among th assts of the Fund!
shall take place on a Repurchase Date and, at the carles, on the fest Repurchase:
Date following the date on which an Olfer to Retransfr is sento th Seller upon th
Fund Liquidation Event has bon declared by the Management Company. The.
procede of lhe Reference Repurchase Price shall be credited on the relevant
Repurchase Date to the Treasury Account

The Seller may acquie on its vn or designate any entity to repurhaso part or al th
Porchased Reccivables. Such designated emy shall repurchase the Purchased
Reccivables under the same terms and conditions applicable to the Seller; ín
paricular, the designated entity shall be entled to repurchase part or all the
Purchased Reccivables provided that no Insolvency Event has occurred in relation to
such designsted ent.

Olher than in the events forescen in paragraph (a) and (b) of section 4.43 above, the
Seller shall be entied to refuse any Offer to Retransfcr made by the Management
Company,

w


(30) calendar days following receipt of he Offer to Retranfer
(or wihin such cuher notice period as muy be agreed upon by the Management
Company, the Seller andor the relevant Authoriscd Entity) he Seller andíor the
Authorised Entity shall notify in writing thcir acceptance or sefusal of 1h Offer to
Retranste. 1, upon the cxpiry of hat period, ihe Seller and/or the Authoriscd Entity
have fuled to rely, they shall be decmod a have refused th Offer to Retransfe.

(e) If the Seller and/or the Authoriscd Entiy refuse(s) such fer, the Management
Company shall offr the Purchased Reccivables 1 () a east ree (3) enitics among.
those most active in the purchase and sale of similar ascets and () the Seller
(provided no Insolvency Event has occurred in respect hereto), which al of hem
may bid concurren and without preference amongst themselves

The Management Company shall set qu the terms and conditions of he bidding.
process (including, without limitation, the information to be provided to the bidders
and deadline to submit he bids)in the manner it consides best to maximise the value.
fte Purchased Reecivables.

In such case, the Management shall accept th best offer reccived for the Purchased
Reccivables from any of such third entiis or Seller. The Seller shall enjoy a pre-
emprion right to match he best offer received by the Management Company,

l£ no relevant offer is received from any third parties or the Seller, hen th Purchased
Reccivables shall remain a usscts to the Fund, without prejudice to the possibility
he Management Company to start a new auction process for the sale af the
Purchascd Reccivables in the terms et out in this paragraph.

(6) The Management Company may obtain any appraial reports it decms necessary from
ibird-pary enttics in oder to run the liquidation process, including any valuatio.
ports from third prtics1o determine the market valuc old outstanding Purchased!
Reccivables

In case of retranser of Purchased Roccivables under the conditions set out in the
preceding paragraphs, the retransfer document shall take the form of a private
reransfer document or, upon request from the relevant purchaser, a public deed
(escritura or póliza) ol rtansfe.

(8) — The Reference Repurchase Price hall be paid by Seller or the relevant Authorised
Entity) or the third party entity winning the auction process to the Fund in the
Treasury Account so designated by the Management Company.

(1) Once all he Purchused Receivables have been sold in accordance with above, ho
Management Company will apply sl the amosrts hat t obtain throw th disposal
fe assts of the Fund, together with ho rest of the Fund Available Cash that the
Fand might have at tha time, 0 the payment of the diffrent items, in th form,
“amount and in accordance with the Accelerated Priority of Payments se out in section.
347.2 0f the Additional Building Block.

ss


445.

446.

442.

In any event, the Management Company will not proceed to xtinguish the Fund and
o cancel ts egisraion in the comesponding administrative registros until dt has
completed th sale of he remaining asscts of the Fund and th distribution of the
Fund Available Cash in accordance with ho above.

Fund liquidation surplus.

Once the Fund has been liquidated and sl the payments have been mado pursuant o the
Accelerated Priority of Payments set out in section 34.72 of the Additional Building Block,
bere is any remaining amount, such remaining amount will e paid to th Seller as Variable
Fe in accondance with section 347.4 of the Additional Building Block.

Estinguishment of the Fund
"he Fund will be extnguisted, in any event, as a resul of he following ireumstances
(a) upon fallrepaymnent of ll the obligtions of he Fund towards ts crediors: or
(0) whenhe Fund's Early Liquidatio process set ut in section 44: ends; or
(6) inanyevent, omihe Fund Legal Maturiy Date

In th cvent that any of the situnions described in the preceding paragraph occur, the
Management Company sball inform the CNMV as set out in Section 4 of the Additional
Building Block, and shall intat the relevant steps for the extinguishment of the Fund.

Wikin the calendar year fir th liquidation of ho remuining assets of the Fund and the
distribution ol available funds, or if he Management Company deems it appropriate, vithin
Ale fis rec months of the following ycar, the Management Company vil grant a public
deed (acia) dectaring () the extinguishment of the Fund and the reasons, as set out in this
Base Prospectus, for the cxtinguishmen, (li) the procedure followed in notfying the
Notholders and the CNMV, and Gi) the terms of the distribution of the Fund Available Cast
in the Accelerated Priority of Payments. This public decd (acta) will be submit by the
Management Company to the CNMV.

Termination ol Note Series issue and Early liquidation of the Fund
447.1. Termination of a Note Series issue
“An isue ola Notes Series will be terminated by the Management Company 1

(a) — any of the preliminary ratings iniially assigned to the Rated Notes by the
Relevant Rating Agencies have not been confirmed (or if such ratings are
with) before or during the Subscription Date; or

(9) am event cccurs that could not be forescen or, even if forescen, is inevitable
rendering lt impossible to perform the subscription or disbursement of the

w


Notes of such Notes Serics pursuant to aci 1,105 of the Civil Code (force
majeure) or

(6) the conditions precedent to the relevant Notes Subscription Agreement as
described in he Subscripiion Agreement are not met before the beginning of
th Subscription Period or

(4) — an Inolvency Event has occurred wih respect to the Seller before the
¿isbursement of relevant Notes on the Disbursemnt Date; or
(e) the General Reserve is mot funded up to the General Reserve Required Amount

speciicd in the relevant Issuing Document, ($) with respec to the first Note
Series issued on the Fund Incorporation Date, before the disbursement o the
Notes om the Disbursemnt Date, il) with respecto ho subsequent Note Series
issued by he Fund, on he Issue Date; or

(0) the Commingling Reserve is not funded up to the Commingling Reserve
Required Amount specific in ho relevant Issuing Document, (1) with respect
to the first Note Serics issued on the Fund Incorporaion Date, before the
disbuesement of the Notes on the Disbursement Date, (il) with respeto the
subsequent Note Series isued by he Fund, on he Isuc Date; or

(8) the Seller (as Expenses Subordinated Facility Provider) has not made available
to the Fund under th Expenses Subordinated Faciliy an amount equal o (4)
with respect to the first Note Seres issued on the Fund Incorportion date, the
Initial Expenses and the Note Serios Issue Expenses before the disbursement of
th Notes on the Disbursement Date and (i) with respeto any other Note
Series, the Note Series Issue Expenses on or prior the relevant Issue Date of
such Not Seris.

In such case, the Management Company will lso terminate any contracts entered into by the
Fund in connection with such Notes Seris.

Tas termination of the issue of Notes Seres vil be reported o he CNMV and/or any other
applicable hody a soon asis confirmed and will be published using the same procedure for
tc communication of the issue of he Note Series set out in section 4 of the Additional

Eilding Block.

IE the isue of a Notes Series is terminated in he terms set out in this section, th relevant
expenses vil be charged to the Fund as Note Seres Issue Expenses.

"hc carly termination of ho issue of a Note Series shall nt constitute a Fund Liquidation
Exent nor imply the cxtinguishment of the Fund in any mumer whatsocver snd shall not
“fícct nor cause the termination of any of the Note Seres previously issued by the Fund.

1 the Note Series to be issued on the Fund Incorporaion Date is culy terminated in
“accordance with this section for any reason (other han the occurtence of the event forescen in

su


paragraph (d) above), the Purchase Price of the initial porolio of
e funded with a drawing under the Seller Irest Credit Facil.

iible Reccivables shall

4472. Early

¡dato of the Fund

1 the Note Series to be issucd on the Fund Incorporation Date is carlyterminated upon th
ccurtence of an Insolvency Event with respec 0 the Seller before ho disbursement of the
relevant Notes on the Disbursement Date, the Pund will be terminated by the Management
Company.

In the event forescen in the preceding paragraph, the transtor of he Reccivabls to the Fund!
made under to Decd of Incorporation, he issue of the Notes Series issued on the Fund!
Incorporaton Date, a well as the res of agreements of the Fund will e terminated and the
Fund will be extinguished. The Seller shal pay all the Initial Expenses and the Note Series
Issue Expenses incured as a resul of the incorporstion of the Fund and th íssuc of the Notes
Series isucd on the Fund Incorporation Date

"hs carlytermination of the Fund as a conseguence of he above shall be communicated to
ie CNMV as soon as its confirmed, Within one (1) month alter the occurrence of e cary
termination event, the Management Company will grant a public deed (acta) declaring the
carlytermination and liquidains of th obligations of he Fund and the extinguishment o
Ale Fund,

For these purposes, Note Series Issue Expenses or Note Series 20xx-yy Issue Expenses
mean any expenses incured in connection with the issue of the Notes of any Notes Series
(including the execution and filing of any Isuing Document and any fees and costs payable in
connection therewith ic. CNMV, IBERCLEAR, ALAF, Rating Agency fees, legal fees tc,

Domicile and legal form of he isuer, the legisiation applicable to the issuer

451. Do

le of he

Tas Fund will be incorporated in Spain, pursuant to th provisions of Law 5/01.

Tas registered address of the Fund for all administrative purposes will be considered to be
ha of the Management Company, which is acting for and on behalf of the Fund. Therefore,
lo regsterd address of the Fund will be:

Cale Principe de Vergara 131, planta 3"
28002, Madrid (Spain)
Telephone: +34 91-432 6488

Additional contact detail regarding the Management Company and the Fund are available ar
e Management Company's website (wwwiimitulizacion.com)



452. Legal status of the issuer

"hc Fund, in accordance with aiclo 15 of Law $/2015, will constitute an isolated pool of
asscts with no legal personalisy, with opencend asscts and ibiiis n nccordance with rico
21 of Law S/2005 and it will be managed and represented by th Management Company

vwbich is entrusted with the incomporation, management and representation of the Fund under
Ae provisions of Law S/2015.

The Management Company, as manager of third pai, will be responsible for acting with
utmost diligence and transparency in the defence of the best interests of he holders of the
Nous and the funders of he Fund.

"hc Fund will only be liable for ts obligations vis-wvis ts editors cit ts acts The Fund
vil not be subject to he Insolvency Law

Tas Fund will have no independent and separate compartmnts securing any particular Note
Series

453. Legitation applicable to the issuer

Tas Fund will be consttuted and the Notes wil be issued by the Fund in accordance with
Spanish law and, specifically, with (5) Law S/2015; () Legislativo Royal Decree 4/2015,
where applicable; (li) Royal Decree 131012005; (iv) Order EHA/3S37/2005, of 10
November, on the development of article 274 of Law 24/1993, of 28 July, on the Spanish
Securtics Market Law (Orden EHA/3537/2005, de 10 de noviembre, por la que e desarrolla
el artículo 274 de la Ley 24/1988, de 28 de juli, del Mercado de Valores) (the Order
EHA/3S37/2005); (4) Royal Decree 116/1992, of 14 February, on te representation ol book-
entry securic and the clcaring and setlement of sick market transations (Royal Deeree
116/1992); (vi) Royal Decree 878/2015, of 2 October, on the clcaing, setlement and!
regisraion ol negotable securtics represented by book cntics (Royal Decree 878/2015);
“and (vi) any other legal and tattory provision in force and applicable from time to time.

This Registration Document has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of
Regulation 809/2004 (a amended)

454. Tax Regime ol the issuer

Tas general taxtion rules described below ae based on the current Iegisaion applicable at
Ac date of this Base Prospectus. Such description docs not intento b cxhaustiv, ut simply
provides a general description ol the tax treatment applicable to the Fund. Therefore the tax
regime described above cannot be considered as a replacement of the advice required by the
anicula situation of the Fund and cach prospective investor.

"hs ta rales applicable to securiiation funds ae currently contained in i) Law 27/2014, of
27 November, on Corporate Income Tax (Ley 27/2014, de 27 de noviembre. del Impuesto
sobre Sociedades) (uhe Law Y7/2013), in particular, actos 7.19, 13.1 and 166; (1)
Corporate Income Tax Regulations passed by Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July

s


(Reglamento del Inpuesto sobre Sociedades, aprobado por el Real Decreto 63422015, de 10
de julio) (CIT Regulations), in particular, astclo $, 9 and 61.) (ii) Revised Text of the
Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty Law, passed by Legislaiwe Royal Decree 1/1993, on 24
September (Texto Refundido de la Ley del Impuesto sobre Transmisiones Patrimoniales y
Actos Jurídicos Documentados, aprobado por el Real Decreto Legislativo 1/1993, de 24 de
septiembre), in parcular, arclo 4SLB.1S and 451882043 (1v) Law 37/1992, of 28
December, on Value Added Tax (Ley 37/1992, de 28 de diciembre, del Impuesto sobre el
Valor Añadido), and, in particular, aicle 20.Uno.18.); () General Regulations regarding
tax management and inspection courses of action and procedures and developing the common
rules of tax application procedures, pasced by Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July
(Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección
tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes delos procedimientos de aplicación de los
srbutos, aprobado por el Real Decreto 1065/2007, de 27 de julio) (General Tax
Regulations), aná, in particular, articles 42, 43 and 44; and (vi) Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on
regulation, supencision and solvency o credit insutions (Ley 102014, de 26 de junio, de
ordenación, mpervsión y solvencia de entidades de crédito) (Law 10/2018), and in
anicular, he Fist AddiionalProvision of sad Law.

In summary, these legal provision define e following fundamental principles:
(a) — The Fundis exempl from Capital Duty (Impuesto sobre Operaciones Societarias)

(b) — According o article 7.16) of Law 27/2014, the Fund isa taxpayer ol the Corporate
Income Tax, The Fund vil be subject o hc general provision of said Law 27/2014.
10 determine the taxable base, as well as to the applicable standard rate (259%),
lhough the following exemptions or specialics shall apply:

(6) The Fund vil not be subject to the general interest deductibili limitan.
als vehich limi hc tax dedactbiiy af financial expenses.

Gi) Impairments on the Receivables to be carried out by the Pund will e
¿eductblefor tax purposes provided that hc conditions et out in article 9 of
the CIT Regulations ae met

(6) — The transfer ole Reccivables to the Fund under the Purchase Agreement will be
subject to but cxempt from Spanish Value Added Tax (VAT). Said transfer of
Reccivables will not be subject to Transfer Tax and to Stamp Duty.

(4) — Returns fromthe Receivables hat constitute income oh Fund will nor e subject to

vvitholding tax.

(6) — The issuance, subscription, transfer, redemption and repayment of the Notes will
cilher be "not subject to" or “exempl from", as the case may be, VAT and Transfor
Tax/Stamp Dat.


46.

(0 The Fund will be subject to VAT in accordance with the general VAT rules
However, Ihe management services rendered to he Fund by the Management
Company will be exempt rom VAT.

(6) — The Management Company, in the name and on behalf of the Fund, must comply
with reporting obligatios, amongs! olhes, with those set out in the Fest Additional
Provision of Law 10014. The procedure for complying with said reporting.
¿bligations is developed by arcles 42, 43 and 44 of he General Tax Regularions

Description ol the iswuer's authoriscd and isucd capital and the amount of any capital
“sgreed to be issued, the number and classes of he securitics it comprises

Nox applicable.

5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW

Sd.

Brief description of the issuer's main activities

"hc Fund will be setup asa securtisation fund fondo de titulización), pursuing the principal
activities summarized below and cxpllined in detail throughout this Base Prospectus

Tas purpose of the Fund ist:

er and

(a) acquire

hgible Reccivables from the So

(0) finance in full he acquiiion of such Eligible Reccivables through the issue of the
Note Series, the drawings under the Seller Interest Credit Facility, the Deferred
Purchase Price and/or by allocating principal collection of Purchased Reccivables

"hs procecds from principal and interes (rdinary and accrued) ono Purchased Reccivables
received by the Fund will be allocated at the frequency set out in cach Notes Series, on cach
Payment Date, to he paytment of any amount tha he Fund is obliged o pay, in accordance.
with tbe relevant Priority of Payments established in section 347.2 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

This Base Prospectus refers to the issue programme (he Programme) of Notes that are
issued by the Fund bucked by Reccivables.

The Programme will be used to arrango successie issues of Notes, aranged in Note
Series up 10 the Maximum Outstanding Balance of the Programme from time to lime (as
defined in section $.11 below)

"he Notes Series may be issued during the Programme Revolving Period, provided hat ho
conditions established for the issue of Notes Series set ut in section 4.12 of the Securities
Noe are met

In addition, he Fund, represented by the Management Company, will arrange for the
provision of services in orde o consolida the financial structure of th Fund, t increase the

se


security and regularity of the payment of the Notes, and, in general, 1o enable the Financial
transformation which takes place in the Fund betwcen ho financial characteristics of the
Reccivables and hc financial characteristics of he Notes.

5.1.1. Maximum Outstanding Balance of the Programme

The maximum aggregato nominal amount of al! Note Seres from time 10 timo outstanding
under the Programme will not cxcced EUR 3,000,000.000 (bo Maximum Outstanding
Balance of the Programme)

Any increase of the Maximum Oststanding Balance of the Programme by the Management
Company and the Seller may require the corresponding amendment to the Deed of
Incorporation of the Fund with he prior consent of all the Noteholders and the aber creditrs
of the Fund (excluding non-financial creditrs) and a Prospectus Supplement to the Base
Prospectus (unless such increases made simullancowsly with an annual renowal of he Base
Prospectus). In any case, any increase of the Maximum Outstanding Balance of the
Programme should not result in the downgrade of any outstanding Notes by the Relevant
Rating Agencies.

512. Issues of Notes Series

The Management Company may arrango for Notes Series being issued by the Fund provided
lat he Maximum Outstanding Balance of Programme is not exceeded,

The Fund shall bo entided to issue Note Series (1) on the Fund Incorporation Date and
Ahercater (on each Issue Date until hc end of Programme Revolving Period. The Fund
shall not issue amy Note Series during the Programme Amortisation Period and the
Programme Accclerated Amotisation Ped.

Tac issue of any Note Seris (5) on the Fund Incorporation Date sh

be subject to the
satisfaction af he Initial Note Series Isuance Conditions Preceden as described in section
33.12 of the Securities Note and (i) on any Issue Date after hc Fund Incorportion Dato
halle subject to the satisfaction of the Further Note Series Issuance Conditions Precedent as
described in soction 3.1.24.12. of the Securities Not.

Subscription or holding of Notes of one Notes Serie docs not imply subscription ar holding
Notes ol other Notes Series, ln any case, investors who purchase Notes of a given Notes
Series will not have a sight o object to the isue of Notes of addiional Notes Series, and
Acrtne the consent of the Noteholders of the Notes alrcady issued al not be required

513. Funding Strategy of the Fund

Tas funding strategy of the Fund is o isue the Note Seres, th net proceeds of such Notes,
together with tc drawings under the Seller Inerest Credit Facility the Defemed Purchase
Price and allocation of principal collections of Purchased Reccivables, will be applid to (1)
purchase from the Seller during the Programme Revolving Period, the Programme
Amorisation Period and, ia, he Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period, portfolio


sa.

f Eligible Reccivables (as described in section 33 of the Additional Building Block) and/or
(ús) o redeem existing Note Series and/or (ii) o repay the Seller Interest Credit Facility
andortho Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price

5.14.  Hedging Strategy of the Fund

1£ the Notes of any Note Series are Floating Rate Notes and unless such Flosting Rate Notes
ave a Maximum Interest Rate, the Fund may entr ito one or several Hedging Agreements
with one or several Eligible Hedging Counterparyics)in order to hedge its exposure with
espect to any Flosting Rate Notes of any Note Series against the fed interest rate of the
Purchased Reccivables. Additional detsls on he hedging strategy o hc Fund are included in
section 34.8 of the Additional Building Block.

515. Cross-collateralisation

Each Note Series will be collatralised by the whole porolio of outstanding Purchased!
Reccivables (the Securitised Portfolio) which have ben purchased by the Fund on cach.
Purchase Date parsuant to the terms of the Master Roccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement

Each Note of each Note Seres will have recourse and reccive payments from the Purehased!
Reccivables asa whole (subject Lo the then applicable Priority of Payments) irrespective of
Alicir respectivo Jsue Dates, Schcduled Amortisation String Dates and Notes Final Legal
Maturiy Dates of the relevant Note Series,

No compartment will he created in the Fund to back any specific Note Seres
General description of the parties to the securtisation programme

+ INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN, SOCIEDAD GESTORA DE FONDOS DE
TITULIZACIÓN, S.A. is he Management Company (sociedad gestora) that wi
incorpore, manage and legally represent the Fund, The Management Company has
aso paricipated in the design of the Sinncial cms ol th Fund and th Notes. ln
addition, pasat to ace 26.1) o Law S/2015, e Management Company shall
ct as mate service l hc Puhased Reccivabls in such condion, the Master
Service in accondance with xcton 32 of the Adéitonal Building Block

INTERMONEY ús a Spanish public limited company (sociedad anónima), duly
auihorized to manage securitistion funds, with registered address at Calle Príncipe
de Vergara 131, planta 3”, 2002, Madrid (Spain) and with Spanish Tax Identification
Number (MF) A-83774885.

It is registered in the Commercial Registry of Madrid under somo 19.277, libro O.
folio 127, sección 8, hoja M33TI07, inscripción Y”. le is also registered under
number 10 vih he Special Register of Secuitisaion Fund Management Companies
(Registro Especial de Sociedades Gestoras de Fondos de Tiulizción) kept by the
CNMV,


A brief description of the Management Company is included in section 6 of the
Registraion Document and in 3.7.1 af the Additional Building Block

The Management Company holás no credit ratings from any rating agency

WIZINK BANK, S.A. (WIZINK) inervenes as Seller of the Receivabls 10 be
grosped as ascts oh Fund, WIZINK also acts as Servier, Expenses Subordinated
Facility Provider, Commingling Reservo Subordinated Facility Provider, General
Resorve Subordinated Facility Provider and Seller Interest Facility Provider

WIZINK also intervenes as Directo, in connection with the Noe Seris issued by the
Fund,

WIZINK ús a credit institution incorporaed as a Spanish public limited company
(sociedad anónima), with registered address ut calle Ulises 16-18, 28043 Madrid
(Spain), with Spanish Tax Identification Number (M1F) A-S1831067 and registered
with he Commercial Registy of Madrid under somo 12:68, folio 178, hoja M-
198598, inserción 1. WIZINK is subject to supervision of the Bank: of Spain and!
he European Central Bank and registered with the relevant registry of the Bank of
Spain under number 0229. WIZINK holds no credit raings from any rating agency
Tas main characteristics of the Seller ae described in section 3.5 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. (Banco Santander, the Issuer Accounts Ban or the
Paying Agent) intervenes as Issuer Accounts Bank and Paying Agent

Banco Santander is a Spanish crodit entity with registered address at Pasco de Pereda
9-12, 39004 Samander (Spain), and whose operating headquartrs are in Ciudad!
Grupo Santander, Avenida de Camabria sin número, 28660 Boadilla del Monte,
Madrid (Spain), with Spanish Tax Identification Number (N/F) A-39000013 and
CNAE 651

Tas ratings of the unsubordinatod and unsccured shortand long=term debt af the
Issuer Accounts Bank wbich is assigned by DBRS Ratings Limited (DBRS), Pitch
Ratings España, S.A.U. (Fith), Moody's Investors Service España, SA. (Moody's)
and Standard 4 Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited (S££P) areas follows:


Review

ones sorteo [a [rra | sue
taa A ES su
IP POP POSO POS
Su 2007 TADA vt

DBRS Ratings Limited (DBRS) intervenes as Rating Agency.

DAS isa credit rating agency with register address a 20 Fenchurch Street 31st
Floor, London, ECSM 38, United Kingdom

DBA was registered and sushorisd by the ESMA on 16 September 2009 asa credit
rating agency in the European Union pursuant to th terms of European Community
Regulation no.1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16
September 2009, regarding Credit Ratings Agencs.

FITCH RATINGS ESPAÑA, S.A.U. (Fieh)intervene as Rating Agency.

FITCH is a credit rating agency with a registered address at Avenida
Planta 2, 08008 Barcclona, Span.

iagonal, 601,

FITCH was registered and authorised by the ESMA on 16 September 2009 a a credit
rating agency in the European Union pursuant to the terms of European Community
Regulation no.1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16
September 2009, regarding Credit Ratings Agencs.

CLIFFORD CHANCE, SLP. (Cliflord Chance) intervenes as legal counsel to the
Seller and has reviewed the Spanish law aspects of th legal stracture of the
transaction and th to rules spplicabl to the Fund as set out in section 4.5.2 of the
Registraon Document

litio Chance ás a Spanish limited labiliy company that provides legal advice wit
registered ofice a Pasco de la Castellana, 110, Madrid (Spa), with Spanish Tax
Identification Number (MF) B-S0GO33I9 and registered with the Commercial
Registry of Madrid volume 19.751, book 0, section sheet M-347.629, page 9.

KPMG intervenes as Auditor for th verfication of sercs of atributes of a selection

af reccivablesto be owned by the Seller and from which the Reccivables will e
extractod. KPMG is also acting as Auditor of he Fund.

se


53.

KPMG is an audit firm wilh registered office in Madrid, at Edificio Torre Cristal,
Pasco de la Castellana 259 C, holder of Spanish Tax Identification Number (CIF) B-
TNSIO1S, and registered with the Official Registry ol Centiied Public Accountats
(Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas: R.0.-A.C) under number S0702

+ Tie global coordinators, joint lead managers, bookrunners or underwritrs of cach
Notes Series and thcir comporte details sulle specificd in the applicable Isuing
Document prepared in relation o such Notes Seres

+ Te Hedging Counterpatlics) under the corresponding Hedging  Agreements
entered int by the Fund in espect of any Note Series and their corporate detal shall
be specific in the applicable Issuing Document prepared in relation to such Notes
Series

Tae Management Company is mot aware of any direct or indirect ownership or control
relationship existing beswcen the legal persons that are involved in the sccuriisaion

No guarantees by the issuer securing notes issued by third parties or any third party

In accordance with aniclo 18.5 of Law S/2015, she Fund shall not grant any guaranteos
(whether personal or not) securng the notes issued by third partes nor in respect of any third
ani labios.

6. ADMINISTRATION, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES

6d.

Management, administration and representation f he isuer

As provided by Law S/2015, the Fund wil be legally represented and managed by ts
Management Company. INTERMONEY TIFULIZACIÓN, SOCIEDAD GESTORA DE
FONDOS DE TITULIZACIÓN, SA,

"hc registered name of the Management Company is Intermoney Titulizaión, Sociedad
Gestora de Fondos de Tiulización, S.A. with Spanish Tax Identification Number (NIE) A-
83774885.

The Management Company is a Spanish public limited company (sociedad anónima),
incorporated on 16 October 2005 by means of ho public decd granted before the notary of
Madrid Mr Antonio Huerta Trólez, under number 2572 of his public records, with the prior
“auhorizaion o lhe Ministry of Economy and Finance (Ministerio de Economía y Hacienda)
granted on 6 October 2003 and, with registered address at Calle Príncipe de Vergara 131,
planta 3, 28002, Madrid (Spain), and registered with ho Commercial Registry of Madrid
under tomo 19277, lbro 0. folio 127, sección 8, hoja M-33T707, inscripción Y and also
registered under mumber 10 with the Special Register of Securitication Fund Management
Companies (Registro Especial de Sociedades Gestoras de Fondos de Titulización) kep by the
CNMV,



62

63.

6.

The Management Company has been incorporated for an indefinite period of time, unless any
fte events stpulated by law orátsby-lws for its winding-wp occurs.

Audit ol the financial statements of the Management Company

"e Management Company has audited financial statements for 2014, 2015 and 2016, which
ave been filed with he CNMV and the Commercial Registry. The audit reports on the
annual financial statements for 2014, 2015 and 2016 comained no qualifcatons. The
Financial statements of the Management Company are audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers
Auditores, SL, registered in the ROAC Register (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas)
vit number SO242, with registered office st Tome PWC, Pasco de la Castellana 259 B.
Madri, and with Spanish Tax Identification Number (N/F) B-79031290 and registered with
he Commercial Registry a folio 95 tomo 9.267, libro 8.054, sección 3, hoja 87250:

Principal activities

Tas corporate purpose uf the Management Company according to amicle 2 of ts Bylaws ds
he incoporation, management and legal representation of) securistion funds (fondos de
Yirlización); (y assas securitiation funds (fondos de siulización de activos); (ii) mortgage
securitisation funds (fondos de riulización hipotecaria) and (iv) bank asscs funds (fondos de
activos bancarios)

Funhcrmore, and in accordance with article 26 of Law 5/2015, vil e responsibl for the
epresenttion and defence of interests of the holders of the sccuriics issued by the funds
it managos and of all the other ordinary creditors of such funds.

The Management Company vil be responsible for he administration and legal epresentaion
of the Fund, in accordance with the provisions of Law S/2015 and the rest of the applicable
legal regulations, as well a, the provision ofhe Decd of ncorporatin,

"The Management Company will perform for the Pund those dutic auributed to tin Law
5/2015. The Management Company is also responsible for acting with utmostdiligence and!
transpueney in defence of best interest of the holders of th notes issued by the Fund and
li funders of the Fund. Consequeniy, the Management Company must subordinate its
actions to safeguarding the inteests of such persons, abiding by the applicable provisions in
bis regard prevaling from time 10 time. The holders of the Notes issued by the Fund and
remaining creditors of the Fund will have no recourse against the Management Company
her than for non-periormance of its dtcs or non-<ompliance with he provisions of the
Deed af Incorporation, this Base Prospectas, any Prospectus Supplement and the applicable
laws and regulations.

Existence or mon-existence of holdings in other companies by the Management
Company

The Management Company docs not hold equis interests in any company.

6


65.

6.

65.

Entitics from which the Management Company has borrowed more than 10%
The Management Company has not been granted any financing from any person or etity

La

io of the Management Company.

Atte date of registration of his Base Prospects, the Management Company is not involved
in any situation of insolveney and there is no significan litigio or dispute that may affect
lis financialcconomie situation or hercalir affect lts ability to car out the duties of
managermcnt and administration of the Fund, as established in this Base Prospecta,

Administration, management and supervisory bodies of the Management Company

The Management Company is an entity registered with and supervised by CNMV, The
governance and management of he Management Company are entrusted by the Bylaws to the
hareholders acting a a General Sharcholders* Mesting and to the Board of Directors. Their
powers of such bodies are those corresponding thereto under the provisions of the Royal
Desres Law 1/2010,0f2 July, approving the consolidated text of the Capital Companies Law
(Real Decreto Legislativo M2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la
Ley de Sociedades de Capival) (the Capital Companies Law) and Law $/2015, as regards the
orporate purpose.

"The members of the Board of Directors of the Management Company. as at the date of
registration of the Base Prospects, areas follows:

Members of

E]

os Antonio Trujillo dl Vale Chairman and CEO,
Rafael Bunzl Csonka Director
Besarz Senís Gilmartn Director
Iñigo Trincado Bovile Director
Javier dela Pate Rodríguez Director

Ms Miriam Blanco Caso is the Sccrtary (non-Director) of ths Board ol Directors.

Alt diectors have thcir professional address in Madrid, at calle Príncipe de Vergara 131,
planta 3

Principal activtics performed by the individuals referred to in section 6.7 above,
performed outside the Management Company where these are significant with respect
do the issuer

To this cffct, the following individuals carey ost the following positions outside the
Management Company:

a


69.

tigo Túicado Bovil

Chief Esccuive Olficer ol Corenje e nformación
Monetaria y de Divisas, SA

Rafel Bano Csonka

Managing Direcor ol Comeraje e Infomación
Monetaria y de Divisas, SA

Javier dela Pare Rodiguez

Board Member and CEO of Jnteroney Vaores, 5.
sa

Chema of th Board ol Directors ol Wind o Markt,
SA

Board Member a /ntermoney Energía, 5.

Board Member a /nermoney Valora Consulting, $.

Besa Ses Gilmar

Head of Conwol Department at Conta Información
Monetaria y de Divisas, SA

"The Management Company is subject to supervision by the CNMV, pursuant to the

provisions of te Law 5/2015.

Funds Managed.

(On 30 June 2017. the Management Company had the following 98 sect

management

e




610.

aL

Share Capital and Equity

"e share capital of the Management Company at th time o registring this Base Prospectas
is EUR 1.705.000, fully subscribed and paid up.

Alle shares issued by the Management Company until he date of registration of his Base
Prospectus (100.000 shaes with » nominal value of EUR 17.05 cach one) ae ondinry shares
“and offer ideal voting, Financial and non-Sinancial rights Al the shares are nominativ, ol
Alo same class and series

"e share copitl of the Management Company, as at 31 December 2014, 31 December 2015
“and 31 December 2016 extracted from ts audit financial statements is th following:

Share Capa

¡Omer Own Funds Tens 06
Legal Res En

Volunary Reserve 1 1270 116
Reserve adapte to NFGC (New Gescrl Pan | o. .

for Accounts. in th Spanish orgia

Undisuibute Resul E 193 5
orar E 2 2an

Principal transaction with related partis and confcts of interest

"here are no dealings wit related paris or conflicts of interest

7. MAIN SHAREHOLDERS OF THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY

"The Management Company forms par of the grosp of companics Cortas e Información
Monetaria y de Divisas, S.A.

"hc capital distribution of he Management Company is as follows:

¡Corretaje e Información Monctaia y de Divisas, SA. 70% 70.000

Directors and Employces of the Company, 30% 30.00

"hc total amount of shares held by the members of the Board represents 156 of the capital o
tc Management Company.

In order to compl with rules af conduct of he secuitics market and in order to contribute
vo the transparency and cficient operation of the markets, Corrtaje e nformación Monetaria
y de Divisas, S.A., has developed an Internal Code of Conduct that afcs ll the companies
within is group (including the Management Company, thus complying with the requirement

o


set ost in article 29.16) af Law 5/2015). This Internal Code of Conduct vas filed with the
CNMV on February 2" 2006 and updated in May 2010.

$. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL SITUATION, AND PROFITS AND LOSSES.

sa

sa

Declaration on commencement of operations and financial statements of the issuer
prior to the date of the Registration Document

Tae Management Company declares thu on the date of verfiation of this Registration
Document, the Fund was not yet incorporated and, therefore, had not commenced operations,
or had any financial statements been made regarding such operations.

Historical financial information

Nox applicable.

Historical financial idual denomination of

EUR 100,000 or more

formation on security issues with an indi

Nor applicable.
Legal and arbitration proceedings

Nor applicable.
Material adverse changeín he Fund's financia situation

Nox applicable.

9. THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENTS BY EXPERTS AND
DECLARATIONS OF ANY INTEREST

9

92

Statements or reports attributed to a person as an expert
No such statements or report included.
Information from third parties

No information from third pares included,

10. DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY

Tae following documents (o thir copies) can be reviewed and consulicd, during th period
af validity of his Registration Document:

(a) The curent byzlaws, the decd o incorporation, hc annual financial statements and
tb audit report of the Management Company.


(0) The Decdof Incorporaion
(6). The cemifcd Board Resolution o e Management Company and the Seller
(d) This Base Prospecta.

(E) Any Prospectus Supplement

(O Any sing Document in respect of csch Notes Sei.

(8) — Certificates of the corporate rsolutios of the Seller and the Management Company
in connection with this transaction.

(6) — The initial and periodic Auditor reports on the atibutes of the Audited Porto
from which the Reccivables pooled in th Fund wáll e drawn

0) Annual and quaniry information required under ancle 35 of Law 5/2015.

0) Preliminary rating lees and defiitive/final rating lees granted to cach of the
Notes af cach Notes Seics by he Relevant Rating Agencies

(k) A copy of cach Programme Document (other than the Notes Subscription
Agreement).

These documents will e avuilable at the registered ofice of the Management Company, at
Cual Príncipe de Vergara, 131, planta 2, 28002, Madri (Spain)

A copy of the documents mentioned under paragraph (D. ().(d).(c) (0) Gn this case,
exclusively the relevant Final Terms or Decds of Isue with respect to Notes issued in book-
mty for), (2) and (h) will be available a hc CNMV.

This Base Prospectas, any Prospectus Supplement and any Final Terms of cach Notes Series
will be available on the website of the CNMV (wnwwcnmves). Adóitionally, where the
relevant Notes Series are listed in AJAF, this Base Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement
“rd any Final Terms vil be available in its website.

Additional, the anmual and quartely information required under article 35 of Law $/2015
vil be available on the website of the CNMV (wnww:cnmv.es) and on Iho website of he
Management Company (1wwiimútulizacion.com).The Deed of Incoporation and the Issuing.
Document of cach listed Notes Series represented in book-emrics will bo available £o the
public for physical examination st IBERCLEAR.

In addiin, his Base Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement and any Issuing Document in
espect to cach Notes Series, the Dec of Incorporation and any other public decds granted
subsequently and the annual and quartrly reports referred in aiclo 35 o Law S/2015 may be
úonsulted on the website ofhe Management Company (ww.imtiulizacion.com)

66


12

2

al

3d.

SECURITIES NOTE (ANNEX VI! TO REGULATION 809/2004)

PERSONS RESPONSIBLE.

Persons responsible for the information contained in the Securities Note

Mr José Antonio Trujillo del Valle, ín the name and on behalf of INTERMONEY
TITULIZACIÓN, $.G.ET.. S.A. Management Company of WIZINK MASTER CREDIT
CARDS, FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN, assumes the responsbiliy for th coment ofi
Securities Note, including s Additional Building Block

Me José Antonio Trujillo del Vall acts in his capacity of Chairman of the Bourd of Directors
af the Management Company and excrcisos the powers hat were expressly confered to him
for e incorporatin of the Fund by the Board of Directors of the Management Company at
lts mecting held on th 19 0f May 2017.

Declarations by the persons responsible for the information contained in the Securitios
Note

Me José Antonio Trujillo del Valle, on behalf of the Management Company, declares that,
having taken al easonable careto ensure that such s the case the information contained in
his Securities Note and ts Additional Building Block is, to the best of his knowedge, in
“accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely o afícc ls import

RISK FACTORS

Tis risk factors with respets to the Notes are detailed under section 2 of the Risk Factors
section, and the risk factors associated with the assts bucking the Notes are detailed under
section 2 (RISKS DERIVED FROM THE NOTES) of the RISK FACTORS section.

KEY INFORMATION
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the issue.
Tas persons taking part inte Programme ae us listed below

+ INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN. SOCIEDAD GESTORA DE FONDOS DE
TITULIZACIÓN, S.A. is he Management Company (sociedad gestora) that wi
incorpore, manage and legally represent the Fund. The Management Company has
aso participate in th design of the financial cms ol th Fund and th Notes. ln
adátion,parsuantto arc 26. b) af Law 5/2015, e Management Company shall
ctas Master Servicer of he Purchased Reccivables in accordance with section 312
fte Adétional Building Block

e


+ WIZINK BANK SA. intervenes as Seller of the Reccivables to he grouped as assets
f the Fund, WIZINK BANK, S.A. also acts as Servicer, Expenses Subordinated
Fciliyy Provider, Commingling Reserve Subordinsted Facility Provider, General
Resorse Subordinated Facility Provider and Soler Interest Credit Paciliy Provider

WIZINK also intervees as Director in connection with the Note Serios issued by the

Fund.
+ BANCOSANTANDER,S.A. intervenes as Paying Agent and ssuer Accounts Bank
+ DBRS Ratings Limited imervenes as Rating Agency.

+ FITCHRATINGS ESPAÑA, SAL. inervenes as Rating Agency.

+ CLIFFORD CHANCE, S.LP, inervenes as legal counsel to the Seller and has

reviewed the Spanish aw aspects of the legal structure of the transaction and th tax
us applicable to the Fund as set ut in section 4.5.2 0 he Registration Document

+ KPMG úintervenos as auditor for the verification of a series of atributos of the
Auditod Portfolio. KPMG is als acting as auditor of the Fund,

+ Tie global coondinators, lead managers, bookrunners or underwetes of cah Notes
Series and their comporate details shall be specificd in the applicable Issuing.
Document prepared in relation o such Notes Series

+ The Hedging Counterpatlics) under the corresponding Hedging Agreement
entered into by the Fund in respect of any Note Seris and their corporate detal sal
be specific in the applicable Issuing Document prepared in relation to such Notes
Series

32. — Description ol any interest, including conflcting interest, that s important for the
issue, detailing persons involved and the nature of their interests

The Management Company is not aware af any relaionship or economic interests betwcen
hc experts who have taken part in desiging or advising on the incorporaion od Fund, as
ells her intervening parties, including the Management Company and the Seller.

4. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE NOTES TO BE OFFERED AND ADMITTED TO

TRADING

4. Total amount ol the securitics admited to trading.

"hc Programme will he used to arrange succesive issues of Notes, aranged in Notes Serios,
ach with a face valuc of EUR one hundred thousand (€100,000), distributed in mo (2) or
tre (3) classes of Notes as described in section 4.2.1 0 this Sec

des Note.

es


42

Ta maximum agregate outstanding balance of all Note Series from timo to time outstanding
“under the Programme will not excced the Maximum Outstanding Balance of he Programme.

Any increase of the Maximum Outstanding Blanco of the Programme will noed to be made
in accordance th provision se out in section 5.1.1 of he Registration Document

"hs final maturty dates of cach Notes Seris (the Notes
“tated in the comesponding Issuing Document

al Legal Maturity Date) vil! be

Calculaed from their Disbursement Date, the maximum maturity of the Notes will under no
«ircumstances exce the Fund Legal Maturity Date.

In respec of cach Notes Series, a original of cch Issuing Document (other than hc Deed of
Issue with respecto unlisted Notes) will o filed with the CNMV.

A form of Final Terms is attached hercto as Schedule 2 to this Base Prospectus. The
Management Company shall ensure that any Isuing Document includes the information set
¿tinte form of Final Terms attached as Schedule 2 o his Base Prospectus

Tas issues af he Notes Seres aranged under th Programm will be subject o he provisions
f this Base Prospectus (and, 3£applicabl, any Prospectus Supplements thereto) and the
specific terms of that Notes Series sipulated in the Issuing Document of hat Notes Series, as
well as in he Deed of Incorporation.

"hc Programme will be in forec for an initial period of twlve (12) months from the date of
registration of his Base Prospectus (subjcet to the publication of the relevant Prospectas
Supplements to his Base Prospectus) and will he renewed each ycar during the lie of the
Fund,

Description of the type and class of he Notes
421 Typeand class of the Notes

Th Notes are assctbucked notes that representa debt of the Fund, accre interest and are
edoemable on cach Payment Date during thcir applicable Note Series Amortisation Period.
"he Notes legally qualify as murketable fixed income secuitis with am explicit yield and are
subject o he provisios f hc Legislativo Royal Decree 4/2015, dated 23 October, approving
hc consolidated text of the Securities Market Law (Real Decreto Legislarivo 42015, de 23 de
octubre, por el que se aprueba el texwo refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (ho
Legisative Royal Decree 4/2015) and ts development regulations and ae issued pursuant to
Law 52015.

Notes issued by the Fund under the Programme ar issued in Notes Serios. A Note Seres
shall be comprised by the following classes of Notes (cacha Class)

0


(a) Class A notes (the Class A Notes); and
(0). Class Cotes (he Class C Notes)
Additionaly, a Note Series may alo include Class notes (the Class B Notes)

Upon issue, mo Noto Series shall be composed by a single Clas of Notes or u combination of
(6) Class B Notes and Class (Notes or (i) Class A Notes and Class B Notes, exclusively.

All Notes oa particular Class of Notes of a Notes Sercs shall have the same interest rat,
Scheduled Amortisation Surting Date, Notes Final Legal Maturity Date and will be paid on
le same rank. Interest calculation may dir hetwcen Classes of Notes.

However, a Clas of Notes oa specific Note Seris will not necessarily he subject to identical
ms in ll respcts as thosc of the same Class of Notes of different Note Series.

Pense see section 7.5 of he Securitics Note with respect to th ratings of the Notes of each
Nous Series.

422 — Currency
"he Notes of any Note Seres vil be always denominated in EUR.
423 Interest (Gixcdifcating)

Each Class o Notes of any Note Series may bear a fixed interes rat ora Mati interest (as
pecifcd in the relevant ssuing Document

In the case of each Class of Notes of any Note Series bearing a floating interest ato as
specific in the relevant Issuing Document for that particular Note Series, and unless such
FMosting rate notes have a Maximum Interest Rate (as defined in section 43 below, a
separate hedging transacion may be entered ino by the Fund to convert the fixed amoumts
eccived by the Fund as applicable Moating amounis for payments in respect of that Note
Series

424 Lssucof Note Series
Solong as

(a) the Initial Note Series Issuance Conditions Precedent set out in section 4.12. of he
Securities Note have been satisfied, the Fund may isuc, upon decision of the Seller,
ne or several Note Serie on he Fund Incorportion Date; and

(0) the Further Note Series Issuance Condition Precedent set out in section 4.121. he
Securities Note have been satisfied, the Fund may isuc, upon decision of the Seller,
“itionl Noto Series on cach Issue Date until th end of the Programme Revolving.
Period. The Fund is not required to prmit any prior review by or to obtain the

m


consent of any Notcholder of any outstanding Note Series to issue any additional
Note Series

425 Issuing Document

Each Note Seres will e the subject of the corresponding Isuing Document. The terms and!
condiions applicable to any particular Note Series shall be described in the comesponding
Issuing Document

426 Representation and denomination of the Notes

Th Notes of any Note Series will be issued in bookcentry form or registered tiles án the
denomination of EUR 100.000 cach.

Tac Notes of each Notes Series may be unlisted or listed on ALAF. Consequenty

(a) within a Not Series its possible that certain Classes of Noles are listed in the
above mentioned market whilst other are not

(0) vithin the same Class of Notes (across different Note Seris) lt is posible to
have Notes vbich may be unlisted or listed in the above mentioned market; and

(e) Notesof a given Class within a Notes Series must be cther listed or unlisicd (ut
ot both simultancously)

Where applicable, the Management Company, acting for and on behalf of the Fund,
request the inclusion of the listed Class of Notes of a Notes Series issued under the
Programme in IBERCLEAR.

Tac information about he ISIN (International Securities dentfiation Number) of each of
he Notes of the corresponding Notes Series under this Programme will be set out n the
Issuing Document of the corresponding Notes Series (f applicable).

427 NoteSeriesand Notes

AN Class A Notes, all Class B Notes (if any) and all Class C Notes issued on the same Issue
Date will constitute a Note Series which shall bo designated by means of

(a) a four digit number represetin the year on which the Note Serios was issued, in the

following format: Note Series*20%x"; followed by

(b) the mumber of such Note Serios in respect of the relevant year, in dh following
format: "yy"

¡Consequently,cach Noe Seris il presen in hc following format: Note Seres 205x-yy.

All Notes of the same Class and Note Series shall have he cxact same characteristics and
Acre be fungible amongst themselves

n


"he Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes of any Note Series should
present in the following format: Class AZ0xx-yy Notes, Class B20xx-yy Notes and Class
(C20xx-yy Notes, respectively

"hc Class A2Oxx-yy Notes, the Class B20x1-yy Notes and the Class C20xx-yy Notes of a
given Note Series shall have:

(a) the sume Interest Period and the samo Payment Date (as deined in section 4.72 of
this Securities Note

(6) — the same Schcduled Amortisarion Starting Date which shall be specificd in the
applicable Issuing Document. A Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date may be a Seheduled
Amorisation Starting Date, provided that:

66 In accordance with section 4: of the Socuriis Note, the election by the
Fund, represented by the Management Company and following a Sellers
Optional Farly Redemption Wren Instruction to exercise the (optional
edemptin of the relevant Note Series on the applicable Note Series 20xx-py
Clcan-Up Call Date or () the optional redempiion of the relevant Note Series
on the Note Seres 200x-yy Call Date specified in the applicable Issuing
Document shall constitute an Optional Early Redemption Event

(io IE one or several Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date() are specified in the
relevant Issuing Document, the Class A20xx-yy Notes. the Class B20xc3y
Notes and the Class CZlrx-yy Notes in respect of such given Note Series
shall have the same Note Series 209x-yy Call Date(s)

(Gi) "The Management Company, on behalf of the Pund, will if directed to do so
boy the Sl), on he Payment Date and on any subsequent Payment Date on
which he Note Series 20%x-3y Clean-Up Call Condition is satisticd (he
Note Series 20xx-3y Clean-Up Call Date), redcem any outstanding Note
Series n an amount equal to the applicable Note Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up
Call Amount.

For his purpose

¡Note Series 20xx-y3 Clean-Up Call Dat
Payment Date on which the Note Series 20xx-3y Clean-Up Call Condition is satisicd and any
subsequent Payment Date

* means, in espect of any Note Seris 20xx3y, the

ote Series 20:x-yy Clean:Up Call Amount” mesns, on a Payment Date and in respect of
li Note Series 2041-33; an amount equal to the positive difference between:

(a) — the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note Seres 20xx-y on Ihe immediately

preceding Payment Date; and

n


43.

4.

(6) — the Note Series 20xx-yy Available Amoriation Amount with respect lo such
Payment Date

(6) the same Notes Final Legal Maturity Date, which shall o specified in hc applicable
ISsuing Document

Appointment of global coordinator, lead managers, bookrunners or underwriters in
«connection with the issue of he Notes

"hc enitics participating as global coordinators, lead managers, bookrunners or underwrters
fte Notes in cach Notes Series will be designated in the camesponding Issuing Document.

WIZINK vil actas Director of the Programme.

Each selected entity as global coordinator, lead manager, bookrunser or underwritr must
have the operational resources necessary o cary cut the relevant functions atributed hereto,
including disbursing the Notes Serisin the relevant Disbursement Date in th terms set out án
the comesponding Issuing Document

The Management Company will enter into a Notes Subscription Agreement with one or
several lead managers, bookrumers or underwrters and/or subscribers in relsion to cach
Class of the Notes Series. Alternatively, the subscription of the initial Note Series isued on
hc Fund Incorporation Date may be documented in the Decd of Incorporaton.

WIZINK or any entity designated by WIZINK shall be entiled to (and may reserve the right
10) subscribe in full rán part any Notes oF a Note Serios issued by the Fund.

Tac holding or subscription of one of the classes of Notes of a Notes Series does not
necessarily imply hc holding of subscription of the Notes of the other classes of Notes of
such Notes Series

Legislaion under which to Notes have been created!

Tis Fund is incorporated and the Notes vil e issued in accordance with ho Spanish laws
applicable to them and, in particular, wit (1) the Legislatwe Royal Decree 442015; (li) Law
S/2015: (ii) Royal Decrce 1310/2015: (iv) Order EMA/3537(2005: (iv) Royal Decree
116/1992; (1) Royal Decree 878/2015 and (vi) any ouher legal and regulatory provisions in
force that apply from time to time.

Tas Fund is incorporated and the Notes will e issued in accordance with he Spanist laws
applicable to them and, in particular, with (1) the Legislatwe Royal Decree 4/2015; (4) Law
S/2015: (ii) Royal Decrec 1310/2015; (iv) Order EHA/3S37/2005, iv) the first section of
Chapter IL of Tie 1 of Royal Dectes A7K/2015, anicle 44 thercof as well as any other of the
provisions thereof applicable to he Notes in accordance with the Second Addiional
Provision of Royal Decree 8781015; (v) Royal Decrec 116/1992 (except the fist section of
Chapter IL of Title 1) o the extent applicable 10 the Notes in ascondance with the Second

»


45.

Additional Provision of Royal Decrec 878/2015 and (vi) any other legal and regulatory
provisions in force hat apply from time to time.

This Securtics Not has bxen prepared in accordance with the models set out in Regulation
09/2004 as amended)

Any discrepancy or dispute rlating to the Fund or the Notes issucd against the Fund and
rising during the operation or sculement of the Fund, whether betwcen the Noteholders or
etween Ahesc and tho Management Company, vil be hcurd before the Cours of the city of
Madrid,

Indication ol whether the securities ae in certificate or book-entry form

"hc Notes will be represeted (1) by book etrics(anoraciones en cuenta) and will be created
as such by vituc of their corresponding book entry and will be made out to the bearer or (4)
in registered ts (ríndos nominativos)

"hc Final Terms or the Deed of Issue (vih respect to the Notes represented in book entry
form) will produce the lfects provided for in amicle 7 of the Legilaive Royal Decree
412015.

In accordance with the provisions of aricle 6 of Royal Decrec 116/1992, the denomination,
number of units, nominal value and otr characteristics and conditions of cach Notes
represented in boolcentry form are those included in hc relevant Isuing Document

Tas Noteholders will be identifica us such (for heir own account o hat of third parti):

(a) — in case of listed Notes, as recorded in the bookentry register maintained by
IBERCLEAR (and ús participan entiics) with registered office at Plaza de la
Lealtad, n* 1, Madrid, which will be appointed as the entity in charge of the book-
entry registry of hc Notes; and

(6) imtbecascof unlisted Notes and us described in section 4.5.1. the Securiis Note:

(6) where represented in book emtry form (anotaciones en cuenta), as recorded in
lc relevant book-cmry registry maintained by the duly licensed financial
insitution sppointed by he Management Company to his efect and

(where represented in registered ttls (stos nominativos) as recorded in the
Registry-Book of Noteholders kep by hc Management Company (a defined
in section 45.1 of th Securities Noe).

45.1. Special provisions in connection with unlisted Notes
In the case of united Notes, hey will be represented, as specific in the relevant Deed of

Issue, ciher in book-enty form (anotaciones en cuenta) or in registered tiles (rílos

”


nominativo), provided that in case of unistod Notes, all Notes of a given Class must be
issued under the same format (bool-enty form or registered ies)

Lssuing Document

Tas incorporation af th unlised Notes of the successive Notes Seres will be instrumented
rough the relevant Decd of Issue which vil be cxccutod by the Management Company. for
and on beba of the Fund.

"e Management Company shall ensure that he Decd of Issue includes, mutais mutandí, ho
information included in Sehedale 2*Form of Final Term".

Book-entry form

Where the unlited Nos are represented in book:entry form (anotaciones en cuenta), the
relevant bookc<ntry registry shall be maintincd by the duly licensed financial institution
appointed by the Management Company to this ífcc (whose identity shall be specific in the
relevant Decd of Isus) in accordance with the provisions of Royal Decree 878/2015,

Registered tiles

Where he unlisted Notes are represeted by means of registered ts (rulos nominaivos).
(cach, a Multiple Certificate) the Management Company shall keep a regisry-book of
Notcholders (the Regístry-Book). The Management Company shall register in the Registy-
Book the owncrship of such unlisted Notes, as well as any in rem right created over them.

The Management Company shall only egard as Notcholderanalor bencficiary of the in rem
vights created over the relevant unlisted Notes to those which are registered as such n the
abovementioned Registry-Book: for such purposes, the relevant transfer o th unlisted Notes
dr the creation of th in rem rights must daly motificd to the Management Company in
“accordance with the below

In order for the transfer of the Notes to be cfective vis-icvis the Fund dh transfcror and the
ransferee shall duly notify (noricar fehacientemente) such transfer to the Management
Company. The Management Company shall record th transfer of the Notes in the above
mentioned Regisry-Book as soon as posible upon receipt of hc relevant notification

Funhermore, the holders of united Notes shall duly notify (norificar fehacientemente) the
Management Company any changes in thcir address or bank account where payments under
he Noes are fcctod The Management Company shall nt be liable in cae of changes of
address or bank accoum which are not duly notfi to the Management Company in the
manner provided in this section,

Tas holders o the unlisted Notes and the relevant beneficiry of the in rem rights hall duly
notify (norificar fehacientemente) the Management Company the creation f any such in rem


46.

461.

462.

sight over the Notes so that the Management Company can register ts existence in the
Registry-Book.

Tas holder of ths united Notes shall b entitled o request from the Management Company
hc issue of a new Multiple Cetificate repesentng the Notes owned by it

In the event of destruction, loss or theft or the Multiple Comificat, he holder of the Notes
may obtain a duplicate of he relevant Multiple Certificate from the Management Company.
For his purpose it will o necessary that request is made to the Management Company wit
a declaration hat tio Note and the Multiple Cefcate have not been transfered,

Ranking of the Notes according to the subordination rules
Status and Ranking of the Class A Notes

The Class A Notes of any Not Seics when issued will conste direct and unsubordinated
bligations of the Fund and all payments of principal and interest (and area, if any) on the
Class A Notes of any Note Series shall be made in accordance with hc applicable Priority of
Payments. The Class A Notes of cach Note Series rank parí passu without preference or
priority amongst themselves and with the ouher Class A Notes of any Noto Series (being
specified hat payments of principal between the Note Serios are subject to ho fed rai af
alloction of principal ic. he Note Series 20xx-yy Principal Ratio),

Por ose purposes, Priority of Payments means.

(a) — duringrhe Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisaion Period:

6) the Interest Priority of Payments;
(io the Interest Shordall Priority of Payments; and!
(Gi) the Principal Priority of Payments

(6) — during the Programme Accelerated Amoriation Period, the Accelerated Priority of
Payments.

Status and Ranking of the Class B Notes

"he Class B Notes of any Note Series when isued will constitute direct and subordinated
bligations of the Fund and all payments of principal and interest (and area, any) om the
Class B Notes of any Note Seres shall be made in accordance with he applicable Priority af
Payments. The Class E Notes of cach Note Series rank parí passu without preference or
priority amongs themselves and with he other Class B Notes of any Note Series (bcing
specified hat payments of pincial between the Note Serios are subject to he fed ratio af
allocation of pricipal (ic. he Note Series 20xx-yy Principal Ratio).

16


463.

464.

Status and Ranking of the Class C Notes

Tas Class C Notes af any Note Seris when issued will constitute direct and subordinated
bligations ol the Fund and all payments of principal and interest (and area, if any) om the
Class C Notes of any Note Seres shall be made in accordance with he applicable Priority o
Payments. The Class C Notes of cach Note Series rank parí passu without preference or
priority amongst themselves and with he other Class C Notes of any Note Soros (being
specified hat payments of pincial between the Note Serios are subject to ho fed ratio af
alloation of principal ic. he Note Series 20%x-yy Principal Ratio),

Relationship between the Notes of any Note Series and the S
Pacilitys pa

ler Interest Credit

ty of Payments
(a) — Duringthe Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period:

(6) payments of principal in respect ofhe Class B Notes of any Note Series are
<ubordinated to payments of principal in respect the Class A Notes of the
same Note Series, being specified that payments of principal betwcen the
Noe Series are subjet 10 the fixed ratio of allocarion of principal (Le. the
Noe Series 20xx-3y Principal Ratio).

(io payments of principal in respec of the Class C Notes of any Note Serios are
subondinated to payments af principal in respeto, respectively, the Class A
Notes and the Class B Notes of the same Note Series, being specific that
payments of principal betwen the Note Series are subject to he fixed ratio a
“location of principal (0. he Note Series 20xx-yy Principal Ratio).

(Gi) payments ol interes in respect of the Clas B Notes and the Class C Notes of
any Note Series are subordinated to payments of interest in respect ol.
respectively the Class A Notes and he Class B Notes of all Note Serss

(6) — Duringthe Programme Revolving Period only):

6) i£ te Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is not in debi on he preceding.
Calculaion Dat, repayment of tho SICE Amortisation Amount shall ran
equally vih any payment of principal in respecto he then most senior Class
of Noles (whether it be tbe Class A Notes, the Clas B Notes or the Class C
Notes) provided, however, that ¡and for so long as the Residual Principal
Deliciency Ledger is in debit on the preceding Calculation Date, mo
repayment of the SICF Amortisation Amount shall be made (the SICF
Amorisation Amount being equal to zero (0) and

(io payments of SICE Interest Amount on the elle Interest Credit Paciliy will

e paid on the same rank with ho payments of interest under th Ahen most
senior Class of Notes (whether it be Class A Notes, Class B Notes or Class C
Notes)

”


(o

0)

445. — Summary of he ranking of the interest payments Notes

Tac ranking o he interest payments of the Notes sin the

0)

0)

Daring the Programme Amortisation Period:

6) no repayment of the SICF Amortisation Amount under the Seller Interest
Credit Facility shall bo made for so long as the Notes o al Note Series have
ot been edeermed in fl and.

(io payments of SICE Interest Amount on th Seller Interes Credit Facility aro
subontinated o he payments of the Notes of any Nate Series

During he Programme Acceleated Amortisaion Period:

(6) o payment on the Class B Notes of any Note Series hall be made for 50
Jong as he Class A Notes of ll Note Seres have not been redcemed inf

(Gi) mo payment on th Class C Notes of any Note Series shall be made for so
Jong as the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes af all Note Serios have not
en redctmed in al

(Gi) payments of SICE Interest Amount on th Seller Interes Credit Facility aro
subordinated 10 he payments of the Notes of any Note Series and

(1) no sepayment of SICE Principal Amount Outstanding on the Seller Interes
Credit Facility shall bo made for so long as the Notes o al Note Series have
ot ben redemed in fl.

the Fund order of payments

lowing Priority of Payments:
Class A Notes

Dating the Programme Revolving Period and th Programme Amoriation Period the
payment of interest accrued by the Class A Notes ranks third (3rd) in Uh Interest
Priority of Payments se ut in section 344.2 0fthe Additional Building Block

During the Programme Accclorated Amortistion Period the payment of interest
acerued by the Class A Notes ranks third (Jrd) in Ahe Accclerated Priority of
Payments set out insecion 3.4.7.2 he Additional Building Block.

Class B Notes

During the Programme Revolving Period and th Programme Amoriation Period the
payment of interest acerued by the Class 1 Notes ranks

6) once all Class A Notes f al Notes Series have been redccmed in ul, third
(rd) in the Interest Priority of Payments set ut in section 2472 of he
Additional Building Block or


(Gi) to Ahccxtem not paid in third Gr) place as per (1) above, scventh (Th) in the
Interest Priority of Payments set out in section 3.472 of he Additional
Eilding Block.

During the Programme Accclorated Amortistion Period the payment of interest
acerued by the Class B Notes ranks seventh (74h) in th Acceleated Priority of
Payments set out insecion 3.472 8 he Additional Building Block.

(o) Class CNotes

During the Programme Revolving Period and th Programme Amontiation Period the
payment of interest acerued by the Class C Notes ranks

(6) once all Class A Notes and Class B Notes of all Notes Serios have been
redecmed in full, lid (Sr) in th Interest Priority of Payments set out in
section 34.72 of the Adéional Building Block or

(Gi) 10 the extent not paid in third (ra) place as per () above, cleventh (11) in
he Interest Priority of Payments set out in section 3.4.2 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

During the Programme Accclorated Amortistion Period the payment of interest
“acerued by the Class C Notes ranks tenih (10h) in the Accelerated Priority of
Payments set out insecion 3.4.7.2 he Additional Building Block.

4.66. — Summary of the ranking of the Notes repayments in the Fund order of payments
Tac ranking o he principal payments of the Nots in th following Priority of Payments:
(a) Class A Notes

Dating the Programme Revolving Period and th Programme Amoriation Period the
epayment of principal of the Class A Notes ranks second (2nd) in the Principal
Priority of Payments se ut in section 344.2 af the Additional Building Block

Daring the Programme Accelerated Amortistion Period the epayment of principal
of Ae Class A Notes ranks fl (Sr) in the Acceerated Priority of Payments set out
in section 347.2 of he Aditional Building Block.

(6) Class B Notes

Dating the Programme Revolving Period and th Programme Amorisation Period the
epayment of principal af the Class B Notes rank:

(6) oncecall Class A Notes oF all Notes Series have been redecmed in full second!
(Qud) in the Principal Priority of Payments st out in section 3:42 0f he
Additional Building Block or

”


462.

(o to these not paid in second (2nd) place as peri) above, third (3rd) in the
Principal Priority af Payments st out in section 3472 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

Daring the Programme Accelerated Amortistion Period th epayment of principal
of he Class 3 Notes ranks cighi (8h) in the Accelerated Priority of Payments set
¿tin section 34.72 0f the Addiional Building Block.

(o) Class CNotes

Dating the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amontisation Period the
epayment of principal af the Class C Notes rank:

6) once all Class A Notes and Class B Notes of all Notes Seres have been
redecmed in full, second (2nd) in the Principal Priority of Payments set ut in
section 34.72 of the Adétional Building Block or

(io 10 he extent not paid in second (2nd) place as per () above, fourth (4) in
he Principal Priority of Payments set out in section 34.72 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

During the Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period the repayment of principal
fte Class C Notes ranks cleventh (11th) in ho Accelrated Priority of Payments set

¿tin section 34.72 0f the Additional Building Block.
Description o the rights attached to the Notes

Pursuant to curent legsltion infor, the Notes detailed in his Secuitics Not will ofr no
fsture or present political rights to the investors acquirin them in relation to he Fund or is
Management Company. This is consitent with the Funds nature as a separate estate
(patrimonio separado) without legal personality

Tas investors economic and financia rights associated with the acquisition and owncrship
hc Notes will e those derived from the interest rates, Jiclds and redemption prices with
vwbich the Notes are issucd and which are detiled in sections 4.7 and 43 below of this
¡Securtics Note and in the applicable Isuing Document

"he Notcholders are subject, with respect to the payment of interest and principal repayment
af he Notes, to the relevant Priority of Payments set ut ín section 34.72 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

"he Notcholders will have no recourse against the Management Company, other than from
úon-performance of ls duties or non-compliance with he provision of his Base Prospecta,
of he Deed of Incorporation and he applicable laws and regulations. In this regard, no action
f he Notcholders against the Management Company shall e based on () deinquency or
prepayment of the Reccivables;() non-ulfilmen by the counterpartcs of the transaction

so


47.

entered in o the name and on behalf of the Fund: or (il) the insufiiency of the credit
enbancementsto cover the payments of the Notes of any Class.

Tac Noteholders shall have no actions against the Borrowers that have failed to comply with
Alicir payments obligations. n his regard, ho Management Company. as legal representativo
of Ahe Fund and acting on ts own name, or the Service, vil be the only persons empowered
o address any action. The duties and responsibilics of the Management Company are
described in soction 3.1.1 of the Adéiional Building Block.

Any issue, discrepaney or dispute regarding the Fund or the Notes ihat may arise during ts
life or its liquidacion, be it amongst the Noteholders or between the later and the
Management Company vil be submited o the courts and tribunal of he city of Madrid,
vit war of any ote jurisdicion to wbich th parties may be enild.

Nom

rest rate and provision relating o interest payable

47.1. Period ol Acerual

Interest on any Class ol Notes of any Note Series will be payable by reference o successivo
interest periods (cach an Interest Period). Each Class of Note of any Note Seres will hear
interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding (as defined below) from and including the
relevant Notes Seris Disbursement Date until th cali of (+) the date on which is Principal
Amount Outstanding is reduced to ero (0), (y) ts Notes Final Legal Maturity Date specified
inc applicable Issuing Document or (7) the Fand Liquidation Date.

47.2. Payment Dates and Interest Periods

Tas provisons in this section apply to all Class of Notes iespective of whether they are
Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes.

(2) PaymentDates

Interest and principal will be payable on ihe Notes of any Note Series on any
Payment Date, (each, a Payment Date). Payment Date means th dy falling o the
261h in cach month of cach year subject 1o the Modified Following Business Day
Convention.

Business Day Convention:

The Modified Following Business Day Convention shall apply to all Note, where
ita Payment Date is nota Business Day, such date shall be postponed to the next day
lat is a Business Day unless t would hereby fal into the next calendar mom,
wwbich cxent such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding.
Business Day.

For these purposes, Business Day means a day which is a TARGET2 Business Day
thor than () a Saturday, () a Sunday or ii) a public holiday in Madeid (Spain) or

.


and (v) as the case muy be, any other day speciicd in 1h corresponding Issuing.
Document

TARGETZ Ki
Real-Time Gross Seulement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) is open.

ses Day means a day on which the Trans-Europcan Automated

(0) Interest Periods

Por these purposes, an Interest Period means with respect o all Classes of Notes of
any Note Series any period beginning on (and including) the previous Payment Date
“and ending on (but excluding) such Payment Date, save forte first Interes Period of
any Note Series which shall begin on (and include), as applicable, the Disbursement
Date of such Note Series and shall end on (but exclude) the fist Payment Date
specified in the relevant ssuing Document

"hc last Interest Period of such Note Series shall end on (and cxclude) at th latest on
li Notes Final Legal Maturty Dat of such Note Serios

47.3. Interest Rate

Th annual interest rate (he Interest Rate) applicable during the Programme Revolving
Period, the Programme Amoriation Period and the Programme Accelrated Amortiation
Perid to Nokes of any Note Series in respect of cach Interes Period shal! he specific in th.
“applicable Issuing Document

Notes of any Note Series may bear a fixed rate (he Fixed Rate Notes) o aflating rate (the
Floating Rate Notes) a specifid in hc applicable Isuing Document

Tas Interest Rate acorued by he Notes of any Notes Seics during cah Interest Period will be
1) or any Fixed Rate Notes, the Intrest Rate specificd in respect of such Notes in the
corresponding Issuing Document (which in any event shall be equal or higher than zero
percent (05%)) and (for any Floating Rate Notes the maximum betwcen zero percent (0%)
“and the result of adding (a) the Reference Rate (rounded in accordance wilh the proviions
below); and () he Relevant Margin or the relevant Step-up Margin as the case may be)

"hc Hosting Rate Notes may be subject to a Maximum Interest Rate or a Minimum Interest
Rate as specific int applicable Issuing Document

474. Day Count Fraction

Tac applicable Day Count Praction with respec o any Noto Series shall be speciic in the
“applicable Issuing Document

For hese purposes, Day Count Fraction means, in respec of caculation of an amount of
interest on any Note of any Note Series for any period of time (from and including th first
day of such period o but excluding he las) (whether or not consituting an Interes Period,
the Calculation Period)


(a) — if “Actuall36S” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the relevant Issuing
Document he actual number of days in the Interes Period divided by 365 (or, ¡Fany
portion of tha Interest Period falls a lea year, he sum of (A) the actual number of
days in that portion of the Interes Period falling in a lep year divided by 366 and (8)
th actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365)

(b) — if "Actual/Actual.ICMA" is speciicd in th relevant Issuing Document
6) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shoner than the Determination Period!

ring which fal the number of days in he Calculation Period divided by
le product ol (x) the mumber of days in such Determination Period and (3)

tc number of Determination Peiods normally ending in any yea; and
(io ¡Fine Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, th sum of
(A) — the number of days in such Calculation Period faling in the

Determination Period in which it begins divided by th product af
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year and

(8) the number of days in such Calculation Period faling in the next
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of
Determination Period normally ending in any year,

in cuch case where

Determination: Period means the period from and including am Interes
Determination Date in any ycar to but excluding the next Interest Determination
Date: and

Interest Determination Date with respecto any Flosting Rate Notes and in relation
vo an Interest Period, h dat specified as such in hn relevant Issuing Document o,
ones so specified, two (2) Business Days before the date on which such Interest
Periad begins:

(<) — if “Actual/36S (Fixed)" is specific in the releva ssuing Document, the actual
number of days in the Calculaion Period divided by 365.

(d) — if Actual360" is specificd in the relevant Issuing Document, the actual number of
dy in he Calculation Period divided by 360:

(e) if “20/3607, “36U/360" or “Bond Basis" is speciicd in the relevant ssuing
Document, he number of days in he Calculation Period divided by 360 calulated
on a formula bass as follows:

ss


0

IV: Y AB; MAD, Dy
360

bere:

"YI" is th yea, expressed as a mumber, in which ho fist day of the Calculation
Period falls

Y" is th year, expressed as a mumber, in which the day immediately following the
last day included in hc Calculation Period falls:

“MI” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the
Calculaion Period al

“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately
following the last day included in the Calculation Period fal

"DI" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculaion Period,
unless such number would be 31, in which case DI will be 30: and

“D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day
included in the Calculation Period, unless such mumber would be 31, in which case
D2 ville 30:

A "3OR/360 (ISDA)" is specific in the relevant Issuing Document, the number of
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as
follows

Day Count Fraction= 360 x(Y. Y J430x(M;-Mp+D; Dj
360

bere:

YI is he year, expressed as a number, in which the fs day of he Calculaion
Period falls

“Y is the yea, expressed as a number, in which the day immedia
le lat day included in the Calcuation Period fal

iy following

“MI” ix the calendar month, expressed as a mumber, in which the first day of the
Calculaion Period al

“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls

se


DI" is the first calendar day, expressed as a mumber, of the Calculation Period,

unless (3) that day is the lat day of February or () such number would be 31, in
which cose DI will be 30% and

*D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last
day included in the Calculation Period, unless () that day is the last day of
February but not the Maturty Date or () such number would be 31, in which case
D2 ville 30.

475. Fixed Rate Notes

(a) — Calculaion of the Class A Notes Monthly Interest Amount, the Class B Notes
Monthly Interest Amount and the Class C Notes Monthly Interest Amount for the
Fixed Rate Notes

On cach Calculation Date the Management Company shall calculate the amount of
interest payable in respect of the Fixed Rate Notes of any Noto Series (for such
purposes, the Class A20x:-yy Notes Interest Amount, the Class B20xx-yy Notes
Interest Amount and the Class Cl0xx-yy Notes Interest Amount for any Note
Series and indistinctively, be Notes Interest Amount)

Tas amount of interest payable in respoct of any Fixed Rate Note af any Note Series
for any period shall be calculated by multiplyin the product of he Interest Rate and
the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note by the Day Count Fraction,

(b) — Notification o he Notes Interest Amount

The Management Company shall notify the Notes Inrest Amount of any Class of
Notes of any Note Series applicable for the relevant Interest Period to the Paying
“Agent at cast one (1) Business Day prior o cach Payment Date (or such oler date as
agreed between the Management Company and the Paying Agent from time o time).

(6) Notificationto be final

All notifications, certificates, communication, opinions, determination, calculos,
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purpose of the
rovisions of this section by the Management Company shall (án he absence of
villfl default (dolo), bad faith (mala fe) or manifest eror [error manifiesto)) be
binding on the Fund, hc Paying Agent and all Note Series Noteholder.

(4) — FioorInerest Rate

Tas Introst Rat ccrued by any Fixed Rate Notes of any Notes Series during cach
Interes Period specific in the relevant Isuing Document shall ín any event be equal
higher than zero percent (0%)


47.6. Fioating Rate Notes

(a) — Determination of Interest Rate and calcultion of the Class A20xx-yy Notes Interest
Amount, the Class B20xx-yy Notes Interest Amount and the Class C2xx-yy Notes
Interest Amount for the Floating Rate Notes

(On cach Interest Determination Date the Management Compuny shall determino th
Interest Rate applicable to the Notes of any Note Seris for th relevant Interest
Period

(0) Interest Rate for Plating Rate Notes

Tas Interest Rate in respect of Flouting Rate Notes of any Note Series for cach
Interest Period will be the result of adding the Relevant Margin (or hc Siep-Up
Margin) o the Reference Rate and shall be determined in he manner specific in he
relevant Isuing Document: the provisions below xclating to Reference Rate
determination shall apply

For his purpose Reference Rate shall be the EURIBOR for one (1) mont.
Tas Reference Rate for cach Itrest Period will subject as provided below, e:

(6) the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00
“am. (Brussels timo) (or, with respeto the fist Interest Period, the rate
vwbich represents th lincar ntespoltion of th relevant EURIBOR rates for
such period as speclied in the relevant Issuing Document) on the Interest
Determination Date in question as motiicd by the Paying Agent to the
Management Company:

(io i£ the Relevant Screen Page is noL available as a the time specific above,
bin Ah rato for any relevant period shall e the arilmetic mean (rounded to
four decimal places with the mid point rounded upwards) of the offered
quotations expressed as a percentage rate per anmum) notified to th Paying
Agent st lts request by cach of the principal Euro-zonc office of cach of he
Reference Banks as th rate at which curo deposits in respect of the relevant
period in a representative amount are offered by the Reference Bank to
Icading banks in Ahe curozone interbank for the Reference Rate al
approximately 11.00 4.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date
in question; and

(Gi) if, at the time, the Reference Rate is unavailable and only two of the
Reference Banks provide such quoted rate to the Paying Agent, the relevant
ate will be determined on the basis of the average quoted rate of such two
Reference Banks able to provide such quotaions; or

so


(Y) if at time, the Reference Rate is unavailable and only onc or none of the
Reference Banks provides th Paying Agent with such quoted rat, th rte in
efícc for the immedistely preceding Interest Period will apply or in the
absence of such, the immediately preceding Business Day where such
Reference Rate is available

Tas Paying Agent sball communicate to the Management Company by email, before
13:00 CET of the Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate including the
supporting documentation for such calculations.

(<) Relevant Margin and Step-up Margin

"hc Relevant Margin and, as applicable, the Siep-up Margin for the Hosting Rate
Noxes shall e specfid in th applicable Issuing Document

(4) — Rounding

For th purposes of any clculations require, (x) ll percentage resulting from such
calculatios shall be rounded (¡ necessary, to the nearest one hundred-housandih of
a percentage point, 0.000005 ing rounded upwards), (y) all figures shall be rosnded
o seven significant fguros (4

ba al ue and payuble shall e rounded to the ncarest lowest amount of EUR thats
available as legal tender (with halves Being rounded up)

halves being rounded up) and (2) all EUR amounts

(e) Cappedoroored Euribor

1£ amy Notes of any Note Ser are Flouting Rate Notes, the applicable EURIBOR:
may be capped or Mloored ata cetin level wbich shall be specified in he applicable
Issuing Document

(0 PoorImerest Rate

The Interest Rate sccrued by the Notes of any Notes Series during cach Interest
Perid il be for any Floating Rate the maximum between zero percent (0%) ad the
result of adding (a) the Reference Rate rounded in accordance with the provisions
above); and (b) he Relevant Margin or the relevant Stp-up Margin (as the case may
bo)

(6) Calculaions
Tas amount of interest payable in respect of any Flomting Rate Note of any Note

Series far my period shall be calculated by multipiying the product of the Interes
Kate and the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note by he Day Count Fration.

y


0)

w

")
437

(a

o

Notfiction of the Notes Interest Amount

"he Management Company shall notify the Class A2Oxx-yy Notes Interest Amount
he Class B20wxyy Notes Interest Amount and the Class C20x:3y Notes Interest
“Amount of any Note Series applicable for the relevant Interest Period to the Paging.
Agent at cast one (1) Business Day prior o cach Payment Date (or such other date as
agreed between the Management Company and the Paying Agent from time o time).

Notfication to be final

All notifications, certificates, communication, opinions, determination, calculos,
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purpose of the
provisions of this section whether by the Reference Banks (or any of them) or the:
Management Company shall in the absence of willful default (dolo), ad faith (mala
fe) ox manifest ero (error manifeto)) be binding on the Management Company, the
Fund, the Reference Banks, the Paying Agent ad all Note Seres Noteholders

Reference Banks

Reference Banks means the three (3) major banks in he curo-zonc inter-bank market
selected by the Paying Agent from time to timo and if any such bank is unable or
vunwilling 10 continue to act, such other bank as may be selecod by the Paying Agent
on behalf the Fund to act in ts place.

¡Step-up Interest Rate and Step-up Margin
Step-up Interes Rate

Fixed Rate Notes of any Note Series may bear a step-up intros rte (if and as
specified in the applicable Issuing Document) if such Fixed Rate Notes are not
fully redcemed (a) on the applicable Note Series 20:x-yy Call Date (if a Note
Series 20xx-yy Call ate is specified inn applicable ssuing Document), or (b)
he established Note Series Reimbursement — Date (if a Note
Series Reimbursement Date is specific in the applicable Isuing Document)
ven such Note Series Rcimbursement Date arrives and the Issucr decides to
extend said date subjec lo Abe previous acceptance by the Noteholders, (he
Step-up Interest Rate).

Such Step-up Interest Rate will e applicable after such date an shall replace th
Interest Rat,

The Step-up Interest Rate shall be specified in the applicable Isuing Document
Step-up Margin

A step-up margin (if and as specific in the applicable scuing Document)
apply to Flosting Rate Notes of any Note Seris f such Floating Rate Notes ar

se


mot fully redeemed on (a) he applicable Note Series 04x-yy Call Dat (if such
Note Series 20xx-3y Call Date is specilicd in the applicable Issuing Document).
or (b) the established Note Series. Reimbursement Date (fa Note
Series Reimbursement Date is specific in the applicable Isuing Document)
ven such Note Series Reimbursement Date amives and the Issuer decides to
extend said date subjcet o the previous acceptance by the Notcholders (th Step»
up Marin)

The Step-up Margin wi
Relevant Margin.

be applicable after such date and shall replace the

The Step-up Margin shall be specific in the applicable Isuing Document
47.8. Payments under the Notes
47:81 General

Payments of principal and interest (including, for he avoidance of doubt, any arras of
interest, where applicable) in respect of the Notes of any Note Series in accordance wit th
Priority of Payments se ut in section 344.2 of the Additional Building Block will be made:

(a) — in case of listed Notes, by transfer to the account of ihe relevant participan in
IBERCLEAR to distribute the corresponding amounts to th relevant Note Seres
Noteholders. The payment will he made tough the Paying Agent, using
IBERCLEAR and its paticipaive entitic to distribute the comesponding amownts.

(b) in case of unlisted Notes in book-<mry form, by transfer to the account duly notifica
by the Noteholder o the duly licensed financial institution appoimed by the
Management Company to manage such registry. for such purposes. The payment will
be made through the Paying Agent.

(6) in case of unlisted Notes in registered form, by transfer to the account duly notified
by the Notcholder to he Management Company for such purposes The payment vil
be made through th Paying Agent

Tas Fund, scting through the Management Company, will not postpone the payment of
interest (or principal) of the Notes later than the Fund Legal Matuity Date.

Payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes will, in ll cases, be mado subject to
any ta or other laws and regulations applicable therto. No fees or expenses shall be charged
to the Note Series Notcholders in respect of such payments. Payments of principal and
inteest in respec oh Notes shall be made net of any wihholding ta (f any) applicable to
he Notes of any Note Serios in the relevant state or jursdiciion, and neither the Fund, the
Management Company, any Eligible Hedging Counterputcs or the Paying Agent shall be
“under any obligation o gros up such amounts as a consequence or oxhevise compensate the
Noucholders for the lesscr amounts the Notcholders vil receive as a result of such

so


48.

wiihholding or deduction. Any such imposition of withholding taxes wil result in the
Nouholders receiving alessr amount in respect of he payments on the Notes. The ratings to
be assigned by the Relevant Rating Agencies to the Rated Notes will not address the
likeibood of the imposition of vithholding taxes

lá of
Ale Notes a subject will be exclusively assumed by the Noteholders and, where applicable,
Alcir corresponding amount will bo deducted by the entity obligo to do so in he legally
established manner.

Any current or future wihboldings, rates and taxes to which the capital, interest or y

47.2 Payment Dates
Funhrto section 4.72 above Note Seres will have a Payment Dat.

1 the Payment Date of any amownt of principal or interest in respect of any Note is not a
he Modificd Following Business Day Convention shall apply. 1 any payment
ot be entitled to

Business Ds

is postponed as result of the foregoing, the Note Series Notcholders shall
any interest or other sums in respec ol such postponed payment

4753 Distributions

On csch Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme
Amoriation Period, the Available Interst Amount and the Available Principal Amount,

together with the General Reserve under certain conditions, hall e applicd in making the
payments sefered to in the Interest Priority of Payments and Principal Pririy of Payments.

Prior 10 cach Payment Date, the Management Company shall make the relevant alculations
“and determinations n connection with each Priority of Payments.

On cach Payment Date during the Programme Acceleated Amontisation Period, the Available
Distribution Amount shall be applicd in making the payments referrd to in the Accelerated
Priority of Payments.

479 Caleulaion Agent

"The calculan agent in respec the Notes halle he Management Company.
Maturity Date and edemption of the securitics

484. Notes Pinal Legal Maturily Date

Unless previously redeemed or cancelled as provided for below, the Notes of any Note Series
vil be redcemed at their Principal Amount Outstanding on a Payment Date being the Notes
Final Legal Maturity Date of such Notes Series (as specific in the applicable Issuing.
Document and subject to the relevant Modified Following Business Day Convention) in
“accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments (he Notes Final Legal Maturity Date).

0


Any par of hc nominal value of any Class of Notes of any Note Serics o of the interest due
on thercon which may remain unpaid shall he automatically cancelled air the applicable
Noues Final Legal Matuity Date, so that the Note Series Notcholders, after such dut, sal
have no right to asset a claim in this respect aguinst the Fund, regardles of he amount
which may remain unpaid after their Notes Final Legal Maturty Date.

482. Redemption of the Notes
482.1 Note Series Non-Amortisation Period.

Dating any Note Series Non-Amortsation Period wilh respeto any given Note Series, the
holders oh Notes of such Note Seres vil only reccive payments of interest on thir Notes
vn cach Payment Date in accordance with the Inrest Priority of Payments and will no
receive any principal payment

Th Note Serios Non-Amontisation Period of a given Noto Series shall start on he applicable
Issue Date (included) and shall terminate on the Amortisation Starting Date (excluded) of
such Note Series.

For these purposes, Amortisation Starting Date or Note Series 20xx39 Amorti
¡Starting Date means, with respect to any outstanding Note Seres, hc carlcr of the following
dates

(a) the applicable Scheduled Amonisation Starting Date and

(0) the Payment Date immediately following the occurrence of a Revolving Termination
Esent or an Aceclerated Amortisation Even

4822 Note Series Amortisation Period

(On cach Payment Dato within he Note Series Amortisation Period, the holders of the Notes
df such Note Series shall recciv interest and principal payments on cach Payment Date in
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.

Daring the Programme Amorisation Period or the Programme Accclerated Amortiation
Period of the Fund all outstanding Note Series shall be in their Note Series Amortiation
Period inespecivo of thcr respectivo Scheduled Amonisation Starting Date and their Note
Series 20xx-yy Call Dat(s),

"he Note Series Amortsation Period of a given Note Series shall start on the applicable
Amorisation Staring Date (included) and shall end on the carir of (included) of () the
Payment Date on which the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of such Note Series
vil be reduced to zero (0) (including following the exercise of he optional cary redemption
"oy the Seller), (si) hc Notes Final Legal Maturity Date of such Note Series and (ii) hc Fund
Liquidation Dat.

a


483. Programme Amortisation Period!

"hc Programme Amortisation Period means hc period which wi

(a) star on the Payment Date (inclusive) immediately following the occurrence of a
Revolving Termination Event

(b) — end on th Payment Date immediately folowing the occurtence ol an Acceleated
Amonisation Event

During he Programme Amortsation Period, the Class A Notes, Class Notes and Class C
Notes of all Note Seris sall be subjec1o a mandatoryredemption on cach Payment Dat in
an amount cqual to th applicable Class A Notes Monthly Amoriation Amount, as defined
in section 4.6 of the Securities Note the applicable Class B3 Notes Monthly Amortisaion
Amount and he Class C Notes Monthly Amoriation Amount, respectively, in accordance
vit applicable Priority of Payments.

484. Programme Accelerated Amortistion Period!

Th Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period means the period which will start on he
Payment Date (inclusive) following the date on which an Accelerated Amortistion Event
Vsccurs and end on he carter o:

(a) the Payment Date on which all Notes are redccmed in fall or

(0) the Fund Liquidation Date.

During the Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period, all Class A Notes, Class B Notes
“nd Class C Notes of al Note Sercs shall be subject to mandatory amortistion in an amount
equal o th applicable Class A Notes Monthly Amortistion Amount the applicable Class
Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount ad the applicable Class Notes Monthly Amortisation
Amount.

In any case, during the Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period () no payment on the
Class B Notes of any Noto Series shall bo made for o long as the Class A Notes of all Note
¡Series have not been redoemed in ful and () no payment on the Class C Notes of any Note
Series shall o made for so long as the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes of all Nte Series
ave mot been redeemd in fl.

(Ones the Principal Amount Outstanding of al Class A Notes and sll Class A Notes Monthly
Interest Amownt of al Note Series have been read in ul!

(a) — the Class B Notes Monthly Interest Amount shall be paid to the extent of the
Available Disribuion Amount on cach Payment Date in accordance wi the
applicable Priority of Payments; and



(b) the Class B Notes ol any Note Serios shall h redcemed on a pari passu basis and pro
ata to Ae then Principal Amount Outstanding of such Class E Notes imespective of
tbcir respective Issue Dates and Note Series.

Funhermore, once the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Clas A Notes, all Clas A Notes
Monthly Interest Amount of all Note Seres and the Principal Amount Outstanding of all
Class B Notes and all Class B3 Notes Monthly Interest Amount of all Note Series have been
paid fall:

(a) — the Class C Notes Monthly Interest Amount shall be repaid Lo the extent of the
Available Disribuion Amount on cach Payment Date in accordance wi the
applicable Priority of Payments; and

(b) the Class C Notes of any Note Series shall be redcemed on a pari passu and pro rata
to the then Principal Amount Outstanding of such Class C Notes imespective of thir
respective Issue Dates and Note Serios

485.. Optional Early Redemption

Tas exercise of an optional redemption by the Seller in accordance with provisions in sub-
sections Note Series 20:33 Call Date(s) and Note Seres 20xx-3y Clean-Up Call Date below
hal! constitute an Optional Early Redemption Event fcach an Optional Early Redermy
Event)

Note Series 20%%-33 Call Date(s)

1£ one or several Note Series 20%x-yy Call Dates) ¡vare specified in the relevant Issung.

cal
Date (as respectively specified in the relevant Isuing Document) n relation to a Note Serios,
li Management Company (acting in th name of the Fund) will deliver o the Seller a weien
úotificaion in relation to the optional cary redemption af such Note Series

Document, a east nicty (90) calendar days prior to any scheduled Note Series 2011;

IE the Seller does not give any writen instruction to the Management Company thiny (30)
calendar days after recciving from the Management Company a writen notification the
Management Company shall reierate such written notification no later than sixty (60)
calendar days prior to any scheduled Note Series 20xx-3y Call Date.

1 the Seller has electo to have an cary redemption of such Note Seics and gives its vit
insruction to he Management Company within at least thity (30) calendar days before any
applicable Note Series 20xx-3y Call Date (cach, a Seller's Optional Early Rede
Written Instruction), subject to the fulilmen of 1he Note Series 205x-3y Call Date
Conditions, the Fund shall redeem the corresponding Note Series (including, for the
avoidance of doubt, all Class A Notes andlor Class B Notes and lor Class C Notes of such

Noke Series which remain outstanding at such dat) in an amount equal to the aplicable Note
Series 20xx-yy Call Amount on any of such applicable Note Series 20xx-yy Call Dat.

o


For hee purposes Note Series 20xx-yy Call Amount means, on a Payment Date and with
respecto any Note Series20xx-yy, an amount equal o the positive diíference between:

(a) the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note Series 20xx-yy on such Payment
Dates

(6) — the Note Series 20xxyy Available Amoriation Amount wi respect lo such
Payment Date subject ts a Payment Dat for he Noe Series)

In addition, ot less than fifcen (15) calendar days prior to the applicable Note Series 20x1-
yy Cal Date, he Management Company shall:

(a) provided atte Nokes ofhe Notes Serie o be redeemed ae listed in AJA, publish
a relevant notice (hecho relevamie) with lhe CNMV and a notice on lis website
(www imtiulizacion.com) and in the ALAF Daily Bulletin;

(b) — provided hat the Notes of the Notes Series to be redeemed are not listed, publish
notice om its website (wrww.imtitulizacion com)

wwhercby the holders oh Notes of a Noto Series which is subject 1o a Note Seres 201x-py

Call Date shall be informed on th intended exercise of the optional redemption uf any Note

Series by te Fund subject to he fulfilment of the Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date Conditions

In addition, provided that the above market is subs

tod or replaced in the future or th rules
applicable to he communication of the intended exercise of the optional redemption of any
Noe Series by the Fund vary during thc life of hc Fund, ho Management Company shall
comply with any such requirements so as to ensure hat the relevant holders of the Notes of a
Noe Series which is subject to a Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date are duly informed of the
intended exercis of such optional redempion.

“Any such notice shall lso be refered to in the Investor Report which shall be published on
Ale website of the Management Company before the applicable Note Series 20xx-yy Call
Date.

Funhicrmore, the Management Company shall immediately notify the relevant Hodging.
Counterpaics of the same and of the applicable Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date.

For the avoidance of doubt, if the Seller has not cleted to exercise lts option on any
scheduled Note Series 201x-yy Call Date, the Seller shall remain entiled to exercise such
option on any next following Not Series 20xx-yy Call Dates (if and s respectively st out in
Ae spplicable Isuing Document).

Tas exerciso of tn optional sedemption of any Note Series by the Fund, represented by the
Management Company, shall only take place during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortistion Period ft following conditions are met (the Note Series 2Uxx-yy
Call Date Conditions)

o.


0)

0)

(o

tb Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is not in debit on the Calcultion Date
preceding the Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date after he application of the Interes
Priority of Payments;

tb prior Sellers Optional Early Redemption Wren Instruction has bcen given by
the Seller to the Management Company within at least thinty (30) calendar days.
Before any applicable Note Series 20<x-yy Call Dat indicating:

6) lisimtetion to exercise ts option; and.

(io the mean by which such redempúion has to be instrumented (according to the
various options described in point (c) below and

the Fund is abl o pay the relevant carlyredemption amounts (as well as any amount
ranking prior tereto or pri passuthcrewlh) by means of

6) during the Programme Revolving Period, th issuance of a new Note Series
o be subscribed for by any Class A Notes Subscribers and any Class B Notes
Subscribers and any Class C Notes Subscribers provided that such new Notes
Series are mot terminsted in accordance with section 442.1 of aho
Registration Document andlor

(Gi) during the Programme Revolving Period hc drawidown of the Seller Interest
Credit Facility a least on the corresponding Setlemen Date; andíor

(ii) during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortiation
Peri, he exercise by th Seller of ls option to repurchase certain Purchased!
Reccivables as so ut with section 3.3.1.12 of the Additional Building Block.

Subject to the suistaction of the Note Series 20xx:yy Call Date Conditions, on the
Settlement Date prior to the Payment Dat, he Management Company shall confirm
he proposed carly optional redemption to the Notcholders in respect of the Notes to
e redeemed puesto the relevant Priority of Payments

ote Series 2033:5y Clean-U Call Date

ñ

0)

0)

mo Note Series 20:x-yy Call Date is specificd in the aplicable Issuing Document in
relationto given Note Series: or

a Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date is specific in the applicable Isuing Document in
relation o a given Note Series but such option has not been cxcrcisd by he Seller án
“ccordance with th provisins above,

te Management Company (acting in the name of the Fund) shall (iso directed by the
Seller), om any Note Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Date on which he Notes Series 20xx-py

os


Clcan-Up Call Condition is satisfied, redecm such Note Series in an amount cqual to the
“applicable Note Series 20xx-yy Clcan:Up Call Amos

For hese purposes, Note Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Amount means, on x Payment Date
and in respect of the Note Series 20xx-3y, an amount cqual to the positive difrence
between

(a) the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note Serios 20xx-yy on Ihe immediately
preceding Payment Date; and

(6) — the Note Series 20xx-yy Available Amoriation Amount with respect lo such
Payment Date.

1 the Seller has clected to have an caly redemption of such Note Series and gives the
relevant Sellers Optional Early Redempúion Writen Instruction to the Management Company
vin a leas hirty (30) calendar days before the aplicable Note Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up
Cual Date, subject o th fulilment of the Note Series 20:x-yy Clcan-Up Call Condition, he
Fund shall redeem the corresponding Note Series (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all
Class A Notes andor Class B3 Notes and/or Class C Notes af such Noto Series which remain
outstanding at such date) on any of such applicable Note Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Date

In addition, not less than fifcen (15) calendar days prior to the applicable Note Series 20%
yy Clean-Up Call Date, tho Management Company shall

(a) provided att Nokes ofhe Notes Serie o be redecmed ae listed in AJAE, publish
a relevant notice (hecho relevanie) with lhe CNMV and a notice on lis website
(www imtiulizacion.com) and in the ALAF Daily Bulletin;

(6) provided hat the Notes of the Notes Series to be redeemed are not lite, publish
notice om lts website (wrww.imtitulizacion com)

wwhercby the holders of the Notes of a Noto Series which is subject to a Note Series 20xx-py
Clcan-Up Call Date shall be informed an the intended exercise of the optional redemption
any Note Seres by the Fund subject to th fulfilmont of the Note Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up
Cal Condiio.

In addition, provided that the above market is substisuted or replaced in futuro or he sales
“applicable to he communication of the intended exercise of the optional redemption of any
Noe Seris by the Fund vary during the life of the Fund, the Management Company shall
comply with any such requirements so as to ensure hat the relevant holders of the Notes of a
Noue Series which is subjee to a Note Seris 20xx-yy Clcan-Up Call Date ar duly informed
fte intended cxerciso of such optional redemption.

“Any such notice shall also be refered to in the Investor Report which shall be published on
hc websie of the Management Company before the applicable Note Seres 20xx-y Clean
Up Call Dat.

0%


Funhicrmore, the Management Company shall immediately notify the relevant Hedging.
Counterpaics of the same and of the applicable Note Series 20xx-py Clean-Up Call Dat,

For he avoidance of doubt, if the Seller has not elected to exercise its option on any Note
Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Date, tt Sellr shall remain entied o exercise such option on
any next following Payment Date.

For hs purposes, Note Series 20x3-3Y CleanUp Call Condition means, on any Payment
Date during the Programme Revolving Period and Programme Amortsation Period and in
espect of any Note Series 20xx-y he condition that is saifid if

(a) — the Seller has notified (cach, a Sellers Optional Early Redemption Written
Instruction) hc Management Company at last thiry (30) calendar days before such
Payment Date of

6) lisimtetion to exercise ts option; and.

(io tte mean by which such redempúion has to be instrumented (according to the
various options described in pont (b) below and.

(b) the Fundis able pay the relevant carly redemption amounts (as well as any amount
ranking price tereto or pará passuthcrewlh) by means of

6) during the Programme Revolving Period, th issuance of a new Note Series
o be subscribed for by any Class A Notes Subscribers, ny Class B Notes
¡Subscribers and any Class C Notes Subscribers provided that such now Notes
Series are mot terminsted in accordance with section 447.1 of the
Registration Document andlor

(Gi) during the Programme Revolving Period, hc drauidown of the Seller Interest
Credit Facility at last on the Seulement Date preceding such Payment Date;
andlor

(ii) during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortiation

Peri, he exercise by th Selle fs option to repurchase certain Purchased!
Reccivables as so ut with section 331.12 of the Additional Building Block.

(<) — omthe immediately preceding Payment Date the Principal Amount Outstanding of the
Note Series 20xx-yy was les han:

(6) 10 percent ofhe Note Series 200x-3y Initial Principal Amount; or
(Gi) the Initial Principal Amount of the Class C20xx-3y Notes; and
(d) — the Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is not in debit on the Calculaion Date

preceding the Note Series 20xx-3
Interest Priority of Payments.

Clean Up Call Date afcethe application of the

"


48.6. Calculation of Class A Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount, Class 18 Notes
Monthly Amortisation Amount, Class C Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount
“and Principal Amount Outstanding

On any Payment Date, the Principal Amount Outstanding of any Notes of any Noe Series
shall be equal to th Initial Principal Amount of such Notes less the aggregate of all amount
edoemed or reduced in respect of cach Notes prior to such date and on such Payment Dat,

"he Class A Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount, the Class B Notes Monthly Amortisaion
Amount and the Class C Notes Monhly Amoriation Amount shall be calculated by the
Management Company.

Note Series Amortsation Period.

As from the occurence of the Amortisaion Starting Date with respect to any given Note
Series and during the Not Series Amortisation Period of such Note Seres and prior to cach
Payment Date, he Management Company shal determine:

(a) the Available Amonisation Amount with respecto such Payment Date;

(0) the Class A2Oxxyy Notes Monthly Amortsation Amount with respect to the Clase
2013 Notes of such Note Series on such Payment Date

(6) the Class B20xx-yy Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount with respect to the Class
B20xx-3y Notes of such Note Seres on such Payment Date:

(4) — the C20xx-3y Notes Monthly Amoriation Amount with respect to the Class C20xx>
yy Notes of such Note Series on such Payment Date:

(6) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A20xx-yy Notes of such Note Series
on such Payment Date;

(0 the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B20xx-yy Notes of such Note Series

on such Payment Date; and.

(8) — the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class C20xx-yy Notes of such Note Series
on such Payment Dato.

For ose purposes

Amortisation St

18 Date or Note Series 20xx-yy Amortisation Sta
vih respeet to any oststanding Note Seres, he caricr of he following dates:

(a) the applicable Scheduled Amonisation Starting Date and

(b) the Payment Date immediately following the occurrence of a Revolving Termination
Esent oran Aceclerated Amortisation Even

os


Scheduled Amortiation Starting Date or Note Series 20xx-yy Scheduled Amortisation
¡Starting Date means, with respect to any Note Seris, the Payment Date on which the Notes
f such Note Seris shall star amortising on cach applicable Payment Date, The Scheduled
Amorisaion Starting Date shall be specific in the applicable Isuing Document for the Clase
“A Notes, the Class E Nos and th Class C Notes

Programme Revolving Period and Programme Amorisarion Period

During the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period and prior
o cach Payment Date, the Management Company shal determine:

(2) tte Available Amorsation Amount with respecto such Payment Dates
(0) tte Class A Notes Monthly Amortsation Amon on such Payment Date
(e) the Class B Notes Monthly Amoríation Amount on such Payment Date:
(d) the Class C Notes Monthly Amoníation Amount on such Payment Date;

(6) — the Principal Amount Outstanding of cach Class A20xx-yy Notes on such Payment

Date;

(0) the Principal Amount Outstanding of cach Class B20xx-yy Notes on such Payment
Dates ad

(8) — the Principal Amount Outstanding of cach Class C20xx-yy Notes on such Payment
Date

Programme Accelerated Amortsaron Period.

Dating the Programme Accelerated Amoriation Period and prior to cach Payment Date, the
Management Company shal determine:

(2) tte Available Amorsation Amount with respecto such Payment Dates
(0) esch Class A20xx-yy Notes Monty Amoration Amount on such Payment Date
(e) esch Class B20%x-3y Notes Mombhly Amorisation Amount on such Payment Date
(ad) each Class C20xx-3y Notes Mombhly Amorsation Amount on such Payment Date

(6) — the Principal Amount Outstanding of cach Class A20xx-yy Notes on such Payment
Date;

(0) the Principal Amount Outstanding of cach Class B20xx-yy Notes on such Payment
Dates and

»


(8) — the Principal Amount Outstanding of cach Class C20xx-yy Notes on such Payment
Date

The Management Company will cause cuch determination of the Class AZOxx3y Notes
Monthly Amonisation Amount, the Class B20xx-yy Notes Monthly Amortsation Amount,
the Class C20xx-yy Notes Monthly Amoriation Amount and Principal Amount Outstanding
af the Class A Notes, the Class Bl Notes or the Class C Notes to be notilicd in writing
fortwo the Paying Agent and, for o long as any Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class
(O Notes of any Note Series are admite to trading, to AJA and will cause notice of cach
determination of the Class A20xx-yy Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount, hc Class B20xx-
yy Notes Monthly Amonistion Amount and the Class Cl0sxyy Notes: Monthly
Amorisation Amount and Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes, Class B Notes
or Class C Notes to be given to the relevant Note Serios Noteholders in accordance with
section 4.1.3. of the Additional Building Block as soon as reasonably practicable,

For ose purposes

Available Amortisaion Amount means, on cach Payment Date doring the Programme
Revolving Period and th Programme Amortisation Peri, an amount cqual to the aggregate
o

(a) — the Available Principal Collections with respecto the Collection Period immediately
preceding such Payment Date;

(b) the Seller Diluios (any) paid on or prior to the Calculation Date by the Sellr to
tb Fund in accordance with section 33.110 of the Additional Building Block:

(6) the portion of the Ageregate Repurchase Price which corresponds o the Outstanding
Principal Balances af the Repurchascd Reccivables with respect to Credit Card
Agreements other than Defaulted Credit Cards in respect of a Repurchase Date
immediately preceding such Payment Date;

(4) — the PDL Cure Amount retained on such Payment Date in the Treasury Account in
ccordance with th Interes Priority of Payments

(<) — the Unapplicd Revolving Amount on the preceding Payment Date; and!

(0) minus as the case may be, the amount etaind in the Treasury Account puesuant to
item (1) of the Principal Priority of Payments on such Payment Date

“Unapplicd Revolving Amount" means, on any Calculation Date:
(a) duringrhe Programme Revolving Period:

6) i£ the Minimum Portfolio Amount Condition s satisficd, an amount equal to
eso (0);


6) others, am amount equal to he múnimmm betveen:
(A) tte positive difference between:
(0 tte Minimum Portfolio Amount; and
0) tte aggregat of:

. the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchased
Reccivables — (excloding — any Nom-Compliant
Reccivables) under the Performing Credit Cards as of
tb immediately prior Cu-04f Date to such Calculsion
Dat; pls

tc Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purehased!
Reccivables transfemd in the context af Initial
Transfers on the Purchase Date prior to the Calculstion
Date (included); minus

si the Outstanding Principal Balances of amy
outstanding Purchased Reccivables (other than Non-
Compliant and Defaulted Credit Cards) repuchased by
tb Seller on such Calculation Dat:

(8) the positive difference betncen:

(0 he aggregato of the Note Series 205x-yy Available Purchase
Amounts: and

(UD th maximum between () the Esfectivo Purchase Price of the
Reccivables sold by the Seller on the Purchase Period
preceding such Payment Date and (5) the Purchase Price of
all Reccivables (in the context of Initial Transfers andlor
Additional Transfers, as applicable) sold and transerred by
the Seller on th Purchase Period proceding such Payment
Date

during the Programme Amoniation Period and the Programme Accelerated
Amorisation Period, an amount equal to zero (0)

Note Series 20xx-yy Available Amortisation Amount means, during the Programme
Revolving Period nd the Programme Amortisaion Period:

(a) with respecto any Calculation Date falling before the Calculaion Date immediately
preceding is Amortisaton Starting Date: zero (0) and

Mm


(b) — with respect to any Calculaion Date falling on or aer the Calculation Date
immediately preceding its Amortisation String Date, he product between:

6) the Note Series 20%x-yy Principal Ratio on such Calculation Date; and!
Gi) the Available Amontisation Amount on such Calculaion Date

Note Series 20xx-3y Total Available Amortisation Amount means, on any Calculation
Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period and in
espect of Note Seres 205x-3y, the sum of

(a) the Note Series 20:x-3y Available Amortisation Amount of such Note Series 20xx-
yuan

(6) following the occurtence afan Optional Early Redempúion Event
6) the Note Series 20%x-yy Call Amount of such Note Series 201-335 or
(io the Note Series 20xx-yy Clear-Up Call Amount of such Note Series 20xx-yy.

Note Series 20x1-yy Principal Ratio” means, on cach Calculation Date, with espect to any
outstanding Note Seris, the percentage cqual to (which percentage shall never exceed 100
percent.

(a) duringrhe Programme Revolving Period:
6) the Note Series 20%: Initial Principal Amount; divided by

(Gi) the aggregate ofthe Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounts of all the
ie outstanding Note Series multiplicd by tho sum of () 1 and (3) the
Required Seller Share as described in section 33.15 of the Additional
Building Block and

(6) duringhe Programme Amortisation Period:
6) the Note Series 20%: Initial Principal Amount; divided by
(Gi) the aggregate ofthe Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounts of al the

hi outstanding Noe Series.
"hc sum of al Note Serios 20xx-yy Principal Ratios shall never be greater than 100 pe cet

Class A20x:-yy Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount means with respect to the Class
AOxxyy Notes of any Not Serios

(a) wit respect to any Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortisation Period:

102


(6) with respect to any Payment Date faling before lis Note Series 20xx-yy
Amorisation String Date (excluded), zero (0)

(io with respect to any Payment Date falling on or after lis Note Series 20xx-yy
Amorisaion Starting Dato, he lessr betwcen:

(A) the Class A20xx-yy Notes Principal Amount Outstanding as of the
close of the immediately preceding Payment Date; and

(8) the Note Series 20xx-yy Total Available Amortisation Amount to
bs paid by the Fund on such Payment Date;

(b) wit respect 10 any Payment Date during th Programme Accelerated Amortisaion
Period, the Class AZ0rx-yy Notes Principal Amount Outstanding as o the close of
the immediately preceding Payment Date

Class B20xx-yy Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount means with respect to the Class
B20xx-3y Notes of any Note Seres

(a) wit respect to any Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortisaion Period:

6) wit respect to any Payment Date faling before ls Note Seres 20xx-yy
Amorisation String Date (excluded), zero (0)

(io with respect to any Payment Date falling on or after lts Note Series 201x-yy
Amorisaion Starting Dato, he lessr betwcen:

(A) the Class B20xx-yy Notes Principal Amount Ouistanding as of the
close of the immediately preceding Payment Date; and

(8) the positive difference between (x) the Note Series 20xx-yy Total
Available Amorisution Amount to be paid by the Fund on such
Payment Date and (y) the Class A20xcyy Notes: Monthly
Amonisation Amount on such Payment Dat:

(b) wit respect 10 any Payment Date during th Programme Accelerated Amortisaion
Period:
6) oncecall Class A Notes have been fully redcemed, he Class B20xx-yy Notes

Principal Amount Outstanding as of the close of the immedia
Payment Date;

iy preceding

(io inany otbrcase, zero (0).

Class C20x:-yy Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount means with respect to the Class
(C20xx-yy Notes fa Note Series

103


49.

(a) with respect to any Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and
the Programme Amortisaio:

(Gi) with respect to any Payment Date faling before lis Note Series 20xx-yy
Amorisaion String Date (excluded), zero (0)

(Y) with respect to any Payment Date falling om or after its Note Series 20xx-yy
Amorisaion Starting Dato, the positive difference between (x) the Note
Series 208x-yy Total Available Amortistion Amount to ho paid by the Fund
on such Payment Date and (y) the aggregate ol the Class A2Oxx-3y Notes
Monthly Armortsation Amounts and the Class B20sx3y Notes Monthly
Amorisaion Amount on such Payment Date;

(0) with respect to any Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Peiod:

(0) once all Class A Notes and Class B Notes of all Note Serios have been fully
redecmed, the Class C2Oxx-yy Notes Principal Amount Outstanding as of the
lose of the immediately preccding Payment Date;

(0) inany onbercase, zero 0).
487. No Other Redemption

The Fund sal nor e end to redecmthe Notes therwis than s provided is sion
485.  Parehase by the Fund

The Fund shall not, a anytime, purchase or otherwise acquie any Notes

489. Cancellation

Al Notes which are redcemed by th Fund puesuant to this section 4: will bo canclled by
lie Paying Agent and accordingly will mot be reissued or resold and the obligaions of the
Fund in espect of any such Notes shall e discharged,

Indication of the yield

No assurance can e made of he amount of payments hat will be made on the Notes an each
Payment Date because that amount vil depend on th amount of payments reccived on th
Reccivables during the preceding Collection Period.

"hc average life, duration, yield to matury, term, estimated maturiy date, and any other
metic of the Notes in general cannot be predicted with any ceraity, as a number ol other
factors on which hey rely are unknown. The most significant unknown actors upon which
payment of the Notes depend are (1) collections under the Reccivables and changes in the
receivabls payment terms, () change of Notes Seris Interest Rate (f loating Interest Rate

10.


Noe Series, (ii) capacity o he Borrowers to prepay, in full o in par, he Reccivables, (1)
payment ate of the Reccivables,(v) availability of Reccivables ligible for purchase, (vi the
default rates of the Borrowers (vi) the exercise by the Seller f any crtyredemption option,
“and (vi) the occurrece of an Farly Liquidation Event, a Revolving Termination Event or an
Acceleated Amoniation Event

Nowwithstanding the above, stimations of Abe actual interest and principal payable to a
subscribe who acquirs the Notes of a Notes Seris, will be indicated by way of example in
the corresponding Issuing Document, along with estimations of he average life, yield to
maturit, duration, and estimated maturity date f such Notes which wil o calculated using.
ecrtain information, hypolhcss and assumptins, amongst others

(a) the Disbursement Dat of the Note Series 2010935
(6) — the Scheduled Amorisation String Date;

(6) forthe purposes of this section the curo! date will be specified, as the Fund relevant
Cut:OHf Date prior to the issuance of such Notes (with explicit indication o such
date), except for the Notes issued on the Fund Incorporation Date which will be the
16 of June 2017 corresponding to the reference date ofthe Audited Portfolio;

(d) that on th Disburscment Date af the Note Series 20xx-y3, the Outstanding Principal
Balances of he Purchascd Reccivables is equal to the Minimum Ponfolio Amownt as
o such date, New Reccivables are purchased (f required) in order to muintain such
Minimum Ponfolio Amount until the Schedaled Amonisation Starting Date of the
Note Series 20xx3y:

(6) that the composition and the amortisation profile of the portolio of the Purchased
Reccivables (and the ncw Reccivables purchased during the Note Series Non-
Amoriation Period of the outstanding Note Series) is similar to the composition and!
amomisation profile of the performing pontolio as at the cucoff dae prior to the
issuance of such Notes

(0) 0 new issuance of funer Note Series oceurs (however for calculaion purposes,
previously issued and outstanding Notes Series are considered);

(8) the Seller docs not repurchuase any Reccivables purchased by the Fund:

(0) the ate of defaults on the Reccivables will be specified in the corresponding Issuing
Document

(0 interest payments on the Receivables will be received, ¡Fany a hc applicable interest

rato offered by WIZINK as the cucof dato. No adjustment of th applicable interes
rato underthe Revolving Credit Agreement s offered by WIZINK;

U) the Fundexcess margin remains sufficiet Lo cover ll defaued amownts;


4.0.

(k) — principal payments and prepayments on the Reccivablos will be received, if any, at
tb relevant constant monthly principal payment ate specificd in the corresponding.
ISsuing Document:

() the calculaion of the wcighted average life (in years) is calculated om
an ActualActual basis

(m) the Note Series 20xx-yy Clear-Up Call Conditions will nt be considered applicable;

(0) — none of Fund Liquidation Events are considered applicable;

(0) — payment of principal and interest due and ayable under the Notes vil be received on
the 26 day of cach relevant Note Serios Payment Dat:

(9) zero percent investment return ¡scared on the Issucr Accounts:
(4) — no Revolving Terminaion Event has occurred:

(0 no Acceleated Amorísation Event has occured;

(6) itis not necessary to use the Commingling Reserve orthe General Reserve

These estimates will have certain inberentlimitsions. No representations vil e made that
such estimutes are accurate, hat all assumptions relating to such estimates have been
considered or stated or that such estimate will e relied.

Representation of the Noteholders.

"ae Management Company, in accordance with the provisions of article 26 of Law $/2015,
shall act with utmost diligence and transparency in defence of the best interests of the
Notcholders and the funders of the Fund. Consequenly, the Management Company must
subordinate lts action to safeguarding the interest of the holders of he Notes issued by the
Fund and the funders of the Fund.

No meeting of Noteholders and funders of the Fund shall be established án the Decd of
Incorporation of the Fund.

Resolutions, auhorizations and approvals for the Notes Series
4.114. Corporate resolutions

ALLE Resolatiomto ell the Reccivables
Ata meeting held on 24 of May 2017, the Bow ol Directors of th Seller approved the entry

ino of the Programme and ihe relevant Programme Documents and the sale of the
Reccivables o the Fund, which was also approved by the sharcholders mecting of hc Seller

106


at a mecting held on 20% of June 2017 for the purposes of article 16(XO) of the Capital
Companies Law.

4112 Resolution to incorporate the Fund, sequire the Reccivables and!
issue ol successve Notes Series

Tas resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Management Company on 19 of
May 2017 approved to () incorporate the Fund, () acquir the Reccivables to be pooled in
le Fund, (ii) issue of successive Notes Series and (iv) appoint KPMG as the Auditor of the
Fund.

4.112. Registration by the CNMV

Tas incomporaion of the Fund and the establishment of the Programme are subject o the
prerequiste of his Base Prospectus being registered at the Official Register of the CNMV,
pursuant to the provisions of nice 22.1 d) of Law 5/2015.

This Base Prospectas has been registered by the CNMV in its Official Registr on 18h July
2017.

4.113. Granting of the Deed of Incorporation of the Fund!

(Once the CNMV has registered this Base Prospecta, (1 the Management Company and the
Seller will exccute the Deed of Incorporatin of hc Fund (deafted in Spanish language) and
(ús) he Management Company and ho Seller will execue the Master Reccivables Sale and
Purchase Agreement by vie of which the Seller will assign he Reccivables to the Fund,

The Management Company declaes tt the contents of the Deed of Incorporaion will be
fally consisten th provision of the draft Deed of Incorporation filed with he CNMV. Under
o circumstances will the terms of the Deed of Incorporation contradit, modify, alter or
render mul and void the contents of this Base Prospecto. The Decd of Incorporation will be
exccuted om the Fund Incorporation Date.

Iris expected tha the execution of he Decd of Incorporation, and thus the Fund Incorporation
Date, vil be 19* July 2017.

A copy of the Deed of Incorporation vil be sent to the CNMV for ts registration in the
Official Register

4.114. ssuing Document

Tas incorporation af the Notes of the successivo Notes Series will bo instrumented throsgh
the relevantIsuing Document according to the pragraphs below, depending on whether the
Notes will be listed or unlistd and the form of he is (bookc-entry or physical ile)

(a) provided that he Notes of 1he Notes Series are intended for lising in AJAF, an
original of cach Final Terms will be sent to the CNMV and u copy of cach Final

107


Termas to AJAF for its admission to lising on or aer the lsue Date of the
corresponding Notes Serios and to IBERCLEAR for the purposes of registration as
book-entics

(0) — provided hat the Notes of the Notes Series ae nor intended fr listing 1 represented
in bookc<ntrics, an original of he relevant Deed of Isue (escriura de emisión) and
solely for hc purposes of registration as book-<ntrcs o Ihe CNMV and the relevant
Financial insituion appointed by the Management Company to car out he relevant
boolkenty registry om or alter the Issue Date of the coresponding Notes Seics; and

(6) provided that the Notes of the Notes Series are not intended for listing á represented
in physical ts, the relevant Deed of Issue exccuted by the management Company.
for and on behalf ofthe Pund, will not require of any communication 0 he CNMV or
any Uhird parti.

For ose purposes

Issuing Document means cach document exccuted by the Management Company, for and on
behalf of he Fund, whereby the issuance of Notes of the succesive Notes Series will be
insrumented, including, cach Final Terms and cach Decd o Issue.

Final Terms means the final termas which will be prepared by the Management Company in
relation to the ise of any Class A Notes any Class B Notes and any Class (Notes to be
listed in ALA, substanialy in the form set out in Schedule 2 "Form of Final Tem".

Deed of Issue means the relevant deed of issue (escritura de emisión) in relation to the issue
of any unlistd Class A Notes, any Class B Notes and any Class C Notes. Each Deed of Issue
shall include, muatis matandí, th information included in Schedule 2 “Form of Final
Tem.

4.115. Registration of prospectus renewals. Supplements to the Base Prospectus

This Base Prospecta will be in force for an initial period of twelve (12) montbs from the date
of registration of he Base Prospectus (subjec to the publication of the relevant Prospectus
Supplements to his Base Prospectus) and will he renewed each year during the lie of the
Fund,

In accordance wih atile 22 of Royal Decree 1310/2005, the Fund shall also publish
Prospectus Supplements in relation to any information wbich is capable of affecing the
“assessment of he Notes of the relevant Note Seres issued by the Fund and which ds ot
known as of the date of the Base Prospectus or any of is renewals (without limitaion,
information on any new risk actor, the determination of the required levels for cerain
variables (as st out in the following paragraph), andor updated information on the portfolio
f Receivables)n particular, changes to the following variables or magnitudes will require
the publication of Supplement to the Base Prospectus unless they ae modifi in a rencwal
fte Base Prospectas:

108


412

»

s

»

»

ile Account Bank Required Ratings (as described in section 34.10 of the
Additional Building Block.

he Class A General Reserve Minimum Amount (as described in section 34.37
af the Adáiional Building Block).

he Class A General Reserve Required Amount (as described in section 343.704
hc Additional Building Block).

he Class B General Reserve Minimum Amount (as described in section 34.37
df the Adáiional Building Block).

the Class E General Reserve Required Amount: (as described in section 34437
af the Adáiional Building Block).

he Collections Accounts Bank Required Ratings (as described in section 3.28
af the Adáiional Building Block).

he Commingling Reservo Required Amount (as described in section 34:38 of
the Additional Building Block)

e Maximum Addition Amount (as described in section 3.3.1.2 of the Adítional
Building Blocks

he Required Seller Share (as described in scction 33.1.5 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

Ale Seller Share Interest Rate (as described in section 34.44 of the Aduitional
Eilding Block).

The Management Company declares that the changes to any of the variables or magnitudes
efered to above shall not require the amendment to the Decd of Incorporation of he Fund in
li tems st ut in article 24 of Law 5/2015. In any case, any such changes shall not rsult in
he downgrade of any oustanding Notes by the Relevant Rating Agencis

Any Prospectas Supplement shall be approved in the same way as the Base Prospectus and
Published a lcatthrowgh th samo means uscd or the publication of the Base Prospectas.

Issue of Notes Series

Tac Fund shall be cntiled to issue Note Series on the Fund Incorporation Date and until the
end of the Programme Revolving Period. Consequenly, provided that no Revolving
Termination Event and no Accelerated Amortsation Event occuts, the Fund may issue Note
Series on the Fund Incorporation Date and hrcafir on cach Issue Date until, at the latest, sx
(6) months prior to the Fund Legal Maturiy Date

109


4.122. Initial Note Series Issuance Conditions Precedent

The issuance of any Note Series on the Fund Incorporation Date shall be subject to the
sutisfacion of the following conditions precedent (the Initial Note Series Issuance
Conditions Precedent):

(a) the Class A Notes of the Note Seris to be issued are assigned a peliminary rating of
“AA (5) and "AA+ sf” respectively by DBRS and Pieh;

(b) the Class A Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or underwrite or purchase
the Class A Notes of such Note Seres mor prior he Esue Date; and

(6) the Class C Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or underwrite or purchase
the Class C Notes of such Note Seics on or prior the Issue Date

Non satisfaction of the Initial Note Series Issuance Conditions Preceden shall not constitute a
Fund Liquidation Exent nor imply the cxtinguishment of the Fund in any manner whatsocver.

4.123. Further Note Series Issuance Conditions Precedent

"he issuance ol any Note Series on any Isue Date shall be subject to 1h satisaction of the
following conditions preceden (he Further Note Serios Isuance Conditions Precedent)

(a) the issue of any Note Series shall not result in the Maximum Outstanding Balance of
tb Programme being excecded

(0) the Seheduled Amorisation Staing Date of any new Noto Series shall al aficr the
Schcduled Amonisation Starting Date of any previously issued Note Series sich.
remains oststanding on th Issue Date of such new Nate Series;

(<) — no Revolving Termination Event and no Accelerted Amortisation Event sha have
scared:

(4) omthe Calculaion Date corresponding to such Issue Date, the Management Company
has determined that the Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger and the Class E.
Principal Deficiency Ledger will not be in debit on the next Payment Date aer th
application of the Interest Priority of Payments:

(e) the Class A Notes of the new Note Seris to be isucd are assigned a preliminary
rating of “AA (sI) and “AAA sf” (or are preliminaily assigned the current rating of
the outstanding Class A Noles) respectively by DBRS and Fith and/or the equivalent
ratings from the other Relevant Rating Agencies provided (1) always that hc Class A.
Notes shall be rated at cast by two of the Relevant Rating Agencies and () the
issuance of th Class A Notes docs not result in the downgrade or withdrawal by th
Relevant Rating Agencies f the then current rating o outstanding Class A Notes:


(0 as applicable, () the Class B Notes of he new Noto Series to be issued as th case
may be) arc rated at leas by two of the Relevant Rating Agencies and () any Class
1 Notes are outstanding, (a) the Class B Notes of he new Note Series are assigned!
preliminarily st least the then current rating ol the outstanding Class B Notes by the
Relevant Rating Agencies and (b) the issuanos of the Class B Notes of the new Note
Series docs mot result in the downgrade or withdmawal by the Relevant Rating.
Agencies of hen current rating of th outstanding Class B Noxes;

(8) if Class C Notes oh new Note Seres are Rated Notes, the Class C Notes of the
mew Noto Seres o be issued (as the case muy be) ar rated at least by one of the
Relevant Rating Agencies;

(0) there have not been a filure by the Seller Interest Credit Paciliy Provider to make
available the Seller Interest Credit Faciliy for an amount equal to the SICF Drawing.
Amount on any Setlement Dat ace th Fund Incorporaion Date

0 the Class A Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or undervrie or purchase
the Class A Notes of such Note Series pursant to a Class A Notes Subscription
Agreement on or prior the Issue Date;

6) if any, the Class B Notes Subscribers have agrecd to subscribe for or underwite ar
purchase the Class 3 Notes (any) of such Note Series pursuan o a Class B Notes
Subscription Agreement on or prior the Issue Date; and

() the Class C Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or underwrite or purchase
the Class C Notes of such Note Series pursuant to a Class C Notes Subscription

Agreement on or prior the Issue Date

Non satisfaction of the Funbher Note Seris Isuance Conditions Precedent sh

a Fund Liquidation Event nor imply the cxinguistment of the Fund in any manner
vwbatsocver and shall ot affect nor cause the termination of any of the Note Seres previously
issued by th Pund.

4.124. Procedure for the issue of further Note Series
In order to sue further Note Series the following steps shall be full:

(a) ii proccods of he issue of a new Note Series is intended to fund the purchase price
of all or part of Eligble Reccivables (in the context of Initial Teansters and/or
Additional Transters) purchased during the preceding Purchase Period, the Seller has.
otilied the Management Company at leas hity (30) calendar days before any Issue
Date of tha purpose: and/or

(b) if proceeds ofhe issue of new Note Seris re intended to be used to redee an
owtstanding Note Series on the corresponding Note Series 205x-3y Call Date (á£
specified in the applicable Issuing Document) and/or redeemn part of outstanding.



Seller Interest Credit Facility and/or pay part of the Deferred Purchase Pric, the
Seller has notfie the Management Company at Icastthiry (30) calendar days before
any Issue Date of that purpose;

(6) the Seller has notified the Management Company at leas thiny (30) calendar days
Before any Issue Date the names of any entiics participating as global cordinator,
lead managers, bookrunners or underwries in relation Lo the proposed issue of the
Class A Notes and/or the Class B Notes andfor the Class C Notes of th new Note
Series; and

(4) — on the Calculation Date corresponding to the relevant Isue Date, the Management
Company will notify to th Seller () the General Reserve Increase Amount.) the
Commingling Reserve Increase Amount and ik) the Note Series Issue Expenses in
connection vih such Note Seres, to be funded by the Seller on or prior the relevant
Issue Date, on Ihe basis of the financial characteristics for cach Class of Notes
communicated by the Seller or the global coordinator Lo the Management Company
as described in section 3.44. of th Additional Building Block.

4.125. Method ofissue and distribution
Tas isue of he Notes Seres il be carried out by vit of the relevant Isuing Document

Tas Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes of any Note Seres vil be issued
for disribution cither through syndicates represented by one or more lead managers,
ookrumners or underwrites or dircily by one lead manager, bookrumner or tunderwiter
acting aloe.

Seulement of 1he Notes of any Note Series muy be mudo through any of 1h following
cid (which shall e set ut in the coresponding Issuing Document:

(a) delivery against payment (ic. where the trnsfr of the Notes and the payment of the
subscription price occur simultancously) or

(6) — delivery free of payment (ie. where Ihe transfer of the Notes occurs without
simultancoss exchange of the subscription pri).

4.124. Issue and Offering of the Notes 0 any Note Series

"he Issuing Document, in relation to this Base Prospectus vil specify in relation to any Class
A Notes, Class 3 Notes and Class C Notes of any Note Series which are intended to be
offered to ánvetors th terms of hc oferng, including:

(a) — the name or names of any global coordinatrs, lead managers, bookrunners or
vunderwritrs in relation to the offering and subscription of he Class A. Note, the
Class B Notes and the Class C Noxes:


(0) — if applicable, the summary of any Hodging Agrcements (ic. Rating Events /
Termination Events), th names of the relevant Hodging Counterpatie, the Notional
Amount of the Hedging Agrecments and the Calculation Agent (as defined in the
relevant Hedging Agreement):

(6) the issue price of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and th Class C Notes (which
can be abovelequal/beow par

(d) the weighed average le of the Notes, internal rate of return and assumptions; and
(6) theupdate of levels o certain credit enhancements

Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes of any Note Series may be offered to
investors cihor ihrough syndicates represented by one or more global coondinators, lead
managers bookrumers or underwriters or dircly by one lead manager or one underwaiter
acting alone.

"hc global coordinators, cad managers, bookrunners or underwritrs fora particular offering
df Class A Notes, Class B Notes or Class C Nores of any Note Series will be named in the
Issuing Document relating to that offering, and, 1 syndicate is used, hc global coordinator,
lead manager or under will be se out on the corresponding Issuing Document. Unless
vherwise described in the corresponding Issuing Document, the obligation of any lead
managers, bookrunners or undervrtes to purchase or underwrite any Class A Notes, Class B.
Noues and Class C Notes of any Note Serics shall be subject to variows conditions precedent

The Seller may reserve the right to subscribe foral Class A Notes and all Class B Notes and
al Class C Notes of given Note Series. In such case the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes
“and the Class C Notes of such Note Serics shall not bo placed ah any investor

4.127. General Restrictions

Olor than he approval of this Base Prospectus by the CNMV, no action has been or will be
taken in any county or jursdiction by he Management Company that would, or is intended
to, permita public offering of the Class A Notes, Class B Notes and/or the Class C Notes of
any Note Seres, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any otr offering
material, in any country or jurisdition where action for that purpose is required. This Base.
Prospectus does not constitute an offer o soicitaion by anyone in any juisdiction in hit
such offer or soliitation is mot athorised or in wbich the person making such offer or
solicitaion is not qualiicd todo so a o anyone to whom tá unlawfal o make such offer ar
soliciaion.

4.123, Soling and Transfer Restritions
(On cach Issue Date, the Notes offered and sold by the Issuer may not be purchased by any

person excepa for persons that are not Risk Retention U.S. Persons. During the Distribution
Compliance Period, the Notes may not be tranícrred o any person except for persons tha are

”


ot Risk Retention U.S. Persons. Esch holder of a Note or a beni

interest hercin
“acquired on the Issue Dat or during the Distribution Compliance Period, by its acquisition of
a Note or a bencfiial interest in a Note, will be decmed to represent to the Fund, the
Management Company, the Seller, the Arrangers, the Director and lead managers (including
le Joint Lead Managers) that it (1) is nota Risk Retention U.S. Person, (2) is acquiing such
Noe or a beneficia itrestthrein for ts own account and not wit a view to distribute such
Note and (3) is not acquiing such Note or a beneicial interest Uhercn us part of scheme to
evade the requirements of the U.S. Risk Retenion Rules. See "Certain Regulatory and
Industry Disclosures — US. Risk Retention Requirements”. The Fund, he Management
Company, the Seller, hc Arrangers, the Director and lead managers including the Joint Lead
Managers) have agrecd that the determination of the proper characteiation of potential
invesorsfor such rstrition or for determining the availabilisy of the exemption provided for
in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is solly th responsibility o 1he Seller, and.
one of the Arrangers, the Director, global coordintor, lead manager (including the Joint
Lead Managers), bookrunser or underwritr, or any person who controls it or any director,
officer, employee, agent or Afiliate of the Arrangers or any global coordinator, lead manager
(ncluding th Joint Lead Managers) ookrunner or underwriter shall have any responsibility
for determining the proper characterisaion of potential investors for such estrition or for
determining th avalabilay of he cxemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk
Retemion Rules, and none of the Arrangers, the Director or any global coordinator, lead
managers (including th Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwte or any person who
controls tor any director, officer, employee, agent or Afíilte of the Arrangers, the Director
or any lead managers (including the Joint Lead Managers) accepis any labiliy or
responsibilaywbatsocver for any such determination.

Each global coordinator, lead manager (including dh Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or
vunderweter appointed in connection with a Notes issue sal underak hat vil ol,

rely or indirect, oler or sel any Notes or have in ts possession, distribute or pubis
any offering circula, prospectus, form of applicain, advertisement or other document or
information in respect of the Notes in any county or jurisdition except under cicumstances

bat will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and al offers and sales
of Notes by it will be made on hc same terms,

In addition, cach global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers).
bookrunner or underariter appointed in relation 1o a particular issue of Class A Notes, Class
B Notes and Class C Notes of any Note Seris will be required to represent and warrant to
omply wit the applicable selling and transfer restrictions.

Each Note purchaser shall agree that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission which
is required for the offer, purchase or sale by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in
force in any jursdition to which it is subject or in which it makes such offers, purehases or
“als ad il compl vih ll such laws and regulations.

In particular, tc following selling and transfer restricions shall apply in relation to th issue
df the Class A Notes, Clas B Notes and Class C Notes of any Note Series:


European Economic Area

In relation o cach Member State of he European Economic Arca which has implemented th
Prospectus Directivo (each, a Relevant Member State), cach global coordinaor, lead
manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwriter under the relevant
Notes Subscription Agreement shall represen and agros dt with fc from and including.
the date on which the Prospectus Direciv is implemented in that Relevant Member State
(e Relevant Implementation Date) they shall nor make an offer of Notes 0 the public in
lat Relevant Member State prior to the publication of a prospoctus in rlstin o the relevant
Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in hat Relevant Member Stat or
where appropriste, approved in nather Relevant Member State and notificd to he competent
auhority in that Relevant Member State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Directivo,
except hat lt may, with ect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an
afíer of Nes o the public in that Relevant Member State at any time:

(a) 10 legal emilics which are authorised or regulated to opera in th financial markets
or, f not so auhorised or regulsted, whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in
(b) to any legal entity which has two or mor of (1) an average ola least 250 employees

luring the last financial year; (2) a total balance sheet of more than 43,000,000 and!
(3) an annual ne tumover of more than 50,000,000, as shown in is last annual or
consolidated account; or

(6) — in any other circumstancos which do not require the publication by the Issuer of
prospectas pursuant o aicle 3 of the Prospectus Directivo

For ho purposes of this provision, th expression an “ofíer of Notes to the public” means the
communication in any form and by any means of suficient information on the terms of the
affer and the Notes o be offered so as to cnable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe
Ale relevant Notes, as Abe same may be varicd in that Member State by any measure
implementing the Prospectas Directive in that Member State and the expression “Prospectas
Directivo” means Directive 2003/71/EC and includes any relevant implementing measure in
each Relevant Member Stat.

United States

Tas Notes will nt be registered under tho Securities Actor the secuiics laws or “blue sky"
laws oPany state or any other relevant jurisiction of the United States and therefore may not
be offered, sol, resold or oxherwiso transferrd directly or indicctly within the United Ses
arto, oror he account or benefit o, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemptin from the
registration requirements of the Secuitics Act, Accordinly, the Notes ill be offered outside
lie United States o persons other than US. persons (as defined in and pursuant o Regulation
S ofthe Securitics Act



Each global coordinator, lead manager (including th Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or
underwrter shall agree Abat, except as permitted by 1he relevant Notes Subscription
Agreement, t vil not offer or sell the Notes ( as part of is distribution a any time or (4)
«herwvise until 40 days after the later of he commencement af the ofíring of he Notes and
he closing date (the Distribution Compliance Period) within the United Stats orto, or for
he account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined under the Regulation S. Each global
eoordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwrter
hall furor agree that til have sent to cach afílito or other person receiving a selling
commission, fc or other remuneratos that purchases Notes from it during the Distribution
Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice seting fort he restrictions on ofíes and
sales ofthe Notes within the United States orto, or or the account of. U.S. persons.

In adáitio, until the expratio of the Distribution Compliance Period, an offer or sale of
Noues within the United States by any global coordinator, cad manager (including the Join
Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwrier may violate the registration requirements of the
¡Securtics Act, Terms usd in this scction hat are defined in Regulation S under he Securities
“Acta used here as defined thercin.

United Kingdom

Each global coordinato, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or
vunderwetr shall represent, warrant and agree that

(a) it will only communicate or cause to he communicated any invitation or inducement
10 engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 0f the Financia!
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (ESMA)) reccived by it in connection
vih the issue or sale of amy Notes in cicumstances in which section 21(1) of the
ESMA does not apply o the Fandi and

(b) it will comply with all applicable provisions of the PSMA awith respect to anything
done by il in relation o the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United
Kingdom.

France

Each global coordinato, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or
"underwetr shall represent and agree that will not ofTe or sell, direc or indirecly, Notes
10 the public in France, and will not distribute or cause o be distributed to the public in
France, the Base Prospectus, or any other offering muterial relating to the Notes, and that
such offers, sales and distibutions will be made in France only 1o (8) providers of
investment services relating to portolio management for the account of third paris,
andíor (0) qualificd investors (investsseurs qualfés), ciber than individuals all as
defined in, and in accordance with, articles L.411-1, L-411-2, and D-411-1 10 D-411-3 of
th French Code monétaie et financier


Spain

Tac Notes muy not be ofered, sold or distributed, nor may any subscquent realo af Notes be
carried cut in Spain, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of
securitis in Spain within the meaning of the Spanish Securities Market Law (Legislativo
Royal Decree 4(2015 of 23 October, approving th consolidated text of the secuiic market
law), as amended and restated, or wilhout complying with all legal and regulatory
requirements under Spanish sccuritics law.

Germany

Each global coordinato, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or
"underweter shall agree not to offer or sell the Notes in the Federal Republic of Germany other
han in compliance with the Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospeligesetz) as of 22
June 2005 implementing Directivo 2003/7M/EC of the Europcan Parliament and of the
Council of 4 November 2003, and the German Securitics Sales Prospectus Act (Wertpapier
Verkaudsprospeksgeser), or any other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany
úgoverning the issue, offering and sale of securtics,

The Netherlands

Each global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or
“underwrtr shall represent and agree that the Notes may not be offered o the publi dn the
Neberlands in reiance on article 2(2) of the Prospectus Directivo unless (6) such or is
made exclusively to persons or entitics which are quaificd invetors as defined in the Dutch
Financial Supervision Act (Wer op het fnancieeltoezich) o (i) standard exemption working.
is diclosed as required by article $:2045) of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act, provided!
har mo such offer of Notes shall require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to aicle 3
af the Prospectus Directivo or supplement £o a prospects pursuant to arile 16 of the
Prospectus Direetiv,

Maly

Each global coordinato, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or
“underwrter shall represent and agree that the Base Prospectus will not be published án the
Republic af Maly in cometion with he offering of the Notes and such ofering of the Notes

vil not be registered with the Conmissione Nactonale per le Socitó ela Borsa (te Malian
Securities and Exchange Commission or CONSOB) porsuant to Halian securiics
legisltion and, accrdingly, he Notes may not be offered, sold or transfered, nor may copies
df he Base Prospectus or ol any other document resting to the Notes be distributed in al.

except

(a) to qualfid investors (investi! qualificai), as defined in article 100 of Legislativo
Decrec No, 58 ol 24 February 1998, as amended (th Halian Financial Services Act
and anicle 34-r, first paragraph, er (1) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14
May 1999, as amendod from time o time (Halian Regulation No. 11971): or

m


(6) — (ú) in other circumstances which are cxempled from the rules on Soliciaions of
investments pursuant to article 100 of the Ralian Financial Services Act and its
implementing regulations, including arúcle 344er, of the Halian Regulation No.
197

Moreover, and subject o the foregoing,cach global coordinaor, lead manager including the
Joint Lead Managers) bookrunner or underwrier shall acknowlcdge that any offer, sale or
transfer of the Notes o distribution of copies uf ho Base Prospectas or any other document
elating to the Notes in Naly under (a) or (9) above must, and vil, e cffected in accordance
with all relevant Htaian securitic, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and
regulations and, in patcula, will e made:

by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such
acivites in laly in accordance with the Hallan Financial Semices Act, the
Legislativo Decre No. 385 of 1 Sepiember 1993, us amended (the Htalian Banking
Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 16190 of 29 October 2007 (as amended from time to
time) and any other applicable Laws and regulations

in compliance with article 129 of the lalian Banking Act, as amended, and the
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time 1 timo, pursuant
o which tc Bank of luly may require information on the issue or the offer of
securtis in the Republic of als and

in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or sequi
y the Bank of Italy, CONSOB or any otr Ralian autori.

-ment imposed

Any insestor purchasing the Notes in he offering is solely responsibl for ensuring that any
fer orresalo of the Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable
laws and regulations. Please note that in accordance with article 100-bis of the Hallan
Financial Sevices Act, where no cxemptin from the ules on public olferings api

(a) aná (9) above, the subsequent distribution o the Notes on the secondary market in Hay at
any time in the twelve (12) months following such placing must e made in compliance with
the public offer and the prospectos requirement rules provided under the Halian Financial
Services Act and lali Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result
in th sal of such Notes being declaed null and void and in th liabilty of he intermediary
Aransfering te financial insrumentsfor any damages sulfered by th imvestors

under

"hc Base Prospectus any other document rating to he Note, ad the information contained
hercin re intended only for the use os recipient and are no 0 be distributed to any third-
any resident or located in Maly for any reason. No person resident or located in laly other
lan the original recpicnts of this document may ely on Lor ts contents.

Srttzrland

Tas Base Prospectus does not constitute an offering circular within the meaning of Art. 652a
ar Ant. 1156 0f the Swiss Code of Obligatios. The Notes may not be offered or sold directly

mM


or indiecaly in Switzerland or to Swiss bascd potential investors, except in circumstancos tha
vil mo result in the offer of the Notes being a public offering in Switzerland within the
meaning of the Swiss Code of Obligations and all other applicable laws and regulations of
Svvitzerland,

Japan

Tac Notes will no be registered under th Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan
(Act No, 25 of 1948, as amended, the Japan Financial Instruments and Exchange Act)
Accordingly, cach global coordinato, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers),
ookrumner ar undenwrier sh

represent and agree tha it has vil not, direcly or indirect.
fer or sel any Notes in Japan or o, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term
as used hercin means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity
úrganised under he laws of Japan) orto other for re-offring or real, directly or indirecly,
in Japan or to, or for the benefi of any resident of Japan except puesuant to an cxempiion
from the registration requirements o, and otherwise in compliance with, he Japan Financial
Instruments and Exchange Act and ote relevant laws and regulations of Japan.

Hong-Kong

Each global coordinato, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or
“nderwrtr shall represent, warrant and ares hat

(a) it will ot ofer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes (except
lor Notes which area “structured product” within the meaning of hc Securities and!
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) other han ()1o professional investrs
as defined in the Securitis and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that
Ordinances or () in hr cicumstances which do not result in the document being a
prospectus as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which
do not constitute an offer to the public itin he meaning of hat Ordinances and

(b) it will notssue or have in ts possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong
Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitacion or documen relating o the Noles,
which s directe a, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the
public of Hong Kong (except if permited to do so under the securitic laws of Hong.
Kong) other than with respec to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to professional investors as defind in th
Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules mado under that Ordinan

Singapore

Each global coordinato, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or
vnderwrtr shall acknowledge that his Base Prospoctus will be registered s a prospectas
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, cuch global coordinator, lead
manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwrter shall represent

>warrant and agree that lt vil not offer or sel such Notes a cause such Notes o be made the

1


413.

subject af an invitation for subscription or purchase, and will not circulate ar distribute, the
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or
invasion for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirecdy. to
persons in Singapore oxher than () to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the
Securtis and Futures Act, Chapter 289 o Singapore (the SEA), (10 a relevant person (as
defined in Section 275() of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to
Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specific in Section 275, of the SFA,

valierwise pursuant to, and in accordance wit the condiions af, any onher applicable
provision of the SFA,

Restricions on the free transferabilty of the securiics
Th Notes are fccly transferable and can be transmiited tough any legally permissible
means, Furbhermore, where the Notes are listed on ALAF, their transmission vil he subject to

hc rales applicable to th corresponding market

"hc ownership of cach of he Notes will he transfrred (5) by book entry in the case of Notes
represented in book-<mtry form (anotaciones en cuenta) or

) by registration in he Registry=
Book in case of Notes represented by means o registered tl (otulos nominativos),

Registration o th transfer 1o the purchaser in the accounting register or the Regisry-Book,
as applicable, will have the same effects as th transfer of certificates, and rom that moment
“omvards the transfer can be reicd upon as against id patos

5. ADMISSION TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS

Sd.

Market where the securtis vil be traded

"hc Notes may be unlisted or listed on ALAF. There s no obligaion for the Notes of all Notes
Series to be listed on any markets.

Where he Notes are to be listed on ALAF, he Management Company shall cary out is est
elíons to achieve that the admission to trading of the Notes of cach Notes Serie on such
market is caried out mot later than thiny (30) calendar days afler the corresponding.
Disbursement Date set out in the corresponding Issuing Document. The Management
Company will als, on behalf of the Fund, request the inclusion of th listed Notes of cach
Notes Serios in IBERCLEAR so that clcarng and setlement may be caricd out under the
«operating rules established or that may be approved int future by IBERCLEAR with regard
o the sccurticsadmittd to trading on the on ALA and represente by book entries

The Management Company shall cam out lts best efforts in order that cach listed Notes
Series included in the regisrics of IBERCLEAR.

In the event of a file to mest the deadline for the admission of he listed Notes of any.

Nokes Series o trading, he Management Company underakes to reporta relevant Fact (hecho
relevante) o the CNMY and make the announcement in th corresponding mean forescen in

.o


sa.

in ALAF or in any other media generally accepted by the market wbich guarantee adequate
dissemination ot information, in time and content, concerning the reasons for such bresch
“and the new date for admission f the issued securilis to trading, without prjudice of the
possible Hiabiliy of the Management Company if the breach ix due to reasons attributable
Alcrto.

"e Management Company, in the name and on behalf of the Fund, represents that ts aware
of Ahe requirements and conditios hat may be requested for the listing, maintenance and de-
listing oh securtics with ALAF, in accordance wi the applicable regulation, as well as the
requirements by the governing bodies of th later, and the Management Company accepis to
comply wit the

Its mot forescen to enter into any agreement with an entity that will under to facilite th
liquidity of the Notes during the lie of the Fund,

Where the Notes ar not listed in any market, the Management Company shall comply wit
Ac provisions se ut in section 4.5.1 4.26 of he Sccuritics Note.

Paying Agent

The Management Company, acting for and on behalf of the Fund, appoints Banco Santander
as Paying Agent in order to cary out cen financial services (Financial Agency) in relation
to the Notes of each Note Serios issued by the Fund with effects from the Fund Incorporaion
Date.

521. Obligations of the Paying Agent

"hc Paying Agent obligation are summarised as follows:

(a) Oncach Notes Isue Disbursement Date, and once instructions from the Management
Company are reccived, efect the necessary payments to meet the disbursement
process, he subscription of the Notes and, if applicable, payment of the Reccivables
purchased or the calling of a Note Sercs n th immediately next payment Date la
“any event, payment of thes amounts may be caricd out in net amount.

(b) — On cach Payment Date, payment of interest and reimbursement of principal of the
Notes, once the total tax withboldings have been made accondingly with cuen tx.
regulations

(c) On cach Payment Date (or any oler payment date in case of Extraordinary Expenses)
fte Fund, curry out any payment required by the Management Company in relation
to he Fund,

(4) M tbere ase no Available Distribution Amount in he Treasury Account on a Payment
Date, the Paying Agent will not be required to make any payments

a


"hs Paying Agent shall carry out the function entrusted under this section upon receipt he
relevant instructions from the Management Company, together with any information and data
required by the Paying Agent for the performance ol any such function.

Any instructions received by the Paying Agent from the Management Company hal be
deemed valid and ifective, without hc Paying Agent being obliged to verify the suiabiliy
“appropristeness or adequacy of such instructions. Consequentiy the Paying Agent shall be
elcased from any liabilityarsing from Ihir execution and/or processing in good fit (save
where the Paying Agent has incurred in wilfu misconduct or negligence (ciher by act or by
mission)

In the esent of failure or delay by the Management Company to provide the relevant
insructions or information (in whole or in part), the Paying Agent shall not perform any
action until such instructions or information ar reccived, Th Paying Agent shall make the
Fund payments, in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments set out in section 34.72
af the Adáiional Building Block

(a) — omeach Payment Dates and

(b) — om any her date scheduled for such payunent as set ut in the Decd of Incorporation
rte Base Prospects,

by debiting the Treasury Account, atrreceiving appropriate instructions oh Management
Company

Tas instructions of the Management Company t0 the Paying Agent must be reccived by the
Paying Agent ul east two (2) Business Day before the relevant Payment Date (with respect to
payments of iierest or principal under the Notes) o two (2) Business Day before the date on
which the Paying Agent shall effect the corresponding payment (in all he other cases)

In case that such instructions are not reccived on time, the Paying Agent shall immediately
notify the Management Company of such circumstance so that the Management Company
insucts the Paying Agen accordingly. In the absence of any such instructions, the Paying.
Agent will not make any payment

Given tha in accordance wi

the 345 of the Additional Building Block the Issuer Accounts
vil not be allowed to have a negative balance to th detriment of th Fund, in the cvent that
Ale relevant Issucr Account docs not have sufficien funds to make te comesponding
payment in accordance with instructions roccived from the Management Company, the
Paying Agent shall notify the Management Company. and sball refrain from making any
payment until it reccives fuer instructions from the Management Company.

Th payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes of any Note Seres in

accordance with he Priority of Payments set out in section 347.2 of the Additional Building
Block vil be made:

1


(a) in case of listed Notes, by transfer to the account of ihe relevant participants in
IBERCLEAR (he Participant En
Series are registered, according o the procedures ol IBERCLEAR applicable from

es) at wbich the Notes of th relevant Note

(0) in case of unlisted Notes in book-<mry form, by transíer to the account duly notified
by the Noteholder o the duly licensed financial institution appoimed by the
Management Company to manage such registry, fo such purposes: and

(6) in case of unlisted Notes in registered form, by transfr to the account duly notified
by the Noteholdero the Management Company.

Upon the occurrence o an unforescen event which, in the Paying Agent's ole opinion, would
make the execution of such instructions rsky or harmful, the Paying Ager shall suspend the
performance of lts functions and immediately scck new instructions from the Management
Company,

The Management Company shall provide such instructions to tbe Paying Agent as soon as
possible in the manner provided in his section. as a result of delay by the Management
Company to provide such new instructions a delay is caused in hc payments to be cffected by
hc Fund, the Management Company shall not claim any amount to the Paying Agent in
connection therto and he Fund shall hold the Paying Agent harmless against any claims as
result of such delay raised by he beneficiario of such payment, under the terms se out in
section 522 below

Tac Paying Agent shall communicate o the Management Company by cmul, before 13:00
CET of any Interest Determination Dat, the Interest Rate aplicable to the Floating Rate
Nos including the supporting document

section 4.6 the Secunitics Noe of1he Base Prospectus.

von for such calculations án accordance with

522. Limitation of liability of the Paying Agent

Tas Paying Agent shall not be responsible for any damages cassod to the Management
Company orto the Notcholders, in the performance of hcir respective duties, provided that
such damage docs not derive directly from acts or omissions atributabl to the Paying Agent
in which they have acted faudulenly or material negligenc.

"hc Paying Agent will no be liable for losses, damages, costs or expenses as resul of any
fraudulent act, omission of information, misrepresentation, ftaud or negligence or eror in
sending or reccivins by the Management Company or refraning from performing any
insaction, or third paics n relation to he information used by the Paying Agent for the
exercise of ts untions

The Management Company undertakes to keep the Paying Agent harmless (as well as ts
rector, offices, agents, employees, companios belonging to ls group - wi the scope
provided in article 5 of Legislativo Royal Decrec 4 / 2015, dated 23% October , which

2


“approved the consolidted text of the Securities Market Lan) for all loses, damages, claims
“and libiiis (including al! expenses that could be incured in connection with investigation,
preparation or defense of any pending or anounced claims or of any action or proceeding
rising from such claim, r of their appearance as witness) that may arie dirccly or indiectly
from the Financial Agency Agreement or its execution, as well as from any breach by the
Management Company, unless such losses, damages, claim and liabiliis ae derived from
direly or through fraudulento grossy negligen acts or omissions atributable to Ah Paying
Agent

523. Resignation by the Paying Agent

"hc Paying Agent may, at any time upon not less than two (2) months” write notice, notify
le Management Company that lt wishes to cease to be the Paging Agent. ln addition, the
resignation may not take place, unless authorized by the Management Company, until the
twenty (20) day of the month following the month of the Payment Date following the date on
vwbich tn esignaton s schedold,

Upon reccipt ol an carlytermination notice, the Management Company will appoin 4 new
Fund's paying agent (a New Paying Agen) provided that the following conditions are met
(te Paying Agent Substiution Requirements):

(a) The New Paging Agen:
6) is a credit insiaion duly athorised to provide banking sevics in Spain:
and
6) is an EligiblePaying Agent
(b) th Relevant Rating Agencies shall have been given notice of such substituion and

such substituion shall not ental the downgrade or withdrawal of any of the ratings
then assigned by the Relevant Rating Agencies o he Noles; and!

(6) such substituiom is made in compliance wih hc then applicable laws and regulations

"hc costs and taxes hat may be incurred in as a consequence of the resignation of the Paying
Agent will be on account of the Paying Agent.

Tas resignation by the Paying Agent shall not take any effct until tbc appointment of the
New Paying Agent is cfectve. The termination by the Paying Agent of the performance of
lis funcions, as well as the appoiniment of the New Paying Agent will be notified by the
Management Company to the Relevant Rating Agencies and, if applicable the CNMV.

Upon termination oÉ lts sppointment the Paying Agent shall deliver to the Management

Company al documents, monies and securitic belonging o the Fund and sithin is power as
result of the dutis entraste hereunder,

pe


524.  Voluntary Substitution

The Management Company is ente to substtte the Paying Agent, provided that it notifica
lie Paying Agent in writing at leust tiry (30) calendar days in advance of ho envisaged
termination date and provided tt the Paying Agent Substtuion Requirements are met.

All costs incurred in the voluntary substitution of the Paying Agent when necessary by
decision of the Management Company vil be for the account of the Fund.

Tas subsition of the Paying Agent shall nt ak any cffct until the appointment of the
New Paying Agent is cfectve. The termination by the Paying Agent of the performance of
lis funcions, as well as the appoiniment of the New Paying Agent will be notified by the
Management Company to the Relevant Rating Agencies and, if applicable the CNMV.

525. Mandatory Substitution: Paying Agent Termination Events

Notwithstanding above, the Management Company is entied o replace the Paying Agent at
any time, provided that (6) lt is permited by current legilaion and (i) it is obtained, 4
necessary, the auhorizaion of the competent auhoritics. ln this sense, the reason for the
substtution must be material and potential detrimental to the interests of he Noteholders,
including, without limitain, he occurrence of a Paying Agent Termination Event

Upon the occumence of any of he events refered to in the puragraph above, the Management
Company shall appoint a New Paying Agent within dirty (30) calendar days añer the
ccunence of such event and provided that the Paying Agent Substitution Requirements are

The Paying Agent shall promply notify the Management Company, acting in the name and
on behalf the Fund (and the Management Company will m0
possible), he occurrence of any event that will cause the replacement of the Paying Agent ln
addition, the Management Company wil notify to the Relevant Rating Agencies and, if
necessary, to the CNMV, th substituto of the Paying Agent,

10 Abe Seller as soon as

Paying Agent Termination Event means any o he following events

(a) — amy muteral representaion or warranty made by the Paying Agent under any
Programme Document to which ts a paty is or proves to have been incorrect or
mislcading in any material respect when mado, and the same ds not remedicd (
capable of remedy) within five (5) Business Days aer the Management Company
has given notice thercol lo the Paying Agent or if sooner) the Paying Agent has
Knowledge of the same, provided that the Management Company, al is discreto,
cemlis that its material and prejudiial o the interests af he Notcholders:


(b) the Paying Agent has filed to comply with any ol ts material obligations under any
Programme Document to which its pary unless such breach ás capable of remedy
and is remedied within five (5) Business Days after the Management Company has.
given notice Ahercof to the Paying Agent or (f sooner) Uhe Paying Agent has
Knowledge of the same, provided that the Management Company, at ts discreton,
cemtlis that its material and prejudiial o the interests af he Notcholders:

(6) an Insolveney Event occurs in respect of the Paying Agent

(4) atany time its or becomes unlawfalforthe Paying Agent to perform or comply with
any orall of ts matrial obligtions under any Programme Document to which its a
pany or any or all of is material obligaions under any Programme Document o
which isa paty are not, or ccase to be, legal, valid and bindings

(<) any failure by the Paying Agent to make any payment under any Programme
Document to which ts a party, when due, except f such failure is dueto technical
or administrativo reasons and is semediod within five (5) Business Days aer such
failure: or

(Ó) the Paying Agent ceases o be an Eliible Paying Agent.

For hese purposes, EligiblePaying Agent means a depostory institution organised under the
laws of any state which isa member of the European Union, ad is authoriscd to take deposis
in Spain.

Al the costs incued in th replacement of the Paying Agent to another Eligible Paying
“Agent will be paid by the replaced Paying Agent.
526. Subcontracting

"hc Paying Agent may subcontract or delegae to third paris with acknowedged capaci,
he paying agency functions, when (1) legally possible, i) there is prior writen consent from
he Management Company on behalf of the Fund, (ii) the subcontracing or delegating may
ot in any way prejudice the rating granted to the Notes; and (1) the subicontracir or
delegate has vaived the right to claim any responsibility from the Fund.

"hc Paying Agent may cancel such subcontracts or delegations under hc same terms,

In any event, this subcontractng or delegation shall no imply any extra costs or expenses for
the Fund or the Management Company. Ncither of hem will assume any additional liabiliy
“as aresultof such subcontracting or delegaton

Any subcontracting vil be subject to th prior appeoval of the CNMV, if legally necessary

no


522. Remuneration of the Paying Agent

As consideraion for the services to be provided by the Paying Agent, he Management
Company, for and on behalf of the Fund, shall pay on cach Payment Date a foc agreed
between the Paying Ager and the Management Company.

6. EXPENSES OF THE ADMISSION TO LISTING AND TRADING
6l. Initial Expenses

Tas fccs for th registration of this Base Prospectus with he CNMY and incorporating the
Fund, that are included in th table below will o paid as Initial Expensos out o th procceds
fte Expensos Subondinated Facility.

Tas table above includes tho Note Series Issue Expenses payable by the Fund in connection
fte issuance of he Notes Serios to be issued on the Fund Incorporation Date

62. Note Series lssue Expenses

Tas expenses incured in connection with the issue of cach Notes Series will be paid as Note
Series Issue Expenses out of the proceeds of she Expenses Subordinated Facility in
“accordance with scction 34.5 of the Additional Building Block.

Pursuant to the provisions of section 347.5 of the Additional Building Block, the Note Series
Issue Expenses will he determined before th consesponding Notes Seics tk place and vil
e diclosed in lc relevant Isuing Document on the occasion of each Notes Series.

For hee purposes, Note Series Issue Expenses mcan any expenses incured in connection
vih issue o he Nokes of any Notes Serie (including the execution and filing any Issuing
Document and any fees and costs payable in connection herewith ic, CNMV, IBERCLEAR,
ALA, fecs of Uhe Relevant Rating Agencies, leal costs te

er


7. OTHER INFORMATION

74.

72.

13.

74.

15.

Statement of the capacity in which the advisors involved in the issue hat are

mentioned in the Securities Note have ueted!

Cliflord Chance inervenes us legal counsel to th Seller and has reviewed the Spanish Law
“aspects af Uhe legal structure of the transaction and th tx rules applicable to Ahe Fund as set
tin section 4.5.4 0 he Registration Document

Other information in the Securities Note that has been audited or reviewed by the
suditors

Nox applicable.
Statements or reports attribute to a person as an expert

KPMG is acting as Auditor for the veificaion of a serics of atributos of the Audited

Portfolio. KPMG will be alo the Auditor for the Fund, as established in section 2.1 0f the

Registraion Document

inform

sourced from third parties

As part of the tasks involved in checking the information contained in his Base Prospecta,
he Management Company has reccived confirmation from the Seller that the information
bout the Seller and the Roccivables that ás given in section 2.25 of tho Additional Building
Block is tuo, and that ti rest of th information abost Seller and the Reccivables that is
contained in this Base Prospectus (and, if applicable, the relevant Iscuing Document) is also

The Management Company confims hat it has sccuratly reproduced the information tha it
has roccived from the Seller and, insofar us it knows and cun tell from such information
received from the Seller, confirm that lt has mot omitcd any fact that might result ín the
information reproduced being inaccurat or misicading. nor docs this Base Prospectus omit
material facts o data hat could be significant for th invesor and the Fund,

Cr

ratings assigned by the Rating Agencies

75.1. Ratings assigned to the Rated Notes

As described in section 4.122 and 4.123 of the Securities Not, the issue of Rated Notes of
act Notes Seris undor th Programme on he corresponding Issue Date shall be subject 1,
amongst others

(a) Incas of a Note Seres issued om he Fund Incorporation Dat, the Class A Notes of
the Note Seres to he issued are assigned preliminar rating of “AA (SÍ) and “AA
sf respectively by DERS and Fitch


(b) In case of Note Series issued on any Issue Date other than the Fund Incorporation
Date

6) the Class A Notes of the new Note Series to e issued are assigned a
preliminary rating o£“AA (sf) and “AA+ (50 (orar preliminarly assigned
hc then cument rating of the outstanding Class A Notes) respectively by
DBRS and Fitch ando he equivalen ratings rom the oxher Relevant Rating
Agencies provided () always tha he Class A Notes shall rated a cas by
two of the Relevant Rating Agencies and (
Noues does not result in the downgrade or withdrawal by the Relevant Rating
Agencies of th then current rating of outstanding Class A Notes

he issuance of ho Class A

(Gi) as applicable, ($) the Class B Notes of he new Note Series to be isued (as
Ale case may be) are rated at least by two of the Relevant Rating Agencies
“and (il) any Class B Notes are outstanding, (a) the Class 3 Notes of the
exw Note Series are asigned preliminaily at Least th Ahen current rating of
hc outstanding Class E Notes by the Relevant Rating Agencies and (D) the
issuance of the Class B Notes ol the new Note Seres docs not result n the
downgrade or vilhdrawal by the Relevant Rating Agencies of the then
cure rating of the outstanding Class B Nores,

"he Class A Notes and the Class B Notes (if any) of any Noe Series shall always bo Rated
Noxes.

lts not obligatory that the Class C Notes are Rated Notes. That sid, 4 the Class C Notes of
any Note Seris ae Rated Note, he Class C Notes of such Note Serics sh
y one of the Relevant Rating Agencies.

be rated at least

"Tac pretiminary ratings assigned to the Rated Notes of cach Notes Series shall be specific in
Ae applicable Issuing Document and must be confinmed by the Relevant Rating before or
during he Subscription Date of cach Rated Notes

In accordance wilh section 447.1 of the Regisraion Document, failure o obtain

frmation from the Relevant Rating Agencies of the preliminary ratings intisly assigned.
(or if such ratings are withdrawn) before or during the Subscription Date shall ei! the
termination of the issue of he Notes Seris in question

For ose purposes

Relevant Rating Agencios nucans the Rating Agencies specified in the applicable Issuing.
Document in respect of any Class of Notes of any Note Series outstanding at such time.

Rating Agency means any rating agency between DBRS, Flih or any other rating agency
registered and authorized by ESMA.

2


752. Considerations regarding the rating assigned to the Notes by the Rating
Agencies

Tas meaning of the ratings asigned to the Rated Notes can be consult in the web pages of
hc Relevant Rating Agencies.

Tas ratings assigned by the Rating Agencies do not constitute an cvalustion ol th likcliiod
af the Borrowers repaying the Reccivables carly, or of the extent to which such early
epayments dif from those originally estimated. n no way do he rating represent a rating
fte level o actuarial yield.

"hc assigned ratings, as well as any revision or suspension thercof:

(a) — are formulated by the Rating Agencies on the basis of varicd information reccived,
the accuracy and completeness of which is not guaranteed by the Rating Agencies,
and therefore th Rating Agencies will in no cvent be held lible for the contents
thrcof: aná

(6) — do not constitute and, therefore, could not in any way be inerpreed as an invitation,
recommendation or soliciaion for investors to proceed to cary out any type of
transaction with he Rated Notes and, in particular, o acquire retain,encumber or sell
such Rated Notes. The final ratings ola Class of Notes may be revisd, suspended or
witdrawn at any time by the Rating Agencies, depending on any information that
comes to thcirknowiedge. Such situations will be notificd immediately both to the
CNMV and the Notcholders ofhe Rated Notes.

To perform the rating and monitoring process, the Rating Agencies rely on the accuracy and
completenes of the information hat they are given by the Seller, the Management Company.
hc Arrangers, the Auditor and th legal advsors

These credit mtings are only an estimate and do not necessarily mean that potetalinvestors
o mot have to conduct their own analysis of the Rated Notes tha they intend 0 buy

In accordance wilh section 447.1 of the Regisraion Document, failure to obtain
confirmation from the Rating Agencies of the prliminary ratings (or if such ratings are
vithdrawn) before or during he Subscription Date shall ent he terminatin of the issue o
lc Notes Seics in question

10


ADDITIONAL BUILDING BLOCK TO THE SECURITIES NOTE
(ANNEX VII OF COMMISSION REGULATION 809/2004)

1. SECURITIES
14. Minimum denomination oa Notes Series

Noes of any Note Series will always be issued in a denomination of EUR one hundred
housand (100,000).

"e Maximum Outstanding Balance of the Programm from time 10 timo outstanding under
Ale Programme vil not excced EUR 3,000.000.000.

12. Confirmation that the information relating to an undertaking or obligor which is mot
involved in the issue has been accurately reproduced.

Nox applicable.
2. UNDERLYING ASSETS

21. Confirmation that the securitised assets backing the Notes Series have the capas
produce he funds to service any payments due and payable on the Notes

Tae Management Company confirm that the cash flows to be generated by Purchased
Reccivable, according o he contractual terms and conditions o he Credit Card Agrecments
under which they derive, shall permit the payment of all the amounis due and payable in
relation to the Notes in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. However, in order
o cover for possible payment defaults by the Borrowrs and thus enbance its financial
structure and procure he largest posible coverage for the risks inherent to the Notes Serios,
he Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, vil put in place a uumber of enhancement
Aransactions as set out in section 34.3 of this Additional Building Block. Likewise, some
Noos Series may have Hedging Agrcements according to the provisions of he relevant
Issuing Document of the corresponding Notes Seres.

Th Notes have dificrent risk of faling to recive payments as and when due and therefore
lle Notes may have diferent credit ratings assigned by the Relevant Rating Agencies
described in section 7.5 of the Secuitics Note,

Upon occurrence of any of the circumstances listed in section 443 of he Registration
Document, the Management Company may proceed with the Early Liguidation of he Fund!
dm the terms described in section 4:43 of the Registration Document

”


22.

"ae Management Company confirms the above on the basis of () ho representations and
warranties mude by the Seller wih respect to the Credit Card Agreements and the
Reccivabls listed in section 22. of the Additional Building Block: () the repor prepared
by KPMG on the Audited Ponfolio; (ii) the Initial Note Series Isuance Conditions
Precedent set out in section 4.12.. of the Securities Note and the Further Note Series
Issuance Conditions Precedent required as per section 4.121 of the Securitics Note and (iv
hc raings assigned to the Rated Notes by the Relevant Rating Agencies as described in
section 7. of Securities Note,

Assets hacking the Notes Series

Tac Reccivables to be transfered to he Fund on the Fund Incorporaion Date and thercatcr
vn cach Purchase Date during th lfe of the Fund are credit card reccivablesariing from
drawings mude by the Borrowers under the revolving credit faclitics granted to such
Borrowers by th Seller under th terms of the Credit Card Agrecments. Th Credit Cande
Agrecments from which the Reccivables comprising th Audited Pontolioarise all have the
same contractual conditions.

Tas incorporation of future Eliible Reccivables will be done rough th transer o Initial

Transfers and Adisonal Transfers as detailed in section 33 of the Additional Building
Block.

Tas credit faclitics made available under the Credit Card Agreements are of a revolving
mature, meaning that any principal repayment will reconstitute the credit available to the

Borrower and may be re-drawn by the Borrower. The maximum amount of the credit which

can be drawn by any Borrower (he Credit Limit) is set out in the relevant Credit Card
Agreement and may be increased ordecreased by the Seller in accordance sith and subject to

Ale limitations et out án ts Credit Polcis.

Credit Cards are lines of credit rough which Borrowers are cnted to freely use the
“amounts they consider appropriate up to the credit limi: established in the agreement, ad are
bligod to pay their balance and corresponding interest, periodically

“As of 16 June 2017, the Eligible Porfolio included 399,076 Credit Cards issued by WiZink
Bank, S.A. o private individuals in accordance wit he entity's intenal criteria, described in
section 22.7 of the Additional Building Block, At the date ol reference, the Credit Cards had
an Outstanding Principal Balance of 605.921.870.57 Euros. The Aggregate Credit Limit of
e Eigible Portoio on that date was 1,5S1.915.604Euros

12


Al Credit Card Agreements from which the Roccivables included in the Audited Portfolio
rise have been granted to Borrowes which a individuals resident in Spain as of the signing

ste of he comesponding Credit Card Agreement

For these puposes, Borrower means, in relaion to any Credit Card Agreement, the
individual who has entered into such Credit Card Agreement as principal obligr to the Seller.

Main cardholder and authorised users
Credit Card Agreements are signed wilh a main cardholder, who is the Borrower of the
evolving credit facility granted under cach Credit Card Agreement. Additional (physical)
eredit cards may be issued by th Seller to authorised uses linked to 1h same Credit Card
Agreement. Credit analysis is performed by the Seller in respect of the Borrower only (and

ot on additional suthorised users.

Drawings tnder the Credit Card Agreements

In connection with cach Credit Card Agreement, a (physical) credit card s always delivered.
to Ahe Borrower by the Seller (a Credit Card). Each physical card is valid for a period of 36
months. Once this period expire, he associated credit Facility continues to meet all the

ertria or lts renewal, a new valid physical card is issued fora fuibr period of 36 months.

"ac revolving credit facility made available by the Seller to the Borrower under a Credit Card

Agreement is used by the Borrower:
(a) by makinguse ofthe Credit Cardo:
(6) pay the piceforthe goods or service acquired,

Gi) withdraw cash in automated tller machines (ATMS) or cash

vwithdrawal systems which permitiese services; or

(0) to receive transícrs of funds in the relevant account of he Borrover by means
af phone or internet request whenever this possibiliy is offered by the Seller
(LOs or instant cash transíerred to the customer account up to 90% af
available line, and ALOPS or temporary increase of the credit line with fi
monthly payment added o Outstanding Principal Balance),

1


For claification purposes, the Borrower must satisfy cetin criteria o access o an ALOP.
Currenly these include the time that has clapsed from the approval of the Credit Card, th age
“and residence of the Borrower, the performance uf the Credit Card and the behavior score,
Subject to the satisfaction Of the criteria mentioned above, all the Borrowers of he cligible

pontolio could access to an ALOP.

Morcover, as furiher explained below (scc section entiled “Interes and charges"), he Seller

may charge fees o he Borrower (fees may be charged, amongst ouhers for cash witrawals,

ú"on-payment and wir transies to the Borrowers account)

Fees charged to the Borrower amount to Drawings for all purposes and, therefore, they
increase the Outstanding Principal Balance of e relevant Credit Card Agreement, accrue

interest aho interest rat hen applicable to the Drawings and ae epaid in Instalments

By way of exception to the oregoing, late payment fees are added to the relevant Minimum
Due (as defined below in section "Amortisation of Outstanding Balance") instead of being
added 1o the Outstanding Principal Balance of he Credit Cards. Therefore, payment is sought
in full at he cud of the relevant Monthly Bilimg Period. In any case, and following the
genes
Principal Balance of the Credit Cards as he restf feos

rule, non-payment of the Minimum Due will consolidae as part of the Outstanding

Morcover, as further explained in section below enttled “Type of Repayment Options",

Credit Cad Agreements

Free repayment or (li) in interest bearing instalments, Where a single interesttre instalment

low fortwo main repayment options, cther() in a single interest-

is unpaid by the Borrower, the Seller may finance payment creo! by means of a Drawing.
under the Credit Card Agreement

Conscquenly, any deawidowns made by the Borrower (or any cher authorized user) under the
revolving credit facility granted under cach Credit Card Agreement, and which includes ()
any feos financed by the Seller (other than he ate payement fee, unless its unpai),() any
insurance premium under the optional Insurance Policy entered by the Borrower financed by.
he Seller and (ii) any unpuid single imrestíree instalment financed by the shall be

considered a Drawing.

Drasvings under the Credit Card Agreement are sccounted for in monthly bilimg periods or
payment cycle (the Monthly Bi

14 Period) which do not coincido with calendar months.

1.


Tas outstanding balance of a Credit Card Agreement is defined as the outstanding balance af
lt credit facility as rellcted in the corresponding Credit Card Agreement a any given time,
Te Oustanding Principal Balance on any specific date (she Outstanding Principal
Balance) is deined as the balance that is owed at any given moment from the line of credit
linked o such credit card On a specific dee, the Outstanding Balance is th result of th sum
fi) the Ouistanding Balance of such Card at the closing of the immediately prior Billing
period, plus (5) the sum of any use mude with the credit card (the Drawings) mado since the
losing of such period mins (ii) payments made since e as biling period

Type of repayment options

Credit Card Agreement allow fr two muin repayment options, cithr (5) n single interst-
Free repayment (Transactor) or () in inerest-bearng instalments (Revolver). hc choice of
hc repayment option is made by the Borrower at the time of entring ino the Credit Card
Agrcement but may be changod aftewards st its clection. In this regards, a Borower that has
used the single interestfrec repayment option can turn into an intrest-bearing payment by the

simple act of changing:

payment model
"Type of Credit Cards

In connection with cach Credit Card Agreement, a (physical) Credit Card is always delivered:
to the Borrower by the Soller. For information purpose, he Seller currently issues four (4)
pes a Credit Cards.

These diferent types of credit cards (Visa Clasic, Visa Oro -Golé-... do not alter the
underlying credit conditions or the Borrowers. Credit line associated to the Credit Cards o
he Eigible Portolio share he same contractual condiios. ln this sens, changes in th type
of card of a Credit Card (for example, upgrade from Visa Classic to Visa Gold) do not alter
the contractual conditions of the line of credit from which út ás derived but they have
“dóitional advantages such as greater insurance coverage, travel assistance, the ability to

edocmn bene

for gasoline orlad discounts programs. Contractual conditions are covered in

le Credit Card Agreement

Credit li

its
Each Card has a Credit Limil, definod as the maximum amount that the Borrower can
"sefwidraw from the card. By aggregatio, hc Aggregate Credit Limit is the sum of the
Credit Limits of all he Credit Card.


Credit Limits are st by the Seller in accordance with is Credit Policies, Among he factors
considered for setting the initial Credit Lim are the Borrowers age, level of income, the
number of years employed, his/r marital status etc. Th usual initial Credit Limit varios
between EUR 600 and EUR 6.00.

Credit Limits asigned to cach Borrower are reviewed monthly by 1h Seller on th basis af
le performance of the Borrower and may be revise (upwards or downwards) accordingly.
Borrowers cun rejet limit increase. Nev limits (which are duly notified to the Borrowers
"ut which do not imply he signing oa new Credit Card Agreement) come into force in the
Monhly Bálling Period following the one in which the Borrower has ben notficd by th
Seller of the change. Borrowers con also request a reduction or increase of the limit, Any
request by the Borrower to increase the Credit Limit must be approved by the Seller. When

Ale Borrower requests credit la

increases, specific analysis is required, asessing the new
sisk profil of he Bomower based an series of parameters defined by the Seller's coring
system. Funliermore, the Seller can also reduce the credit límit upon request from the
Boro

Tas positive difference betwcen the Credit Limit on cach Credit Card Agrcement and its
Outstanding Principal Balance al any given times defined as the Available Balance (Saldo
Disponible) on Credit Card Agreement

Nevertheless, Wizink may temporaily allow to a Credit Card client to have an outstanding
balance in excess of Credit Limit iniilly established by the Seller; his s treated as Over

Credit Limits (OCLs). Currenly, the Seller only approves OCL to Cards holders with a

minimum scssonality of 6 momhs, a favorable observed Borrower behavior score and no
negative Bomower credit information at any credit instution. The maximum Over Credit

Limit must not execed 30% of the Card's Credit Limit
Tas temporarly increases of he Credit Limit docs not resul in interest rates increases
Interest and charges

Credit Cards accrue regular interes depending on thir contractual conditions established in
lc corresponding agreements. For cach bling period, interes is calculated in relation to the
Outstanding Principal Balance that exists at he end af cach corresponding billing period.

Single intereste insalments and insurance premia of Insurance Policies entered into alter

no


July 2011 de not accrue interest 97.58% of the cards acerue an intros ate of 249 that its
hc contractual nominal rat. The average contractual nominal rate a he Eliible Pontolio is
23.93%, asi includod int tables in his section.

The weighted average TAE including (005) of Ine Credit Cards is equal to 27.16%, The
vwcighed average TEDR of the Credit Cards with data as of May 2017 is equal to 22.55%

Neverbeles, under certain circumstancs, uniquely and temporary and as par of specific
marketing campaigns, the Seller may offer reduced interest rate financing for certain

purchases during a limited period of time,

Tas applicable interes rate for Over Credit Limit balances and those that ac in default will
be the one applic to the remuinder of the outstanding balance at the time credit moves over

lc limit or enter in def, Over Credit Limits or default fees are also applicable.

Unpaid Drawings and overdrats do not accrue default interest but umpaid interest is
capitlised and accrues further ordinary intros. However, the Seller may charge a fee for
laiming umpaid amownts provided it undertakes actual collection actions simed at collecting

“such umpaid amount

"hs interest mute is comracually agreed betucen the Seller and the Borrower in the Credit
Card Agreement. The interest rate can be adjustcd by the Seller providing a two (2) month
prior write notice to the Borrowers. Each Borrower is entiled to refuse such adjustment in
which case () the interest ate applicable will be the interest rate applicable prior to the
proposed adjusiment,() the Borrower will nt be entiled o make any further Drawings
under the relevant Credit Card Agreement and

th Borrower vil continue to repay all
¿outstanding Drawings made under the

lvant Credit Card Agreement in accordance with th

conditions of the Credit Cand Agreement as in force prior to the proposed adjustment

Pursuant to the Credit Card Agreement the Seller may charge fees to lhe Borrower for,
“amongst oler, cash wilhdrawals, non-payment (as described above), wire transfers o the
Borrowers account, Over Credit Limit fs, charges for isuing card duplicaes, SMS alerts,
ete, These charges ar included in he Credit Card Agrecments signed by each Borrower and
WiZink. As indicated above, payment ofthse fs (other than th late payment fee, unless lt
is umpaid) is financed by the Seller under the Credit Card Agreement in ho samo manner as
with any other Drawings. Accordingly, cs (other than the late payment fee, unless is
úunpaid) increase the Outstanding Principal Balance of cach Credit Card Agreement and

7


“acerue interest Therefore, these financed fees vil he included within th principal collections
Aransferted by ho Servicr to the Fund.

Credit Card charges are part of the righs transerrod lo the Fund through the sale of the
Reccivables under the terms described in soction 3 of the Addisional Building Block.

Amortisation of Outstanding Balances

Cards have an established minimum monthly amontization amount for all Borrowers (he

zum Due). The current Minimum Due applid to cach biling period is ho sum of ()

05% of the Outstanding balance; () interest of the corresponding biling period; (ii)
Minimum Due fom the previous illing period if outstanding; (v) (any) any fix installment
linked to the different model of use o he cards (EP, LOS, and ALOPS) and (v) charges and!
«heritems hat correspond in accordance with the credit card agreement. This Minimum Due
can never be less than 18 Euros plus any És installment depending on the model of use the

card. The maximum amortization period for ALOPS, LOPs and EPPs is 60 months

"The Borrowers may modily specific mombhly amonizarion conditions for the Outstanding
Principal Balance of cach Credit Card. Under the terms and conditions of the Credit Card
agreements, cach Borrower can choose the amortization amount of the Outstanding Principal
Balance, both in terms of ho percentage of he debú or fixed amounts a he closing of he

hilling period oreycle assuming the Minimum Due established abone.
Charge and Collections Account

Every Credit Card Agreement is associated with a bank account (the Charge Accounts)
“where the Seller debits the amounts poyable under the Credit Card Agreement on a monthly
asis by means of direct debit. Charge Accounts are current accounts opened at Spanish
Financial institutions in the Borrowers name (the Charge Account Banks). On a monthly
basis (following the end of cach Monthly Billing Period) the Seller instrucs ts Collections
“Account Bank 10 collect the relevant Reccivables by direct debi and, o that end, items ll
relevant Reccivables data to such Collections Account Bank for them o coll the amount
ue thereunder by dirt debi

Tas Collections Account Bank credits the amount of cach butch of Reccivables remite to it
for collection by the Seller into the account in the name oh Seller hld by such Collections

Account Bank (the Collections Account)

ms


"The Collections Account will be used exclusively in connection with ho amounts o be
calleted under the Purehased Reccivables.

In accordance vith section 3.127 of the Additional Building Block, WIZINK (as Service)
has hc obligtion to grant an in rem right of pledge in favour af the Fund over the Collections
“Account. Please see section 3:4.39 for additional information on his security granted over

the Collections Account,

Alihough all Credit Cards have a coresponding collection account, Borrowers can
exceptionally also use other methods of payment like post transfers, bank checks, internet
transfers

Nowwithstanding the scheduled monthly repayments, the Bortower may prepay all or part of
Ae Drawings made under a Credit Card Agreement a any tim.

Returns and refunds
Credit Card Borrowers may return a purchase made with the card (by eturning the product
purchased or if the good or service purchased was not received), in which cas the retiler
cimburses the amount of he purchase to WiZink who hen reimburss th relevant amount to
he customer. Returns imply a readjusiment of the Outstanding Balance of the Borrower;

herfore, he Borrower is automatically nte to re-us the card for such amount

Tas Credit Card Agreements ofr the Borrower the option of taking out insurance to cover

he risk of the Borrowers deaih, temporary or permanent incapacity, unemployment or
hospialisaion (be Insurance Policies). Enteing into an Insurance Policy is entirey
volunary, at the BorrowerS request, and operates by means of ho payment of a mombly
premium calculated as x percentage of to Outstanding Principal Balance of the Credit Card

Agreement for he relevant mont.

Where the Seller s designated as beneficiary of the Insurance Indemmifiatin, such payments
vvil form part o height confered upon the Fund,

Approximately the 245% of the total portfolio of the bank is covered by an insurance “Credit
Shield.

19


For ose purposes

Insurance Indermifications means any amounts payablet0 th Seller under any Insurance

Policies entered into by the relevant Borrawer in comection with any Credit Card Agreement

Insurance Policies meuns the optional insurance polícis entered into by the Borrowers in
connection with any Credit Card Agreement in respect of which the Seller has been, and

remains, designated as “beneficiary

As described in section 22.10 of the Additional Building Block, insurance policis are
“arranged with METLIFE and the Outstanding Balance of the Credit Cars insured at date 16
June 2017 was 113406135 Euros, that it represents a percentage equal to 18.72% of the
total Outstanding Principal Balance of he Credit Cards

Cards
“Actual Credit Cards are issued in accordance wih curont market standards. Each plastic card
is isued with period of validy of 36 months. Once he card has expired, if he associated line
f credit again meets all he criteria for rencwal,a new plasic card is issued for another 36

months.

jaramtees

"he Reccivables do not benefit from any personal guarantes o security securing payment
hercof. However, the Borroweras main cardholder sjoily and soveralylable for the debr

of any uthorised users of Credit Cards provided under the same Credit Card Agreement
22.1. Legal jurisdiction by which the pool o asets is governed!
The assts1o be securitised will be governed by Spanish Law.

222. General characteristics of the Reccivables, us well as global statistical data
referred to the securitised assets

On the Fund Incorporation Date, the Fund will purchase Eligble Reccivables deriving from
Ale Credit Card Agrecments included iniially in ho Audited Ponlo.

"he Reccivables to be transferred by the Seller to hc Fund on the Fund Incorporation Date

hall consist of a random selection by the Seller of Eligible Reccivables of the Audited
Portfolio.

10


"he characterisios of the Purchased Reccivables on the Fund Incorporaion Date may difcr
from the Audited Porfolio due to inter ala prepayments, elinquencios, and defaults and
from the fact amount of Eligible Reccivables hat the Fund vil purchase will be les than
tc amount of Eligible Reccivabls of ho Audited Portfolio.

Aso 16 June 2017, th Eligible Reccivables of he Audited Porflio represents a percentage
equal to 18.07% of the total portfolio amount potentialy cligble for the Programme,

Distribution by type ol employment of the Borrower
Distribution by region o residence he Borrower
Distribution by year ol originaion ol the Credit Card
Distribution by credit mie

Distribution by outstandiag debt

Distribution by utlisation ate

Distribution by age the Borrower a origintion
Distribution by mumber of Credit Cards assigned to
Ae same Credit Card Agreement

Distribution by Interest rate

Distribution y Insurance type

Distribution by Delnqueney Bueket

Distribution by Monthly Contractual Payment

In addition, the distribution by certain characteristics of the Eligible Receivables of the
Audied Portfolio are shown án the tables below.

a) Distribution by type of employment of the Borrower

ostra 16/s/o

Pao: Ene as ETT Ea
Somos aso 1739 ess ES

10


b) Distribution by region of residence the Borrower

Datos 16/0682017

IZ 208702 1248325430 20379
53267 133078 10933690529 18905
56285 11001 Braz 14380
32599 81937 Sa oGA7OS0O, 3257
Galia 279 62us 2050 5200,
3078 771 0211301 4396
16900 4208 2asi6sseAS apas
16539 1600 182184775 3007
10308 23920 18 Da726533 2978
Marcia 1108 2778 1530688630 2536
atras 1377 28508 ases 223
Estremadura 10408 26306 115ccs609z 1909
Navara A585 1742 eo09361z 0392
Cantaia 3883 0970 520003032 og
Lama 24 037 23028 0390
pasito 55 0xIS  18mac67O 0309
Cesta 759 0x0z  1scmoz 0308

1


+) Distribution by year of origination o the credit card!

str 19/o/o

pe pe ras acosan

os e xs aso

Ta EUA Topo ECT
osjoo0o
aos

1


a) Distribution by Credit Limit

mor 100007

fases) ea Ez 0370 En
pio 2 a amo ss en
posos.) ne maso erase mo
joo 50) s7.ss anexa 2
isos. 700) sos 13 aaa ms
poo aseo mo ss ass soe
(8002000 o das ers 2
poo. 100 es 150 arar e
o

"usual Credit Limit aries between EUR 200 and EUR 30.00.

¡Ses section 22 of the Additional Building Block in relation to Credit Limits

1) Distribution by outstanding debt

str sa0r7

En a as ans
p0o-2500) sees ass Pre E
pasoo. saco 360 30 Eee aso
poo. seo pr] 2 ano uso
iso. co ase 2 ess07990 a
pososo0 A] 7 Sean se
i8so0000y ases se pr] mA
posoo-13500) 25 ose ass see
Ta E apo A apo

14


3) Distribution by utlisation rate

mor 10Jo/o7

E 3 pee
7 soso da aio a

y iure ea e men ab e Agrega Osa DeCs Lam Ci Cu
h) Distribution by age of the Borrower at origination

mor 10Jo/o7

E pee
toa, neo E oo ao
a va Do ama ds
1 cosmo a ss a

1s


1), Distribution by number of Credit Cards assigned to the same Credit Card Agreement

mor 2006007

3) Distribution by interest rate

mor 10Jo/o7

mu so mar ss E
PEN : aa An so
paa Ene seso iones aa

For this purposes Interest Rate means tho nominal interest rate of each Credit Cad. A

97.43% of the Credit Card Agrecmnts that form part of the Audited Portfolio have an
interest rate equal to 24%,

"The wcighted average TAE (including fs) of the portfolio and ho averago fees of he
Credit Cards are equal to 27.16% ¡The weighted average TEDR. (excluding fs) of the
poruolio with dara a of May 2017 is equal o 22.55%,

16


k) Distribution by insurance type
oator16/oo

»

A 18.72% of the Credit Card Agreements that form part of the Audited Portfolio have an
insurance “Credit Shicld”. The general terms of the insurance are included in the section
22.10.06 the Additional Building Block.

An average oftho 24% ofi Total Porolio has an insurance “Credit Shicld”.
m) Distribution by Delinqueney Bueket

at 1909/2017

a 35200000 En an 2
z zorepo 2 zz 09 an
Ta ECO ETS sanan EOS

17


1) Distribution by Monthly Contractual Payment

stos 1909/2017

Peconage 9339200 a 9 a
Fin dos ao es daran a
saltan 200 sanos ns dara

For bese purposes:

Percentage: The client pays a percentage a the Outstanding Principal Balance at the cnd
of cach Monthly Billing Period. The amount of the payment will be the result of appiying
said to tie Outstanding Principal Balance at closing of the Monthly Bling Period.

Mín Due: the client clects to pay the Minimum Due whose calculaion is detailed in
section 2.2 0h Additional Building Block.

Full balance: the cient clocts to pay all the Outstanding Principal Balance a he close of
cacha Momhly Bling Period (interest tee),

Fix amount: the client clcts to pay a fixed amownt on cuch month.

Alte he Fund Incorporation Date, the composition f the portfolio of Purchased Reccivables
vil be natually modified as result inter alía of the purchase of Reccivables in the context
of Initial Transfers andlor Additional Transfers) by the Fund, the repayunent ol th Purchased
Reccivable, any prepayments, delinquencies, defaults, any losss related to the Purchased!
Reccivable, any retranter of Purchased Reccivables or renegotitions entered into by the
Servicerin accordance with ts Servicing Policies

"The Investor Reports (with a description ol the Purchased Reccivables) are published by the
Management Company on its website (www.imtitulizacion.com).

223. Legal nature of the sets

"The Credit Card Agreements and the Roccivables driving from them are subject to Spanish
law. The main leisltion applicable to the Credit Card Agrecments is as follows:

(a) — Lane 16/2009, of 13 November, on Payment Services, which implements Directivo
2O0T/6MEC on payment services (Ley 16/2009, de 13 de noviembre, de Servicios de
Pogor:

1


(0) — Order EHA/IGO8/2010, of 14 June, on transparency oh information conditions and
requirements applicable to payment services (Orden EHA/1608/2010, de 13 de junio,
sobre transparencia de las condiciones y requisitos de información aplicables a los
servicios de pago):

(c) — Law 162011, of 24 June, on consumer credit agreements, which implemento
Directivo 2008/48/EC on consumer credit agreements (Ley 16/2011, de 24 de junio,
dle contratos de rédito al consumo) Law 16/2011)

(d) — Order EHA/2899/2011, 028 October, on ransparency and the protection of banking
service customers (Orden EHA/2899/2011, de 28 de octubre, de transparencia y
protección del cliente de servicios bancarios) nd.

(e) Circular 2012, of 27 June, of the Bank of Spain, to credit entities and providers of
payment services, on tramsparency of banking service and liability when granting.
louns (Circular. S/012, de 27 de junio, del Banco de España, a entidades de rédito y
proveedores de sericios de pago, sobre transparencia de los servicios bancarios y
responsabilidad en la concesión de préstamos)

224. Expiry or maturity date ol the assts

"he Credit Card Agreements are cered into for an indetiit period of timo, notwithstanding
ta the Credit Card Agreement may bo cancelled in the terms described thercn, which are
summarised below.

A Borrower may terminate the Credit Card Agreement at any timo, subject to giving fifcen
(15) days prior notice and repaying the outstanding det. The Seller may terminate the Credit
Card Agreement a anytime, subject to giving tw0 (2) month prior notice. checas, the
Borrower cannot make new Drwwings under the Credit Card Agreement and the Borrower
will continue to repay all outstanding Drawvings made under the relevant Credit Card
Agreement in accordance with the conditions of the Credit Card Agreement in force upon at
Abc time of such ermination.

“As a general ale, he Seller may also termina the Credit Cad Agreement without the need
f giving any prior notice, in he event of () a detrioration of the Borrower's solvency,()
material breach by the Borrower of ls obligations under the Credit Card Agreement or any
thor product or service of the Seller, (ii) the provision ol insccurat or false data, (v) the
lack of use of the Card for a period excecding twelve (12) months, (4 when the use of the
Credit Card could lead to significant inercase in ho risk that the Borrower may be unable to
cet his/r payment obligation, (vi) an abusive o Faudulent use of the Credit Card, or (vi)
when the Borrower has excecded the Credit Limit by an amount equivalent to 140% thereof
In these cases, the relevant Borrower must immediately repay in ful! the outstanding debt
“úncluding accrued interests) under the Credit Card Agreement.

10


Despite the indefiite duration of he Credit Card Agreement, cach Credit Card has a set
expiry date, printed thercon and cannot be used aer the indicated date. Prior to the Credit
Cards expiry, the Seller issues a replacement Credit Car,

225. Amount ol the assets

Tas aggregate amount of he Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reccivabls transfrrd to
he Fund on the Fund Incorporation Date will be figure equal, or £ailing tha) s close as
possible, 1o EUR 550.000.000.

At any given time, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reccivables trnsfered o the
Fund during the life of lhe Fund shall not excced EUR 4.000.000.000 (the Maximum
Portfolio Amount)

The Management Company and the Seller may clect to modify such Maximum Portfolio
Amount parsuant to an amendiment to the Decd of Incorporstion in the terms set out in atico
24 of Law S/2015 and through the isue of the relevant Prospectus Supplement unless such
modification coincide wih a renowal of the Base Prospects).

224. Loan to value ratio or level of collaeralization
Nox applicable.

227. Asset creation method

Introduction

Wixink Bank, S.A. credit card business is inberied from former Wizink S.A and more

recenly from bancopopular<.com

Wizink Bank, S.A. is a fully regulated independent bank under supervision of Bank: of Spain
“and the Esropean Central Bank.

Wixink Bank S.A. credit card busines started back in 1992 and currently has more than 2.5

million customers he Spanish Market.

Ls position in the market has been achicved thanks toa specialist business model based on the
establishment of is line af business with independence from other baniing products and to
mark a difference with its competitors. The main differences arc the independence af the
business, the focus o credit cards as Financing methods and the use of direct sae channels as

distribution, among others



Credit risk management

a) Credit Risk Governance
As a fully regulated and supervised bank operating in the EU, Wizink has a strong risk
govermance framework based on the regular requirements and best market practices. The
bank has established the typical 3 lines of defense (risk management; risk monitoring and
Internal audi) structure 0 independenly define, manage, monitor and control risk level
Addiionally
related to Credit Risk in which metrics and Key Performance Idetificator (KPIs) are defined

th bank internal RAF (risk appetite framework) includes a specific section

and monitored. Furhermore, the bank submit 0 the ECB ts internal assessment of capital
(ICAA) in which a thorough analysis of capital adequacy of Uh bank is made in connection
o Ae risk including cdi) that Ahe bank is facing. In his exercise, stress tests a carried
related to the performance of the credit card ponolio in order to validate adequacy of current
levels of capital with hc regultor. Both, RAF and ICAA are approved at Board of Directos
vwbich assumes maximum responsibility in front of he regulator. These are reported o the

ECB om an amnval basis

From this point, credit sisk management ás embedded across the entire bank operational
structure being the departments more closely involved Credit Department (Credipolicis,
Collections Strategies, Collections, Credit Initistion and Fraud) and Strategic Decision and

Analysis (as responsible for he scoring model),

b) Operational structure
Wixink credit risk in managed rough its Credit Risk Department that is divided in the
following arcas
Credit Policy (19 FTE): it role is to define Cards risk policy for both new acquisition
“and ponia!
Collection Strategy (7 FTE): responsible to define the adequate Collections Policies

management with cai of profitble growing, ensuring ik quality

“and Strategy since th fr direct debi bounced until weie-of
Fraud (16 FTE): wilh he objective to reduce fraud losss to level compatible with
both needs of our customers and product proftabili.

Credit Intition (42 FTE): it manages th credit underwriting process in a cetalized
vray

Collections Group which is divided in in:house collections (178 FTE), Outsourced!
Collections (32 FTES) and Collections adminisraion (38 FTE),



Together with the Credit Risk Directo, total credit risk team is made of 332 professionals

rely involved in risk management of th credit cards portfolio.

Additional, as par oh bank's Strategic planning and decisions department, Wizink has a
specific tea devoted 10 the development, control, update and calibration of ts scoring and

internal models

+) Scoring models
Internal propricary scoring models is one of the key clements in Wizink's credit card
“approval process. The use of these models is essential to approve customers nd to assign the
initial credit limits and to eventual update them. The current model has been already

«operational or aver ó years

Tas results of he model are based on the assessment of economic and demographic variables
“Among the most significant variables are those that defin he profil of he customer, such as
age, marital status, gender, address, employment situation, time in employment and level of
income. Each variable has a specific weight and the final score obtained the Borrower is
elasificd in levels f risk: low, medium, mediumschigh and high. There are minimum scores
hat automatically prevent the approval of a credit lin. Similarly, there ás limit in the

numberof Borrowees that can reach high leve of ik

Tes ini

1 credit limi granted to a credit card depends muinly on sales channel, the type of

employment, the level of income and the level ofscoring obtained,

Scoring results ae monitored on x monthly basis so tis an essential 1001 in risk control
Additiomally tere is a quately review in which the performance o he model is assessed in
arder to re-calibrate based on behavior of the clients. The model isrecalibrated by contrasting
Ale default rates observed in the portfolio and ihe ststistial significance of the diferent
variables established and tho corclaion betwcen such variables and the degree of hits
obtained.

Credit limit monitoring and update is also caricd out through by credit department based on
score resulis In his analysis, he Key variables are those relative to the historial behavior of

Ae Borower such as: average and

al balance, balance variabili vintage of ho card,

degree ol relationship with the customer, average payment rate, times ruming OCLs or in



deta

use of card per type of transaction (purchases or cash wilhdeawals, EPPS which
means the conversion ol single purchase ora porton of the balance into fixed instalments,

ete. and frequency.

In this sense, to increase credit limi, a low or very low risk rating s required, and the

“amount of increase granted is related to he use and current limit oe cad.

Approval process and asignation of redil limits

1) Acquiring new customers: sales channels.

Wi

1k hos established a model to acquire new customers using a number of channels muinly
vita dire sales approach. A team of 38 people that work in the acquisitons arca manages
Alcse acquisition chammels. This arca controls hc relationship with the 9 direct sale agencies

lat Wizink has authorized with a network of more than 000 sales representives.

Wink muintains a comprehensive control policy, both in selection and in th relationship
between th agencies and thir sales representatives, who car out

+ Extensive vrificaion of the company prior to selection.
+ Initial amd peridical training courses

+ Onsite quality controls (mystery shopper) and monthly and quarely surveys to
+ Management and monitoring of risk indicators.

+ Management and monitoring of recoveics,

+ Ammualrevision programs.

+ Internal control tests o verify ey meet WiZink criteria

+ Periodical imemal audi

The main channels used o acquire new customers, in temas o new accounts (2016 EY” are:
+ Telesales: 39.13%.

+ Standsin shopping centers, airports and tai stations: 32.17%
+ Partnerships (CEPSA model): 22.17%
+ IntemmetandOtbers: 652%

lis worth to not that Wirink has no branches and does not criginate Eigble Credit Cards
through Banco Popular branches. The Fund will not purchase Reccivables originated by
Banco Popular



b) Approval process.
Ones the customer

“acquired but prior to he approval, a risk analysis is carried out. Wizink
evaluation and approval guidelines are included in their local and corporate policies

Funhermore, the emire decision-muling process (distribution, issue, risk management,
pontolio management, services and recoveries) is based on a fundamentally analytical and
disciplined perspective. Any exception that ás not included in ls procedures must be

documented for approval and monitoring by he exccutive management of the bank

Th evaluation and approval procedure follows the same guidelines for all customers,
alhough in some aspects like data verificacion, here might e variations depending on the

hannel through which he customer was acquired.

New acquisition are primarily deiven by new-to-bank customers through a new, flexible and!
robust application system (Power Curve by Experian) vith decision rule engine and process
How that con be quickly designed and deployed in order to deal with high volumes and take

“tomatic decision.

Additionaly, Power Curve has builiinfunctionaliis that allow us to use multiple scores, to
combine all applications and ineral variables in order to take automatic decisions, to

onneet om line with external interfaces and create champion challenger strategies

Tis credit cord issue approval phases are th following:

soducing data into the yate:
Two external data acquistion companies contrcted by Wisink carry out this task. The
“agencies acquiring customers emuil al spplicasion forms so ht they can e introduced to the
banks database. Wicink's credit ini

on unit caries out daily checks of the applicaions

introduced, daa quality and that th paper application form has been delivered o Wizink.

Applications must include ihe necessary documentation to procced to ihe correct
idemificaion of the customer and to cary out ts risk analysis. Curenty, the following is

(6) photocopy of 1D card or VAT 1D number, () application form signed by the

equi
customer (li) express authorization to check data at the Social Security Treasury (TGSS, in

Spanish) and at Asnef Equifa / Experian



Social Security erficaion and internal control:
AL the TGSS, Wizink verifcs ihat all customer applications reccived are included in is
database in ode to comply with cure legisltion to prevent money launderin. verfying
he information relative to economic activity (type of employment, name of the employer and

Standard Industrial Code of he employer)

At the same time, all new applications are crosschecked against he existing card database to
idemily existing customers and review all he informution including the customers payment
history. Depending on the response and based on the results of th verificaions al imernal

dsabases, he application can e automuticallyrjected or moved along the approval process.

Múnimum approval cies
In the next pase, cach spplicaion is examined to verify that lt mects the minimum criteria

established for cach scquistion channel

All Bomowers must satisy certain minimum economic and demographic characteristics to
obtain a credit line These characteristics can vary n relation to he type of card and the
employment status of the customer (employed or selfemployed). Some of ihe minimum

9 Minimum age forall types of cards: 22

o Maximum age: 70

0 Minimum salary between 5.000 — 10.000€ (gross annual income) fr all cards

o Employment situation: employcd, temporary workers and selfemployed, with a

minimum employment period ad retire (some exceptins according to income).

Scoring
Once minimum approval criteria are veificd, applications eter into a scoring process
Currenly the bank has separated score models based on channel: Telesales, Partner and

Malti-Channel (Transports, Commercial Center, Internet).

Check with existing negative credit burcaus in Spain: Asnef-Equifax and Experian. Wizink
aries out this venficaon directly.

Additional, all new applications are automatically crosschecked against the database that
system keeps with all the apps decided during th last weeks in order to detect potential fraud



ases and against hc Special Designated Nationals List, 1o carry out, amongst oxhers, checks
related to ant money laundering.

Finally, a sample of applications is verified to confirm that th information provided by

ustomer is rel, clarifydiscrepancios detected when comparing data with Social Security info
“and identify potential fraud. This is performed by external agencies specialized in telephone

verificaion

¡Second Score and Initial line assignment
Taroughout the approval procedure, and following the described scoring model, Wisink's
red department calulates, at cast on two occasions, he scoring and relative level obtained

oy cach customer

This phase is established to guaramtos that Ahe credit risk and associated cost of cuch

“application are covered by future expected income from cach application.

Initial line assigned based on channel, product, Score Brand and Income ranging from 500 to
6.000€.

VII, Manwal revision / automatic approsal:
Application is automatically approved by Ihe system or manually reviewed by certified
internal credit analyst based on: channel, employment circular, score model, internal customer

ag and veification Mag

+) Authorisations, approval capacity and credit limit monitoring
Wi

nl grans credit analyss with the necessary authority to approve request once they meet
Ale following criteria:

VWicink"s credit policy manual training.

A minimum employment in his role 0690 days

Satisactory compleion of 100 file revisions ei

Ae supervisor

¡Sutisactory compleion of 50 fil revision following the mansal

(Once these requisitos are met, supervisors request his power from risk managers for specific
analysis. Initially, this power s restricted for limit approvals o 3.000€ and no exception.

“An analyst with higher authority must approve requests that imply exceptins



Monitoring redi limit
Tas scoring model applicd periodically moniorssisk depending on the payment behavior af

the customer

allowing automatic actions on the credit limis of the credit cards. Thus,
úrovghout the life of he card its possible to:

d-  Inercas the limit: automatically, bascd on ihe behaviour of he card. This increase
an also derive from a specific request from the customer as long as al he previos
requisites are met.

li Reducethelimit monthly, to reduce the exposure of cera risk groups depending on
Ac raing he type o client and the information obtained from credit bus.

kl — Obtain an exceptional Over Credit Limit: the cord must be a east 3 months old and

hc customer must not be in any credit barcas.

There ae minimum requirements to increase the limi oh card. Specifically he card must

e a least six (6) months old, be active and without default must not be Over Credit Li

four (4) months must have clapsed since the las limit increase and here must be no negativo

data about the Borrowerán any credit instuion.

Tas results of the monthly credit line revision comespond to current criteria coded in the
Sellers systems (FICO TRIAD). In this way, changes applicd to Cards coincide wih the
insuction calculated by th system in accordance with th approved citria of sad polcis.
In the event that the Bormower requests the increase, the analysis must meet all he above.

Limit reduction take place to reduce risk exposure. The analysis is bascd on the Borrowers
observed behaviour, the type of customer (if there are oxher additional products) and any

negative data obtsined from credit instutions

Wi

als risk policies also include the possibility that he card is blocked or cancelle in the
event of he deterioraion oh solvency of the Borrower, the breach os obligtions or the

inactivity oh account

Th Credit Scoring department is responsible for the calibration of scoring models, their
monitoring and the control of the corret application of políics 10 such models: Statistical

and Credit Models Development and Management Arca, reporting to. Wizinks Strategic



decision Department. Separaion from Credit risk department is to grant funber independence

om the analysis and separate monitoring.

A) Modification and
Risk citrato approve/ deny credit cards and tir credit limits are updated periodically and

fte approval policies

ystematically meet the general economic situation. Likowise, and as has been detailed, credit
limits for cach credit card are revised and updated (applicable) automatically and!
periodicaly (monthly and quarery) depending on the cvolution of the Borrower's risk

profile

Tas approval model based on scoring systems was introduced in 2002 and therefore 1005 af
he Eligible Portfolio is based on the model described in this section. In any event, although
Ae approval model spplicd for any credit card was diferen the current credit limits aro
“subject to the sam monitoring and wpdating criteria current today and common for the entire

gros of credit cards.

Addiionaly, every 36 months and based on the operational process for card reneval,

verification is caried «ut on cach associated line of credit to confirm that it sl mects all the

coring criteria before the new card, valid for another 36 months, is issued

Approval and credit limit assignation criteria have been srengihened during the crisis to
mitigate the deteriration of the credit behavior af the new accounts during the crisi period,

These actions have been camicd ost taking ino consideraion the characteristics of the
diferent acquisition channels in relaion to th recent behavior of the new accounts and the
corresponding approval ratios For instance, approval has been limited in certain provinces in
certain channels of distribution, average job senoriy has been increased, minimum age has
cen increased, minimum scoring requirements have been increased, initial credit limits have

cen modifi (reduced) and scorings have been recalibrated

Collection administration and management.
Wizik caris out credit card administration through a tcam that coordinates the diferen
tasks with otbr depariments and with hoso service that have been subcontracted to Ahi
panes. Specifically the functions cuicd out imemally are: customer service, arcars

recovery, back-offie, dispute resolution, development of technological systems and suppor



Collections Strategy and operational model is supported by robust collections system with
wide range of functionaliics and decp level af data to analysis: Nexibiliy om account
allocation, strategy implementation and tracking, testing functionality, productivity indicators

per colletor, ete

Curterly here are almost 400 colector distributed in-housc and outsourced in thre diferent

agencies.

Administration activi currently subcontractod are: production af plastic cards and PIN
generation with Oberhur, printing of e
Emplasis

sto customers (ill debi moics, lam... with

Collection model
Collection strategy is based on 5 pillar: risk segmentatio, Intensty, Champior/Challengers

est, Miigation tools and external agency management

Arrcurs and recovery management
"he management of accounts in areas is caried out through diferen channels, combining

lc use of extemal agencies with th internal capabiiis of Wizink, To define th actions and

intensty of recovery claims, the risk profile of the Borrower is taken into considertion, as is

Ale historical behavior hat is included in internal scoring model.

Tas entity has a series of management tools or general collection. The use of those tools

depends om he degres al severity oh arca, and he response of he customer:
o Phone calls: automatic or made by an agent. Periodiity depends on the severiy of
Ale arcar
o Payment claim leters.
o Cenificd payment claim lets
o Phone messages
o Telegrams
o Extemal recovery agencies.

o Legalactión



Interaction betwcen internal and external collections cams is basiallydeiven by risk profile
of he Borrower (low, medium, high or very high) and time in arrcars (divided in monthly
uckets).

To monitor extemal agency performance, Wizink has implemented training and monitoring

“tratgios together with a Quality Monitoring rating model.

Wi

nl internal team decides the assignaion of clients to the diferen agencies depending
dm tt risk profile. Assignation follows a rotational basis and is established depending on
recovery success criteria. Furthermore, the 1cam defines recovery strategies by structring
lic in different levels that range From total recovery of arrcas, payment plans, miigaion
líos and, for extremo default case, partial condonation in exchange for the immediate

payment of a specific amount and/or the initiation f legal claims against th Borrower

Tas abi o withdraw is automatically blocked by the system the moment a Borrower s in
“arrars. This block s only removed when the customer puys th ful amount owed from the
Credit Cad. When the Card is in excess ol 90-day ares, the card is cancelled and the full
amount owed is requested, except f here is a standing agreement with Wizink. Lack of
payment oftho Minimum Amount areed in the Credit Card agreement is considered arears.

Tas percentage of recovery of th entity ús equal to 5.71%. Litigation is conducted for certain
“accounts according to minimum balance, and payment-contact history: process is conducted
y external agencies specialized in legal procccdings doing also phone collections in scarh of

an extrajudicial agreement

228. Indication of representations and wurrantics given to the Fund relating to the
ases

The Management Company reproduces below the representations and warantics that the
Seller shall make to the Fund in relaion to Hell, Credit Card Agreements and the
Reccivabls.

Each represcntaion and warranty shall e:

(a) made on the Fund Incorporaton Date in the Dee of Incorporation (with respect to
the transfer of Recelvables made thrcin and

(0) deemedto be repeated on ach Purchase Date (vih respect to transfer of Receivables
made therin)

160


LE, ut any time ate the applicable Purchase Date, the Seller or the Management Company
becomes aware ht any of the represenations and warranticsrefrrd to in his section 22.8
“and relating to any of the Purchascd Reccivables was false or incorrect by reference to the
facts and circumstances existing om the date on which the said representacion r warranty vas.
made, then section 22.9 of the Additional Building Block shall apply

228. — Representations of he Seller in ts own respect:

(a) Status: ivis a bank duly incorporated and valialy existing under Spanish law, duly
registered with the Bank of Spain s a bank:

(b) — Comsents: 1 has obtained or made all necessary licences, permi, regisrations,
consents and approvals necessary to conduct its business as currently conducted, to
hold the reccivabls that can bo purchased by the Fund and to ener into the Master
Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement and to full ts obligtios hercunder:

(<) — Powers and Authorisations: he documents which contain or establish hs
constitution include provisions which give power, and all necessary corporate
“suhority has been obtained and action taken for itto sign and deliver, nd perform is
bligaions under the Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement

(4) — Noreviolation: ncther th signing and delivery of he Programme Documents to
which its a pursy nor dh performance ol any of the transations contemplated in any
them does or will contravene or constitute a default under, or cause to be excceded,
any limitation on it or the powers of tsdirectrs imposed by or contained

(6) amy las, licences or her auhorisation by which it or any of is assets is
bound or affected

6) iisbylans or
(Gi) amy agreement to which its a party or by which any of lts or their assess
bound;

(c) — Insolveney Procedures: it is-not subject to insolvency procecdings within the
meaning of the Insolveney Law

(6) Litigation: to the best of its Knowledge no litigation, arbltation o administrative
proceeding or claim is presenly in progress or, pending or threatened against is
likely to adversely afíct in any material reset its ability to perform its obligaions
vndertho Programme Documents o which itis a party:

(£) — Obligations Binding: subject only o applicable bankruptey,insolvency, moratorim.
reorganisation or other similar Laws affecing the enforcement of rights of creditos
generally and general principles of applicable law resrcting he enforcement of
bligaions, lus obligations under the Master Reccivables Sale and. Purchase:

168


Agreement are valid and binding on it and enforccable aguint it in accordance wit
tbcir respective tem:

(6) Corporate interest: The Seller has entered into the Master Reccivables Sale and
Purchase Agreement al an amn's length basis and for good and valuable consideraion.
“and the Seller belicves and has reasonable ground for believing that concluion by
tb Seller of ho Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement wosld benefit
and vos be init Coporate interest; and

(y Information provided by the Seller: The Seller accepis responsibiliy for the
information set out in sections 22.119 227 (both inclusive) and 3. o the Additional
Building Block of he Base Prospectus and he equivalent information provided in th
context of ho issue of cach Note Serics with respect to isc or ho Reccivables, To
the best ol ts knowledge and belió (having taken al! easonable careto ensure that
such is hc case), such information ste and accurate in all material respect and aro
in accordance vih th fact.

2282. Representation of the Seller with respect to the Credit Card Agreements
“and the Reccivables Eligbility Criteria

The Seller has represented and warranted that on any Effective Purchase Date in the context
of Adaitional Transfers, and on any Effective Purchase Date in the comext of Initial
Transfers, the Credit Card Agreements and the Reccivables shall comply with hc following
Ebiibilty Criteria:

(a) im content of Initial Transfers and/or Additional Transfers he General lii
Criteria: and.

(0) — addiionally in the context of Initial Transers (only), hc Specific Eigbiliyy Criteria.
General Eligbiliy Criteria and Specific Eliibiiy Criteria

The Gencral Eliibiliy Criteria shall apply to the Initial Transfers and the Addiional
Transfers. The Specific Eligibility Criteria hall apply to tbe Initial Trasters (oy),

General Eligbiliy Criteria of the Credit Card Agreements

(a) — Each Credit Card Agreement has been executed pursuan o, and in compliance wit,
tb applicable provisions of Spanish Iegisiaion and all hr applicable legal and
regulatory provision, including but not limited all applicable anti-money Isunderin
legisltion.

(0) — Each Credit Card Agreement has been entered ino betwcen the Seller and one
Eligible Bormower lsble fo ho full payment of corresponding Reccivable

162


(o

0)

(o

0

5)

0)

Each Credit Card Agreement is documented on the basis of the terms and conditions
“applicable for the card, in force from time to time and deries from the Standard
Forms (Reglamentos) of Seller

Each Credit Card Agreement s governed by Spanish law and any related claim is
subject o the juisdition o the Spanish competent court.

Esch Credit Card Agreement complics in all material respect with the applicable
provisions of the Consumer Credit Legisluion and sl! other applicable egal and.
regulatory provisios, including, but not limite to, where applicable, th provisions
of Law 16/2011 and its developing regulations and or Law of Repression of Usury
(Ley de 23 de julio de 1908, de la Usura) (the Law of Repression of Usury), in
granting cach Credit Card Agreoment the Seller has complicd with all pre-contract
requirements set ost in anicies $ ct seg. of Law 16/2011 and no Credit Card
Agreement contains any abusive clases (ldusulas abusivas) for the purposes of Law
112007, af 16 November, on Consumers and Users Protection (Texto Refundido de la
Ley General para la Defensa de Consumidores y Usuarios y otras Leyes
complemenaria)

For ese purposes, Consumer Credit Legisltion means all he applicable consumer
laws and regulations govering the Credit Card Agreement, including, without
limitaion Royal Legislativo Decree 1/2007, of 16 November, approving the
Consolidated Text of the General Consumer and user protection law and other
omplementary Laws, as amended,restated or supplemented rom timo to timo.

Each Credit Card Agreement constitues legal, valid, binding and enforceable
bligaions of he relevant Borrower in accordance with its respective terms in all
material respects against the relevant Borrower (subjet to applicable bankrupicy.
insolvency, Ímoratorium, reorgamisation or other similar laws afíecting the
enforcement of igs of creditrs generally and gencral principles o applicable Law
restricting the enforcement of obligations or providing for borrower let.

No Credit Card Agreement contains confidemility povisions wbich may restrict the
Fand's exercise of ts rights as owner of Reccivables.

No Credit Card Agreement requires the Borrower's consent to bo obtained in relation
to atransler of any Reccivabls hereunder

¡General Eibiliy Criteria the Receivables

0)

0)

Each Roccivable exists, was originaed in th ordinary cours of the Sellers business
and derivos from a Credit Card Agreement which complics with the “General
Eligibiliy Criteria of the Credit Card Agreements”

Esch Reccivable was originated in accordance with the Sellers Credit Policies
described in section 22.7 of the Additional Building Block.

163


(o

0)

(o

0

5)

0)

w

")

wo

w

tm)

tm

Esch Reccivable constitute, without limiation and in respect of th relevant
Borrower, the obligaon to pay the relevant amount due, and such obligation is
enforccable in accordance wih the temas of the corresponding Credit Card
Agreement in all material respecis (subject 10 applicable bankruptey, insolvency
moratorium, reorganisation or other similar laws afecting the enforcement of rights
of creditors generally and general principles of applicable law resticing the
enforcement o obligations or providing for borrower rec)

The Reccivable coresponds lo an amount which will be due and payable by the
Borrowerin accordance with the Credit Card Agreement

Prior to lts transito the Fund, the Seller has fall and unencumbered legal ti to
och Reccivable and tn right to dispos treo

The Seller is the sole holder of he Reccivable and did not purchase it or acquir
cllicrwise from third party.

Each Reccivable is ree and car of any right hat could be exercise by third parties
against he Seller, orto Fund,

No Reccivable is subject to restrictions on ransfrabiliy

The payment of cach Reccivable is not subject to the performance of any
“administrative action or step. or to the cxccution of any document of any Kind.
whatsocver, or to any formal, cithr prior to or after the purchase of such
Reccivable, which has no already been carried out or oblained,

Each Reccivable is denominated and payable only in EUR.

Each Reccivable is nt subjec, cier totally or parall, to transfer, delegtion or
pledge, attachment, claim or encumbrance of whatever type which would constate
an impediment to the purpored transfer

To the best knowledge of ihe Seller, no Reccivable has been disputed by the
corresponding Borrower on any ground whatsocver.

AI information which are provided by the Seller to the Fund with respect to the
Reccivable is, in all material respect tre, accurate and complete.

The information contained in and attached to cach Sale Offer docs not contain any
statement which is untruo, miicading or insccurte in any material respet

Specific Eligibilioy Crieria with respect 1 he Credit Card Agreements

Each Credit Card Agreement

164


0)

0)

0)

0)

as bn entered into at cast one (1) month prior to the Purchase Date of
Reccivables ariing from such Credit Card Agreement in the context of an
Initial Transfer (unless such Credit Card Agreement result rom a permitted.
“amendment to an existing Credit Card Agreement) an cach Reccivable has
already given rise to hc cfectve and full payment of at least one instalment
hy the Borower before the Purchase Date.

is in full force and cffct and there is mo right or enttlement of any kind for
Ac non-payment of any amount due in respect of the Receivable when du.

is a Credit Card Agreement with espect to which he Seller has performed all
abligations required to be performed by it thercundor in order for the
comesponding Borrower to be obliged to pay the Reccivable arising
Abecfrom: ad

is a Credit Card Agreement as to wbich neiher the Seller nor the
comesponding Borrover is in breach of lts material terms and which has not
een contestd by the Seller or the corresponding Borrower (o having been
conteted, such petition is ftivolous or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or
dismissed within 30 days of commencement).

Specific Eligibilioy Criteria with respecto the Receivables

(a) — As at ts Purchase Date, no Reccivable is subject to any amicable or contentics
recovery proceeding and the Seller has not begun a termination claim with respect to
the relevant Credit Card Agreement for a breach by the Borroweris) of ls (cid)
bligaions under the terms of such Credit Card Agreement or at the occurrene af an
event af default howsocver described under the Credit Card Agreement including.
“amongst others hings, with respect to he timely payment of amounts du.

(b) No procedures adverse to the Fund have been used by the Seller in selectng the
Reccivables in th context of Initial Transfers from its portfolio.

(6) — No Credit Card is clasifcd as a Defauted Credit Card, Non-Compliant Credit Card
or Delinquent Credit Card on the relevant Purchase Date of the Roccivables,

Amendments 10 the Eigibilioy Cieria

Tas General

igibiley Criteria and the Specific Eligibility Criteria applicable to ho Credit

Card Agreements and the Reccivables may be modificd from time £o lime by agreement
etwcen th Seller and the Management Company on bebalf of the Fund in the following
«ircumstances (only:

(a) such amendment is made in accordance vith the Seller's Credit olicis (and aplica
to he comparable segment of Credit Card Agreements owned by the Seller and which

have characteristics the same as or substant

1 similar o the Credit Card Agreement

165


from which the Purchased Receivables drive) and in compliance with any applicable
laws and regulations; or

(b) such amendmentis mude to ake into account any permite amendient to the Credit
Card Agreement made in accordance wi, and subject to section 3.3.1.10 af the
Additional Building Block,

subject to prior writen notice given to the Relevant Rating Agencies and the Management
Company and provided that such amendment shall not result in the downgrade or the
vvithdrawal of tbc then current ratings af the then outstanding Rated Notes by any of the
Relevant Rating Agencies, wnles such modification límits any such downgrade that might
result independemly of th proposed amendments

For ose purposes
Defaulted Credit Card means any Credit Card:

(a) — corresponding to a Credit Card Agreement in respect of which, cight (8) or more
consccutive Instalments are in arears

(0) — in espect of which the Credit Card Agreement has been determined as wrie-of by
the Seller prior to the expry of he period efered to in (a) above;

(<) — corresponding to a Credit Card Agreement whose Borrower has been declared
insolvent

provided that for the avoidance of doubt, the classification of a Defaulted Credit Card shall
e irrevocable

Delinquent Credit Card means any Credit Card (which is not classified as Defauted Credit
Card) with more than 30 days in arrars of the sums due and payable in accordance with the
terms of the corresponding Credit Card Agreement unles the payment defered has been
“boris by th Seller in accordance with the Servicing Policies

ible Borromer means person:

(a) — who is an individual of legal age and, to the best of ho Seller's knowiedge, with full
capacity to entr into contracts and comply with his/her obligationsthereunder;

(b) who was a resident in Spuin on the signing date of the Credit Card Agreement and
whose most recent biling address is located in Spain as at he Purchase Dat:

(<) — who has signed a Credit Card Agreement in is own behalf and lis capacity as
consumer within the meaning se ot in article 2.1 of Law 16/2011; and

(4) — whois notan employec of the Seller.

166


Non-Compliant Credit Card means a Credit Card composed in par or in full of Non-
Complian Reccivable(s) and which is notan Incligible Credit Card

Ineligible Credit Card means a Purchased Reccivable of which has been (or will e) sube
o an amendment,varstion or waiver not mitigted by the payment of a Seller Diluion in
accordance wih section 33.110 (cJú), and elected to be repurchased by the Si
“accordance with section 3:.1.10 (cJú).

Performing Credit Card means any Credit Card other than a Defauted Credit Card.

225. Default of Conformity of the Reccivables
Warranties

Breach of Representations and

229.1. Breuch of Eligibilty Criteria and remec
(a) — General Provisions

When consenting to acquire the Eligible Reccivables on cach Purchase Date, the
Management Company. acting for and on behalf of the Fund, will take ino
consideration, as an essential and determining condition for ls consent, the Sellers
representlions and warrantics.

The Management Company will verify the compliance of certain or sll of the
Reccivables xi part or all of the Eligibiliy Criteria st the latest on the Selection
Date with respect to Initial Transfs in an appropriste manner to ensure such
compliance. No verficsion shall be made by the Management Company in relation
o Rescivables transerred in the context of Additional Transcrs ln any event, the
responsibility for the non-compliance of the Reccivables transfered by the Seller to
Ac Fund with the Eigibiliy Criteria as at the applicable Purchase Date, lt
time remain with the Seller only (and the Management Company shall under no.
eircumstance be lible therefor) and the Management Company will herefore rely
only om he representations made, and on th warrantics given, by the Seller regarding
ose Purchased Reccivables

(b) — Remediosin case of non-compliance

1 the Management Company or the Seller becomes aware for any reason whutsocver
ba the () any of the representatios or warrantics given or made by the Seller in
ration 10 the Purchased Reccivables (holh in the context of Initial Transfers or
Additional Transfers) were false or incorrect on th relevant Parehase Date or () one.
dr several Eliibilty Criteria were mot met on the relevant Purchase Date, the
Management Company or the Seller, as applicable, will prompdy inform the other
any of such non-compliance by providing u leter containing an electronic list wit
tc Non-Compliant Reccivables

167


The Seller undentakos to remedy such non-compliance by repurchasing such Non
Complian Reccivables, together with, applicable, ny cer outstanding Purchased!
Reccivablesarisen from the same Credit Card Agreement so that the total balance
under th relevant Credit Card Agreement is repurchased, under the following.
conditions

(6) tte repurchase shall be made on any Repurchase Date prior Lo the second!
Cut-O4f Date following the date on which the non-compliance of that Non-
Compliant Reccivable was notified by a pany to the other party (with
economic efect betvcen the Sellrand the Fund from thc relevant Efectivo
Repurchase Date, from which the Seller shall be enticd to any amownts of
principal, interest, oes , default interest (f applicable), penaltis, Insurance
Indemificaions and any other related payments received from te
corresponding Repurchased Reccivables as of the relevant Repurchase Date)

(i) Tie amount payable by the Seller (Non-Compli
vil be equal to:

int Repurchase Amount)

(A) — the then aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of cach Non-
Compliamt Reccivable and amy other outstanding. Purchased
Receivables aisen from hc same Credit Card Agreement plus

(8) — any accrued and unpaid outstanding interest terco until (but
excluding) the Effective Repurchase Date,

as of such Elictive Repurchase Date. Payment will be cifected om the
immediately following Calculation Dat

In order to achieve coruimy of the date of the retransfer of the Non-Compliant
Reccivables fr the purposes o article 1,526 of the Civil Code, on a monthly basis
applicable) the Management Company vil eleconically forward o the CNMV the
data file regarding Mhe repurchased. Reccivables using the CIFRADOCICNMV
service, They will e reported inthe CIFRADOC with negative sign.

Nowwitkstanding the above, if at any time and for any reason, the Management
Company is umble to use the CIFRADOCICNMV service, the Seller and the
Management Company will appcar before the Spanish Notary designsted by the
Seller for the purposes of aising lo the status of a Spanish Public Document any
repurchase of Receivables made hereunder (provided Ihat all cost and expenses
rising from any such notariatoos shall be borne by the Seller)

1 tb Seller is unable to repurchaso according to Mhe above, the Fund will keep
“ounership of the relevant Non-Compliant Reccivables and any other Purchased
Receivables aising from such Non-Compliant Credit Cards, and the Seller shall
indemmióy the Fund in an amount equal to the Non-Compliant Repurchase Amount
on the applicable Calculation Date.

18


(o

22,0.

Any Non-Complian Repurchase Amount paid to the Fund in accordance with th
above will he exclusively allocated to the Fund and be credited to the Treasury
“Account and form pat of the Available Coliections.

In addition, and in any case, the Seller shall indermnify in full and hold harmless the
Fund from and against any and all damages and claims (whether or not successful,
compromised or settled), actions, demands, proceedings or judgments which may be:
insútuted, made, hreatened,allegod,assered o established from time 10 time in any
jurisiction intiated by the Borrowers or ny successorsthercrom in connection with
he Non-Complian Reccivables and from all damages which the Fund may slfer or
incur from time to time (including all costs and expenses reasonably incured in the
defence of the interes of the Fund, and any direct and indirect tax implications that
such indemnity payment may trigger for the Fund including, but not limited 10, any
«corporate income tax tt shall be levied on the Fund as a consequencs of collecting
such amous)

For these purposes, Non-Compliant Reccivable means any Purchased Reccivable
vwbich docs not comply vih Eligibilty Criteria on the relevant Purchase Dat.

Limits o he remedis in cas of non-conformiy

Tis remedios set out in his section 22,9 ae he solo remedios avsilabl to the Fund!
in respect of the non-compliance of any Purchased Reccivable with the Eligibiliy
Criteria. Under no cireumstance may the Management Company request an additional
indemmity from the Seller relaing to a breach oÉ any such represenations or

To he extent int any los aises usa sesul of a mater which s not covered by those.
representtions and warratics, the loss will remain with he Fund. ln particular, but
without limitation, the Seller hs given and will give no warray as to the ongoing.
solvency of the Borrowers of the Purchased Reccivabls,

Funhicrmore, the representasions and warrantis given or made by the Seller in
relation 10 the compliance of the Reccivables with the Eligibiliy Criteria shall not
ent the Noteholders to asser any claim diecy against the Seller, hc Management
Company having the exclusive competence under Law 5/2015 o represent the Fund,
“and more generally, the Fund as against third paris and in any legal proccedings.

Insurance policies in relation to the Reccivables

The Seller has not emered ino any insurance policy in relation o the Reccivables
(without prejudice to its potential designtion as beneficiary under the possible
Insurance Políccs entered into by the Borrowers as described in soction 22 above
under the hcading "Insuranee”)

169


23.

24.

22.11. Information on the debtors where the sccuritized assets include obli
five or fewer debtors which are legal persons, or ia single debtor accounts for
more than 20% of the asset, or where a single debtor accounts for a material
portion of the assets

Nox applicable.

22:12. Details of the relatiomshi, if it is material to the issue, between he Fund,

guarantor and obligor

No relationship exists between the Fund, the Management Company and the other
ani to the Pa
Document

ramme, other than those listed in section 52 of his Registration

22.13. Where the ussets comprise fixed income securitics, description of the principal
terms and conditions

Nox applicable.

22.14. Where the assets include equity securtis, description o the principal terms and
conditions

Nox applicable.

22.15. Where more than 10% of the securiized assets comprise equity securitics that
are mot traded on a regulated or equivalent market, a description of (he
principal terms and conditions

Nox applicable.

22:16. A valuation report setting out the valuation of the real property and the cash
Mow / income streams fun important part of he assets is backed

Nox applicable.
Actively managed pool ofassts backing he isue.

"Tse Management Company vil not carry out an active management (gestión activa) of the
“sets oe Fund as this is described in aniclo 21.1) of Law 5/2015,

Where the Fund proposes lo issue further securities backed by the same assets, a
statement to that effect and description of how the holders of that class will be
informed

Nox applicable.

3. STRUCTURE AND CASH FLOW



3d.

Description of the structure ol the transaction including, if necessary, a disgram.

Schematic Diagram of th transaction

Anitil balance sheet of he Fund.

Below is included the initial balance shoct of the Fund as of the Disbursement Date o he fist
Note Series issued by the Fund. For the purposes of this balance shcct lt has been assumed
lat () the ageregate amount of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reccivables
transferred o the Fund on the Fund Incorporation Date will be a figure equal or (falling that)
as close as possible, to EUR 550.000.000 and (li) hc 2017-1 Class A Notes and the 2017-1
Class C Notes are folly subscribe,

m


ASE J ES (EUR)
50.00.00.

Reccivables ssued Notes
Class A seres 2OITD1 ASADO DO
Class C series 2O1TO! 67.700.000,
SIcE se 1200.00
General Reserve

¡General Reserve Amount sarao vraatcd Facto SA1200

[Class A General. Reserie

[rl 513,200

[Class E General. Reserie o

Ledger.

[Comm Reserve Commingling Reserve

Amount 5250.00 | subordinated Facility 0250000
Expenses
¡Subordinated Facility 0100900

TOTAL 61703200 TOTAL 56763200

3.1.1. Operation of the Fund.
Pursuant to the Decd of Incorporation the rights of the Notcholders to reccivo payments of
incipal and intrest on the Notes of any Note Seris will be determined in accordance with
le relevat period oh und as described below)

312. Periods of the Fund

Tas periods of the Fund ar:

(a) the Programme Revolving Period:

Programme Revolving Period means the period which will start on the Fund Incorporation

Date (included) and will terminate on the Payment Date (excluded) immediately following.
lc ccurence of

(6) a Revolving Termination Event: or
Gi) am Accelerted Amortisation Event

m


During the Programme Revolving Period, the outstanding Note Series muy be in thcir Note
Series Non-Amortisation Period or, us the case may be, in thcir Note Series Amortisation
Period and sl ho Notes payments shall be made in accordance with th Interest Priority of
Payments and the Principal Priority of Payments.

(6) — the Programme Amortsation Period:

Programme Amortistion Period means the priod which ws

6) start on the Payment Date (inclusive) immediately following the occurrence of 4
Reolving Termination Event:

(io end on the Payment Date immediately following the occurence of an Accelerated
Amortisaion Event

Daring the Programme Amortation Period, all Note Series shall be in their Note Serios
Amorisation Periods and all the Notes payments shall be made in accordance with the
Interest Priority of Payments and the Principal Priority of Payments.

(6) the Programme Accelerted Amortisaion Period,

Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period means the period which will start on the
Payment Date (inclusive) following the date on which an Accelerated Amortistion Event
Vsccurs and end on he carter o:

(6) the Payment Date on which al Notes are redccmed in full or
(io the Puri Liquidation Date

Daring the Programme Acceleated Amortisaion Period, all Note Series shall e in their Noto
Series Amortisation Periods and all the Notes payment sal be made in accordance with the
AcccleratedPririy of Payments

3.13. Revolving Termination Events and Acclerated Amortisation Events.
(a) — Revolving Termination Events

Daring the Programme Revolving Period, a Revolving Termination Event will be deemed to
have occurred if during the Programme Revolving Period (as long as any Rated Notes is
outstanding)

(6) om amy Calculation Dat, the Management Compuny has determined that for the third
(8) consecutivo Payment Dat, the Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is to
remain in debi on the next Payment Dat aftr the application of he Interest Priority
of Payments; or

m


(io omany Calculation Date, the Management Company has determined that () any Class
“A Notes of any Note Seris remain outstanding and (the credit balance o he Class
“A General Reserve Ledger will e les than the Class A General Reserve Minimum
“Amount on the next Payment Date afcr the spplicaion of th relevant Priority of
Payments; or

(Gi) on any Calculation Date, he Management Company has determined that) all Clase
“A Notes of any Noto Serios have been redecmed in full and () any Class B Notes of
any Note Series remain outstanding and (ii) the credit balance of the Class General
Rescue Ledger will be loss than the Class B General Reserve Minimum Amount on
hi nx Payment Date air the applicaion of the relevant Priority of Payments; or

(07) tte fact that for the ll consecutivo Payment Dates the Unapplicd Revolving Amount
standing at the Treasury Account excceds 15 per cent. (15%) of the aggregato
Principal Amount Outstanding of ll Note Series on such date (a Purchase Shoríall

(0) the failure to appoint a Replacement Service within sity (60) calendar days añer the
ccunence of a Servicer Termination Event; or

(vi) A occurence of Seller Event ol Defasl
The Revolving TerminationExens sha only apply any Rated Notes emuin outstanding

Following the occurrence of a Revolving Termination Even, the Programme Revolving
Period shall end and the Management Company shall declare th beginning of the Programme
Amorisaion Period which shall commence on the Payment Date immedistcly following the
ate on which such Revolving Termination Event has occured, The Management Company
shall noúfy the opening of the Programme Amotisstion Period by means of relevant fact
(hecho relevante).

(b) — Accelerted Amortation Events

Daring the Programme Revolving Period or the Programme Amortistion Period and as long
as Rated Notes are outstanding, an Accelerated Amortisaion Event will be deemed to have
“occurred if any of he following events takes place:

6) a failure by th Fund o pay interest due in respec amy Class A Notes ol any Note
Series o, if he Class A Notes of all Note Seres have been redccmed in full, falo
y the Fund to pay interest due in respect of any Class B Notes of any Note Series mot
remedied within five (5) Business Days from the relevant Payment Date; or

(Gi) when its or will become unlawfl for the Fund to perform or comply with any o ts
material obligations under or in espect of the Notes; or

m


0)

0)

mm

failure by the Fund to redcem six (6) months prior to the relevant Notes Final Legal
Maturiy Date any Class A Notes oh relevant Note Series or, if he Class A Notes
af all Note Series have been redeemed in ful, of any Class B Notes of the relevant
Noe Series or

he Management Company procceds to liquidate the Fund following hc occurrenc
af Fund Liquidation Event; or

on any Calcultion Date, 1he Management Company has determined that the
aggregate of

(A) thesumor

the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Parchased Reccivables
(excluding the Non-Compliant Receivables) under the Performing.
Credit Cande as of Abe immedistely prior CurOff Date to such
Calculaion Date plus

the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Parchased Reccivables
ransferred in the context of Initial Transfers on the Purchase Date
rior o the Calculaion Date minus

the Outstanding Principal Balances of any outstanding Purchased
Reccivable (other than those derving from Default Credit Cards
or Non -Compliant Credit Cards) repurchased by the Seller on such
Calcularion Date;

(8) — the Unapplicd Revolving Amount as of the next Payment Date immediately
following such Calculstion Date (alter the applicaion of te Priority of
Payments) and

(C) the amounts standing to th credit of the Treasury Account corresponding to
principal colletins as of the next Payment Date immedistely following such
Calculation Date (after the application of he Priority of Payment),

is less than the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Note Series as of the Payment
Date immedistely following such Calculation Date (taking into account any
edemption or isuance ol Note Series to be made betwcen am or before the next
Payment Date), multiplicd by the sum of () one (1) and (1) the Required Seller
Shar,

The Management Company shall cause all (but not some) Notes of any Class to
become immediately due and repayable, whereupon ley shall without furor
formality become immedistely due and payable at their Principal. Amount
Outstanding, togthr with interest acrued 10 the date of repayment, a of the date on
wwbich a copy of such notice for payment is reccived by the Paying Agent, f an

”s


Acceleated Amortisaion Event sal occur, unless prior to the rccipt of such notice
he Accelerated Amonisation Event in respet of the Class A Notes of any Note
Series o, if the Class A Notes of all Note Series have been redeemed in ful, the
Class B Notes o any Note Seres, or fe Class A Notes and the Class B Notes of al!
Noe Sercs have been redocmed in ful, ho Class C Notes of any Noto Series, shall
ave been cue,

Upon ihe oscumence of an Accelerated Amortisation Excnt, the Programme
Revolving Period or the Programme Amortisation Period, as the case may be, shall
end and he Programme Accclerated Amortistion Period hall start on the Payment
Date immediately following the day on which such Accelerted Amorisation Event
has occurred. The Management Company shall notify he opening of the Programme
Accclerated Amoniation Period by means of a relevant fac (hecho relevante),

3.1. Periods of any Note Series

Each Note Series shall be structure with a non-amorsation period (the Note Series Non-
Amortisation Period) and an amortsation period (the Note Serios Amortisation Period)

(a) Note Series Non-Amortisaion Period

Th Note Serios Non-Amontisation Period of a given Noto Series shall start on he applicable
Issue Date (included) and shall terminate on the Amortisation Starting Date (excluded) of
such Note Series.

Dating a Note Series Non-Amortisation Period, the holders of the Notes of such Note Series
hall receive only interest payments only in accordance with the Interest Priority of Payments.

For ose purposes

Amortisation Starting Date means, vih respect to any outstanding Note Sercs, the caricr
fte following dates:

(6) the applicable Scheduled Amontistion Starting Date; and

(io the Payment Date immediately following the occurence of a Revolving Termination
Event oran Accelerated Amontisaton Event

Scheduled Amortiation Starting Date or Note Series 20xx-yy Scheduled Amortis
¡Starting Date means, with respect 1o any Note Seris, the Payment Date on which the Notes
f such Note Seris shall tar amortising on cach applicable Payment Date, The Scheduled
Amorisaion Starting Date shall be specific in the applicable Isuing Document for the Clase
“A Notes, the Class E Nos and th Class (Notes

m6


(b) Note Series Amortisation Period

"he Note Series Amortsation Period of a given Note Series shall start on the applicable
Amorisation Staring Date (included) and shall end on the carir of (included) of () the
Payment Date on which the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of such Note Series
vil be reduced to zero (0) including following the exercise of he optional cary redemption
"oy the Seller), (he Notes Final Legal Maturity Date of such Note Serie and ii) be Fund
Liquidation Dat.

Dating the Note Series Amortisation Period, the holders of the Notes of such Note Series
hall recive interes and principal payments on cach Payment Date in accordance vih the
“applicable Priority of Payments

The Scheduled Amortiation String Date, the Note Series 20xx-yy Call Dat(s) any) and
hc Notes Final Legal Maturity Date oa given Note Series shall e specific in he relevant
Issuing Document

315. Periods ola Notes Series and Periods of the Fund

During the Programme Revolving Period, the outstanding Note Series muy bs in their Note
Series Non-Amontisation Period or, s the case may be, in thcir Note Series Amortisaion
Period. During the Programme Amortistion Period, al! Note Series shall e in thr Note
Series Amonistion Periods (imespectie of their respective Scheduled Amortisation Starting
Date and their Note Series 20xx-yy Call Dae(s),

During the Programme Acceleated Amortisaion Period, all Note Series shall e in their Noto
Series Amortisation Period (rtepective of their respectivo Scheduled Amortisation Starting
Date and their Note Series 20xx-yy Call Dae(s),

31.6. Issuances of Note Series
Solong as

(a) the Initial Note Series Issuance Conditions Precedent set out in section 4.12. of he
Securities Note have been satisfied, the Fund may isuc, upon decision of the Seller,
ne or several Note Serie on hc Fund Incorporation Date; and

(b) the Further Note Series Issuance Conditions Precedent set out in section 4.121. he
Securities Note have been satsfcd, the Fund may isuc, upon decision of the Seller,
“itional Noto Series on cach Issue Date until he end of the Programme Revolving.
Period. The Fund is not required to prmit any prior review by or to obtain the
consent of any Noteholder of any outstanding Note Sercs to isue any additional
Note Series

317. Issuance Procedure

Tas procedure for he issue of fumbher Note Serios et out in the Secuitics Not,

m


32

33

3.8.  Prospectus Supplement and Issuing Document

Tas requisitos in relation to the Esuing Document and Prospectus Supplements are et out in
the Securitics Not.

Description of the entities participating in the issue and description of the duties to be
performed by them

Tas emtitics paicipating in the Programme and a description of their dutics can be found in
sections 5.2 0f the Registration Document and 3.1 o he Securities Note.

The Management Company, on behalf of and or the account of he Fund, will proceed on the
Fund Incorporaion Date 10 execute the Decd of Incorporaion and the Master Reccivables
Sale and Purchase Agrsement, nd to entr into ho agrecments that are summurized nh
Base Prospectus.

"The Management Company declars that hc summary descriptions of those agreements (he
Programme Documents) contained in the relevant sections of this Base Prospecta, contain
Ale most important and material information on cach of the agreements and

fair view of cir content, and no information that might affect the contents of he Base.
Prospectus has been omited

true ad

Description of the method and date of the sae,
asset, or of any right and/or obligation in the assets o the issuer

iramser, novation, assignment ol the

33: General framevork

Daring the Programme Revolving Period, the Programme Amortisaion Period and the
Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period, the Fund shall purchase from the Seller the
Eliible Reccivablesarising from the Credit Card Agreements and the Seller shall transfer th
Eliible Reccivables arisng from Credit Card Agreements in th context of Additional
Transfers

Daring the Programme Revolving Period and th Programme Amortisation Period, the Fund!
shall purchase from the Seller she Eligible Reccivables arising from the Credit Card
Agrcements and the Seller shall make its reasomable efloris to transfer the Elgible
Reccivables aisng rom Credit Card Agrecmentsin the context of Initial Transfers.

33:11. Initial Transfers and Additional Transfers

(a) — a Receivableoriginated under Credit Card Agreement is decmed to be the subject of
an Initial Transfer when, prior o the contemplated transfer, the Seller is the sole
owner of al smowmts due under all outstanding Reccivables under such Credit Card
Agreement: and

me


(b) — a Receivableoriginated under a Credit Card Agreement is decmed to be the subject of
an Additional Transfer when, prior to the comtemplated transfer, a Reccivable under
the same Credit Card Agreement has already been subject to an Initial Transfer (and!
sil the outstanding Purchased Reccivable(s) deriving from such Credit Card
Agreement has(ve) not en repurchascd by the Seller or rescinded),

Transfer of Eigible Reccivabls in the contest of an Initial Transfer shall only occur during
ii Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortiation Period. Conversely,
transfer of Eligible Reccivables in the context of Adilonal Transfers shall occur during the
Programme Revolving Period, the Programme Amortisation Period and the Programme.
Accelerated Amoniation Period.

The verificaion of atributos of the Reccivables by an auditor in the context of Initial
Translers of he Reccivables assigned to hc Fund are subject to annual audi

33.12. Receivables Purchase Procedure

bles

(a) — Conditions Precedent to the Purchase of Rec

(6) Te Management Company shall, on the basis of he information or data
received from the Seller or the Service (as the case may be), very hat the
Conditions Precedent to he Purchase of Reccivables ar satisfic on he Fund
Incorporation Date and, subsequenly, as of each Elfetive Purchase Date in
Ale contest of Additional Transfers and. Initial Transfes. The Management
Company shall be enttcd to rely for these purposes exclusively om the
information and data provided by the Seller or Servicer (as applicable).
without he Management Company assuming any obligtion to obtain any
information or gaiher any data from any other sources, whether public or
private

For hese purposes, Cond

ons Precedent to the Purchase of Reccivables

(A) no Seller Event of Default has occured and is continuing on the
relevant Purchase Date

(8) — no Servicer Termination Event has occurred and is contiming.
unless a Replacement Servicer has ben appointed añer the
scumence of such Servicer Terminstion Event om or prior to the
relevant Purchase Date

(C) the Maximum Pontolio Amount will not be excceded, unless the
Management Company and the Seller elect to modify such
Maximum Portfolio Amos puesuant to an amendment to the Decd
ot Incorporstion and through the issue of th relevant Prospectas

m


Supplemen (unless such modification coincides with x rencwal of
the Base Prospects);

(D) no Fund Liquidation Event has occurred on the relevant Purchase:
Dates
(E) in he context of Initial Transfers only the Management Company.

has determined that () he Maximum Addiion Amount criteria will
be met on the relevant Purchase Date or (3) if such Maximum
Addition Amount criteria vil not be met on th relevant Purchase
Date, the Relevant Rating Agencies have confirmed to the
Management Company that 1he transfer of Reccivables in the
context of an Initial Transfer (only) on the relevant Purchase Date

ot result ín a downgrade or vwithérawal of he then curent
ratings of the then outstanding Ratod Notes:

(E) in be context of Iiial Transfers only, the Seller has validly mado a
Sale Offer of Reccivables to the Fund!

(G) — during the Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period only, the
Sale Offer mude by the Seller to the Fund docs not include any
Reccivables int context of Initial Transfers; and

(HD the Seller has audited financial statements for the previous two (2)
Financial years without reservations (salvedades) which may affect
the Reccivables and those have bcn fled with the CNMV. ln
particular, fo the transfer of Reccivablos to bo made on the Fund
Incorporation Date, the Seller has audited financial statements for
2015 aná 2016.

Forthese purposes
Seller Event ol Default means th occumene of any ote folowáng cuts
1 Breschof Obligations

Any beach by th Seller:

6 amy of lis material non-monctary obligations under any Programme:
Document to which it isa party except he breach s due to force majeure)
“and such breach is mot remedicd by th Sellr within ten (10) Business Days
(or within fin (15) Business Daysi he breacb is ducto tschnica reasons)
“ftr the caricr of the date om which ts avar of such breach andlorreccipt
af notification in writing to the Seller by the Management Company to
emy such breach or

150


(io amy ofits monetary obligaons when due under any Programme Document to
which is a party (except f he breach is due to force majeure) and such
reach is not remedicd by the Seller within five (5) Business Days (or within
en (10) Business Days if he breach is due 10 technical reasons) after the
caricr of Ahe date on which it is aware of such breach andar reccipt of
otificaion in writing to the Seller by the Management Company to remedy
such bresch: or

(ii) amy of the representations or warramis given by the Seller under any
Programme Document (other han, wit respect to the Master Reccivables
Sale and Purchase Agreement, th representacion or warrantios given by the
Seller wit respest o the sale an transfer of Reccivables and the Credit Card
Agrecments satisfying the Eligibiliy Cria) to which ts a party or ún any
Fenificae delivered pursuant o the Programme Documents to which ts
ant is material false or incorrect in any material respect and, where such
mmateially false o incorrect representstion or warranty can be corected or
remedied by the Seller, is not corected or remedied by the Seller wihin ten
(10) Business Days (or within fifcen (15) Business Days if th breach is due
to technical reasons) after he calir of hc date on which is aware of such
misropresentaton and/or recipt of notification in writing to he Seller by th
Management Company lo remedy such false or income representaion or
cera

2 Insolveney:

“Any of the following events occur in espect of the Seller

(6) The Seller is unable or sdmits inbility to pay lts debts as they
suspends making payments on any of ts debis or by reason of actual or

antcipated financial difficulis, commences negotistins with one or more
fits creditors wáth a view to reschedaling any ol ts indebtedness.

dee,

(Except s provided telow, any corporate action, legal procecdings or aller
procedure or steps taken n relacio to:

(A) a declartion of insolvency (concurso), winding up, intervention,
disolusio, administration or reorganiation (by way of voluntary
arrangement, scheme of arrangement or oxherwise) of Uhe Seller;

(8) the appointment of a liquidaor, administrator (judicial or otherwise)
compulsory manager or other similar office in respec of the Seller
rany of sat

(C) the revocation, wildrawal or suspension by the Bank of Spain of
the license of he Seller or the taking of any disciplinary. resolution,

recapitaisation or recovery action against the Seller pursuant to

mm]


legisition implementing Directivo 2014/59/EU of he Parliament
and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, in any jurisiction which has
material negative effect on the ability of he Seller to perform its
¿bligaions under any Programme Document; or

“any analogous procedure or sep is taken in any juridiction provided however that no
¡Seller Event of Default would have occurred if any petiiom is fivolous or vexations
“and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 30 days of commencement

Maximum Addition Amount means, with respet Lo the offer of the Reccivables to
be sold and transferred by tbc Seller 10 the Fund in the context of Initial Transfers
(only), he criteria which is sutisicd if, on any applicable Purchase Date during the
Programme Revolving Period (see period exception below) and the Programme:
Amorisation Period he following condition is satisfied:

A is equal o, or ess than, the product of and C*, where:

“40 is equal to the ageregato Outstanding Principal Balance of now Eligible
Reccivables transiered in th contest of Initial Transfers since the Reference
Purchase Date, including the Outstanding Principal Balance of Eligible Reccivables
o be transfered in the context of Initial Transfers on said Purchase Date

WE" is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of outstanding
Purchnsed Reccivables as of the Reference Purchase Date;

40" is equal o 25 per cent (25%) (or any other percentage olherwise specifid in
the las Prospectus Supplemen).

Exceptiomally, the ageregate Outstanding Principal Balance of mew Eligble
Rescivablestransfered in ho context of Initial Transfers to be transfered by the
Seller to the Fund betvcen 1 August 2017 and 31 December, 2017 shall not excced
700 millon Euros.

For hs purposes Reference Purchase Date means the dae which is close to the
applicable Purchase Date among th following:

* thcimmediately following Purchase Date aftrthe 31 December, 2017:
* tte Purchase Date hat occurs 12 months before the applicable Purchase Date;

* the Purchase Date immediately following 1he date on wbich the Relevant
Rating Agencies have confirmed that the sale and transfer of Reccivables om.
such Purchase Date vil not resul in a downgrade or withdrawal of he then
current ratings of the Notes by the Relevant Rating Agencies, provided that
bs Purchase Date would be only be taken into account where the Fund has
requested confirmation of th ratings of ho Rated Notes by the Relevant

12


Rating Agencies to excced the Maximum Addiion Amount an 1 Purchase
Date in the pas

(0) Purchase Date and Effective Purchase Date
ler iban for ihe transfer of Eligible Receivables to be made on the Fund:
Incorporation Date, the purchase date of Eligible Reccivables (the Purchase Date)
shall be cach of the Business Days between the Date of Incorporation and the
Liquidation Date both inclusive although they will be paid according to the Principal
Priority of Payments on cach Payment Date

Nowwithstanding the above, olher than for the transer of Reccivables made on the
Fund Incorporation Date, th transfer of the Eliible Roscivables shall have economic
elícts between ho Seller and the Fund (the ElTective Purchase Date) for:

(A) in the comext of Initial Transfers he Selection Date on which the
Seller has procecded to mark internal in ts system the transfer of
Eligible Reccivables to th Fund: and

(8) in the comext of Additional Transfers, the Drawing Date of the
corresponding Eligble Reccivables

For these purposes

Drawing Date means any dae on which a Drawing is made by the Borrower in
“accordance with scction 2.2 0 the Additional Building Block.

Any amounts of principal, interest, fs, default interest ( applicable), penaltis,
Insurance Indemnifcatons and any cer related payments reccived by Ihe Seller
from the Efectivo Purchase Date included) shall accre to he Fund.

According, all such amownts shall be collected by the Servir, acting for and on.
behalf he Fund, and transfered by the Service to the Treasury Account

For the purposes a he following section:

Selection Date ncans during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme.
Amorisation Period and with respec o any Initial Transfr (only), at dh latest two.
Business Days. immediately following 1h relevant Determination Date
Determination Date mcwns, during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amorisation Period, five (5) Business Days following cach Monthly
Reporting Date on which the Management Company notifics to the Seller the
Available Purchase Amount and the Minimum Purchase Amount, The Seller shall
communicate o the Management Company before 1OK00 (Madrid Time) on such
date, ts intention to exercise any repurchase option and the Target Amount (or any.
required information)

13


Selection and transfer of Reccivables in the context of Initial Transfers

Tac purchase procedure af Eligible Reccivables in the context of Initial Transfers
halle following:

6) om any relevant Selection Date during the Programme Revolving Period and!
le Programme Amortisation Period, the Seller may select Eligible
Reccivables to be transfered by the Seller to he Fund in the context of am
Initial Transfer, on 4 random basis among the available pol of reccivables
riginated by the Seller and saisíying the Elgiilsy Criteria in order to
comply with the Minimum Purchase Amosnt as described in section 3.3.1.5
df the Adáiional Building Block

(io The Seller will deliver to the Management Company on the relevant
Selection Date (such date corresponding to the applicable Purchase Date)

(A) sale offer of he selected Eligible Reccivables (each a Sale OfTer)
which shall indicate () the number of the selected Eligible
Receivables for Initial Transer and (5) hc aggregate Outstanding
Principal Balances fe selected Elgible Rescivables

(8) — the electronic files with account by account information relatd to
the selcted Eligible Reccivables with respect to the information
available on the applicable Selection Date (the “Financial File” that
is part ofhe New Credit Card Agreement Purchase Report)

"hc delivery of the Sale Offer shall imply (1) an irrevocable offer o transfer
he selected Eligible Reccivables in the context of Initial Transfers; (il) the
“accuracy ol the information included in he New Credit Card Agreement
Purchase Report (as defined above) and (ii) the Seller's declaration tha ho
Eliibilty Criteria and all th representatios and warrantics st out set out
section 22: of the Addisional Building Block have been met and the
Conditions Precedent to the Purchase of Reccivables have been satisticd on
the Purchase Date

For his purpose

"New Credit Card Agreement Purchase Report mens the elctronc files
with account by account information related to the selected Eligible
Reccivables with respect to the information available on the applicable
Selection Dat delivered by the Seller 0 the Management Company on the
Selection Date int context of Initial Transfers.

1


0)

0)

0)

Upon receipt of the electronic files referred Lo in paragraph () above, the
Management Company shall, on the Selection Date; (verify whether the
Seller has fulilled (or will ul) as at such date the Conditions Precedent to
the Purchase of Reccivables in the context of Initial Transfers (i) verify the
compliance of the selected Eliible Reccivables with he Eliibily Criteria
“and (si) inform the Seller hc result of such verficaions

IE the verifictons by the Management Company are positive, following the
receipt of the Sale Oler, on the same Purchase Dat, the Management
Company shall send to the Seller the corresponding acceptance (the Sale
Acceptance) having such Sale Acceptane the effects set out in article 1,462
«et scq of the Civil Code in relation to Purchascd Reccivables. The Seller will
proceed on the Selection Date to mark the selected Eliible Reccivables as
Purchased Reccivables on lts IT system wih effect as of the Effective.
Purchase Dat,

Tas procedure described above may be updated or amended from time to time.
between the Seller and ho Management Company in order o take into account any
“upgrade or update of the Sellers information systems, provided that it will have no.
“adverso effect on the Fund and a prior writen notification will e delivered by the
Management Company and the Seller to the Relevant Rating Agencies. No
amendiment to the Decd of Incorporaion of the Fund shall be required unless th
amendment proposed by the Seller and the Management Company has a negativo
effect on the Fund orthe rights of the notcholders or th funders he Fund,

"Transfers ol Receivables in the context of Additional Transfers

0)

The Seller has undeniaken to transfer to the Fund on cach Purchase Date
during he elevant Purchase Period, all Eigible Receivables in the contex of
Additional Transfers only) which may have arisen since the immediately
preceding Elfetive Purchase Date (exclusive) corresponding to the relevant
Credit Card Agreement, regardless of tir amount

Tas Eligible Reccivables to e transfered by the Seller o the Fund in the

anses will not be selected by the Seller but will be
automatically offered to the Management Company and accepted by the
Later, subject to the satisfaction of ho relevant Conditions Precedent to the
Purchase of Reccivables in the context of Additional Transfers

comext of Additional

For ose purposes, Purchase Period means:

Ln the comext of an Addiional Transfer and avth respect to a
Payment Date the calendar month immediately preceding such
Payment Date; and.


0)

2. in the context of an initial transfer, Ue Purchase Date immediately
preceding such Payment Date.

For the purposes of his section the Credit Card Agroements and the
Reccivables shall comply with the General Eligbiliy Criteria set out in
section 22.82 of the Adétional Building Block of he prospectas.

Tas Sellershall send to the Management Company on cach Purchase Dat:

(A) a Sale Offer of Eligble Receivables which shall indicate by
rolorence lo the Drawing Purchase Report which must be jimly
submitted with tin accordance with (B) below), () the mumber of
the offered Eligible Reccivables or Additional Transfer and (y) the
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balances of the offered Eligible
Receivables(asofthe applicable Efectivo Purchase Date); and

(8) — the electronic files (cach, a Drawing Purchase Report) with
information on an individual basis on the Drawings of cach Eigible
Receivable subject maner of an Addiional Transfer as of their
applicable Effective Purchase Date

The delivery of the Sale Offer shall imply (1) un irrevocable offer o transfer
le offered Reccivabls, (li) ho accuracy of the information included in the
Draving Purchase Report and (si) ho Seller's declaraion that th Eligibiiy
Criteria and all the representations and waramtes set out set out in section
228 of the Addiional Building Block have bcen met and thc Conditions
Preceden to the Purchase of Reccivablos have been satisfied on th Purchase
Date.

Upon reccip o he Sale Offr, he Management Company shall be deemed to
have accepted such sale offer (having such acceptance Ahe efect se out in
article 1462 et seg. of the Civil Code in relation to the Receivables
Purctased)

(<) Common terms applicable to the transfers ol Reccivables

0)

0)

Subject to the fulilment of the relevant Conditions Precedent to the Purchase
of Receivable, hc transfer of Eligble Reccivables ariing from the Credit
Card Agreements will e mude in accordance with th provision in anicles
1,526 10 1,536 of the Civil Code and atcles 247 and 348 of the Commercial
Code.

Tas Fund shall have no recourse to th Seller in respect of any defaults, bad

debas or other losses in relstion to any Purchascd Reccivables except as
provided forin his Base Prospectus or the Decd of Incorporaton.

156


0)

(Gi) Puesuant to article 1528 of Ale Civil Code, the transfer of he Eligible
Reccivables to the Fund shall email the transtor ol any ancilluy rights
“tached to the trnsferod Reccivables (if any), including, or ho avoidance
of doubt, any Insurance Indermtficarions

(1) On the Caleulation Dato, the Seller will send by email to the Management
Company a document signed by a duly auhorised atorney containing (he
number of the Purehased Reccivables transferred to the Fund during the
previous Purchase Period (in ihe comext of both Initial Transfers and
Additional Transfer: i) he aggregate Outstanding Principal Balances of the
Purchased Rescivables transferred to the Fund during the previous Purchase
Perid lin the context of both Initial Transfers and Additional Transfer; and!
(ii) the Sellers declaraion that the Eligiilisy Criteria and all the
representations and warrantics set out in section 228 of the Additional
Evilding Block have boen met and the Conditions Precedent to the Purchase
af Reccivables have been satisicd in comection with such Purchased
Reccivables on their relevant Purchase Date,

The Management Company shall coumersign the abovementionod document
“and send a signed original to the Seller.

(0) Inaccordance with the provisions of article 17 of Law S/2015 and in onderto.
achieve ceraimy of the date of the transfer of the Purchased Reccivables for
he purposes of article 1,526 of the Civil Code, on a monthly bass the
Management Company vil! forward to the CNMV the document refered to
in paragraph (y) above signed by both the Soller and the Management
together wii a deta file regarding the Purchased Reccivables during the
corresponding Purchase Period using the CIERADOC/CNMV service;

In the event tal, a any time and for any reason, the Management Company.
is unable to use this system, it undertakes, together
any cther dato and tte latest before the next Payment Date to the CNMV a
document or notification with he same content or, if not possible, the Seller
“and the Maiagement will appear before he Spanish Notary designated by the
Management Company for the purposes of raising to the ststus of a public
document any purchase of Reccivables made hercunder (provided that all
ost and expenses rising from any such notariatins shall be bome by the
Fund)

ib the Seller, to send on.

Refusal of Sale Offers by the Management Company
The Management Company shall refuso any Sale Offer with respect to any Eliible

Reccivables to be sold and trnsfered by the Sellr in the context of an Initial
Transfer, fte General Eibilay Criterio and/or the Specific Elgiblty Criteria it

187


espect to the corresponding Reccivable or Credit Card Agreement are not complica
vit om their relevant Purchase Dat.

In such event, and provided that no Revolving Termination Event and no Accelerted
Amorisaion Event shall have occured, hc Unapplicd Revolving Amount (if any)
vil he redited to the Treasury Account in accordance wilh the applicable Priority of
Payments for he pupos< of purchasing Reccivables on late Purchase Dates.

(<) — Postponement or suspension ul purchase of Reccivables in the context of

Additional Transfers

l£, for any reason whatsocwer, (6) the Seller is unable to transfer any Eligible
Reccivables in the context of Additional Transfcrs on any Purchase Date or () the
applicable Conditions Preccdent to the Purchase of Reccivables (save for the
Conditions Preccdent to the Purchase of Reccivables relating to Eigibiliy Criteria)
are not fully satisied provided that the Management Compuny shall maks ts best
elos 1 notify the Seller as soon as possible in advance should it become aware that
such suspension may occur) on the applicable Purchase Date, the purchase of Eligible
Reccivables by the Fund shall be suspended.

"he Seller shall sell such Fligible Reccivables in hc context of Adáitional Transfers
on the fist Business Day on which such transfer is possible, provided that the
relevant Conditions Precedent to Ahe Purchase af Reccivables in the context of
Additional Transfers are satisfcd on such date

In such event, and provided that no Revolving Termination Event and no Accelerted
Amorisaion Event shall have occured, hc Unspplicd Revolving Amount (any)
vil be edited to the Treasury Account in accordance with the applicable Priority of
Payments for the purpose of purchasing Eligible Reccivables on the applicable
Purchase Dates.

(0 Transfer of Reccivables on the Fund Incorporation Date.

Nowwithstanding the above, the transfer of Eligible Reccivables to be made on the
Fund Incorporation Date (for such purposes, a Purchase Date and an Eifective
Purchase Date) will be done in the Decd of Incorporation of the Fund. To this effce,
e Decd of Incorporatin of the Fund shall include the necessary provision to carry.
ut such transfer (including th relevant Seller's declaration of the full

hc representations and warratis and ho Conditions Preceden to the Purchase of
Reccivables have been satifia).

ment o al

33,13. Effects ofthe purchase of the Reccivables and Seller's guarantees
On cach Purchase Date, the Reccivables shall be sold and transfrred by the Seller 10 the
Management Company, for and on behalf of he Fund, with (1) th sttutory guarantes of the

existence and legitimacy (leginimidad) o such Reccivables as per aticles 1,529 of he Civil

158


Code and 348 of the Commercial Code, () the warranty as to their conformity on the
applicable Purchase Date with hc Eliibilay Criteria and (i) the undertakings in the Master
Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement

This notwitistanding the transfer of the Eligible Reccivables shall have economic effects
etwcen the Seller an the Fund from the Effective Purchase Date.

"hc Seller and the Management Company, acting for and on behalf of the Pund, expressly
gres that any Reccivable hat docs not comply wit the Eigibiliy Criteria om the applicable
Purchase Date shall he decmed to be a non-complian Reccivable (cach, a Non-Compliant
Reccivable)

Tas Seller undentaes not to sell and transfer to the Management Company. acting in the
ame and on behalf of the Fund, any Non-Compliant Reccivable. To this end, the Seller
“ndeniakes to camy out such necessary acts in order not to include amy Non-Compliant
Reccivable in any Sale Ofr.

32.14. Purchase Price, Effective Purchase Price and Deferred Purchase Pri
the Eligible Receivables

cor

"hc Fund shall pay to the Seller, on any Payment Date, the Purchase Price of the Eligible
Reccivables transirred to th Fund in the contest of nial Transfers and Additional

Transfers on cach Purchase Dates during the Purchase Period preceding such Payment Date.

Tas Efectivo Parehase Price and the Deferred Parchase Price hall he determined on cuch
Calculation Date prior to he corresponding Payment Date by the Management Company on
an agregate basis for all Eigble Reccivables purchased by the Fund during the preceding
Purchase Period, and will not be individually allocaed to any particular Purchased!
Reccivable, provided that the sum of th Effective Purchase Price and th Deferred Purchase
Price for all Eigible Reccivables purchased on any given Purchase Period will be equal to
100% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of such Eliible Reccivables as of the
“applicable Effective Purchase Dates

Tas Purchase Price will be paid as follows:

(a) the Effective Purchase Price ol the Eigible Reccivables purchased during a Purchase
Period shall be paid on the immediately following Payment Date subject to the
applicable Priority of Payments; andíor

(0) — the Deferred Purchase Price shall be paid on cach Payment Date following the
Payment Date on which ho Effective Purchase Price of such Eligible Reccivables has
ben or should have boen paid subject to the applicable Priority of Payments

Tas Deferred Purchase Price is the ponion of he Purchase Price that is not paid by the Fund
on the following Payment Date in accordance with hc applicable Priority of Payments for the

10


transfer of certain Eligble Reccivables on ihe Payment Dates following the applicable
Purchase Period.

Daring the Programme Revolving Period (¡he Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is in
debit at the preceding Calculaion Date), the Programme Amortisaion Period and the
Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period, the purchase of new Eligible Reccivables will
be funded through the Deferred Purchase Price (and/or prinipally with the Available
Distribution Amount, f any, in accordance vit the relevant Priority of Payments)

For clarificaion purposes, the Deferred Purchase Price is not limited and could be used to
fadthe total amount of e Purchase Price of th Eigible Reccivables purchased by the Fund!
during the Programme Revolving Period (the Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is in
debi at the preceding Calculaion Date), the Programme Amorisaion Period and the
Programme Aceclerated Amorisation Period.

1 a Deferred Purchase Price is recorded by the Management Company on a Payment Date,
the Management Company and th Seller hereby acknowledge and agrec that such Deferred
Purchase Price is only a term for the payment of this portion of he Parchase Price by the
Fund to the Seller and shall not constitute a ground to rescind (resolver or rescindir) the
transfer of the comesponding Eliible Reccivable, Such Deferred Purchase Price sal be
“added to the existing Deferred Purchase Prices which remain umpaid as of such Payment Date
(áfany) and therefore increase the outstanding amount of Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price.

"ac Fund shall pay to the elle interest (the DPP Interest) on the outstanding Aggregate
Detered Purchase Price in accordance with he following provisions

(a) DPP Interest will be calculated by the Management Company on cach Calculation
Date

(0) — The amount of DPP Interest payable to the Seller (he Aggregate DPP Interest
Amount) vil be equal o hc product of

6) Ate relovant Seller Share Interest Rate;

(io the Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price as of the preceding Payment Date;
and

(Gi) — the day count fration corresponding to the ratio between (i) the actual

efectivo days in cach Interest Accrual Period and (6) a 360-day year.
“nd round te resultant figure to Ah nearest cnt

For hese purposes, th term while there is a Deferred Purchase Price shall e divided
into consecutiv interes accrual periods (cach o them, an Interest Accrual Period)
comprisng the days efloively clapscd between cach Payment Dato, including in
cach Imerest Accrual Period the initial Payment Date and excluding th final

10


Payment Date. The fest Interest Accrual Period shall commence on he date on which
Alice is a Defersed Purchase Price amount and end on the immediately following.
Payment Date.

(6) — The Aggregate DPP Interest Amount will be paid in accordance with and subt to
the Priority of Payments

(4) — Any Aggregate DPP Interest Amounts which have not been paid to the Sellr dueto
shortage of Available Distribution Amownts will be paid on the following Payment
Date on which the Available Distribution Amowts permit said payment according to
the applicable Priority ol Payments. Such amounis will be paid in preference 1o the
Ageregate DPP Interest Amount payable on said Payment Date. The Aggregate DPP
Interest Amownts owed to the Seller hat remain umpaid according to the provisions of
tb prior paragrapls vil not acerue default intrest in avour of the Seller

(£) Any Aggregate DPP Interest Amownis not paid o the Fund Liquidation Date shall be
cancelled and decmod us final loss for the Seller.

For he purposes of this section 33.14

Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price means, on any Calculation Date and in respect ol all
Purchased Receivables, the aggregate amount ol all Deferred Purchase Prices which remain
“mpaid as of such Calcoltion Dat

Available Distribution Amount means on cach Payment Date the aggregat of the Available
Principal Amownt and the Available Interest Amownt as set out in section 3472 of the
Additional Building Block of th Prospectus

Additionaly. on cach Payment Date during the Programme Accelerted Amortsation Period
tc outstanding balance of the General Reserve will be added to the amunt described above.

Deferred Purchase Price means, on any Calculation Date and in respect of the Receivables
ransfered o the Fund on the Purchase Period immediately preceding such Calculaion Date,
the portion of the Purchase Price af such purchased Reccivables which is not to be paid by the
Fund on he following Payment Date in accordance with he applicable Priority of Payments

Eltective Purchase Price means, on any Calcultion Date and in respect of the Reccivables
transfered to the Fund on any Purchase Period immediately preceding such Calcultion Dat:

(a) — during the Programme Revolving Period and he Programme Amoniation Period
only, the portion of the Purchase Price of such Elgible Reccivables which is ta be
cffectvely paid by the Fund on th following Payment Date in accordance with the
Principal Priority of Payments and which shall be fundod by the Availble Principal
Amount; and

m7


(0) during he Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period only, (1) s long as any Notes
ol any outstanding Note Series has not ocn fully redcemed, ro (0) and (i) once ll
Notes of ll Note Series have been redeemed in al, he portion of Purchase Price
of such Eligble Reccivables which is to bo cffectvely paid by the Fund on the
following Payment Date in accordance wit the Accelerted Priority of Payments and
which shall be funded by the Available Distribution Amount

Purchase Price means, on any Calculstion Date and in respec of he Reccivabls transfered
to the Fund on any Purchase Period immediately receding such Calculation Dat, an amount
equal o 1006 of the asgregate Outstanding Principal Balance of such Eligible Reccivable as
df the applicable Effective Purchase Dato

Seller Share Interest Rate mens, on any Payment Date the annual fixed interest rat which
shall be calculated by the Management Company as follows

(a) for so long as the Class A Notes of any Note Seres are outstanding, the average
interest rate af all Class A Notes which are outstanding as weighted by their
respective Principal Amount Outstanding on such Payment Date (laking into account
tb applicable swap rate plus margin for Class A Notes bearing a floating rat, 1£
applicable);

(b) once he Class A Notes of all Note Serics have been redecmed in full and for so long
as the Class B Notes of any Note Series re outstanding, the average interest rate of
sil Class BE Notes which are outstanding as weighted by thcir respective Principal
Amount Outstanding on such Payment Date (king into account the applicable swap
rate plas margin for Class E Notes bearing a Mloating at, aplicable):

(e) once he Class B Notes of ll Note Series have been edeemed in ful! and for so long
as the Class C Notes of any Note Series are outstanding, the average interest mae of
sil Class C Notes which are outstanding as weighted by thcir respectivo Principal
Amount Outstanding on such Payment Date (taking into account the applicable swap
rate plas margin for Class C Notes bearing floating at, applicable): and

(4) — im any other cases, 1.0 per cent or any other percentage specific as such in he last
Prospectus Supplement.

For information purposes on the first Payment Date añcr the Fund Incorporation Date the
Seller Share Intrest Rate will be equal to 025%

For these purposes, Seller Share Interest Payable Amount means, on any Payment Date
during the Programme Revolving Period, the Programme Amortisaion Period and the

Programme Accclerated Amontisation Period, the amount equal o:

(a) the aggregate of () the SICF Interest Amount and (ú) the Aggregate DPP Interest
Amount, due on such Payment Date less

12


(0) — any Seller Dilutios due by the Seller o the Fund on or prior o the Calculation Date
(if nor already received by the Fund on or prior such Calculaion Date), as calculated
by the Management Company on the Calculaion Date immedistly preceding such
Payment Date.

33.15. — Minimum Purchase Amount and
Seller Share.

imum Portfolio Amount - Required

(2) > Minimum Purchase Amount and Minimum Portolio Amount

Nowwithstanding any postponement or suspension f he purchase of Eliible Reccivables, the
Seller has undertaken to (5 transer to the Fund Eligible Reccivables in the comext of
Additional Transfers; and (i) during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme
Amorisation Period make its reasonable corts o transfer to the Fund Eligble Receivables
in the context of Initial Transfers for an amount at least cqual to the Minimum Purchase.
“Amount on cach Purchase Date in order to mect the Minimum Porflio Amount

For the calcultion of 1h Minimum Purchase Amount: () Additional Transfers will be
transfer to the Fund automatically in the manner provided in section 33,12 (b) of the
Additional Building Block; and ú) Initial Transfes will count toward satisfaction of the
Minimum Pontolio Amount requirement

Failure by the Seller to transfer Eiible Reccivables to tbe Fund for an amount at least equal
o Ae Minimum Purchase Amount on cach Purchase Date during the Programme Revolving
Period and the Programme Amortisation Period shall ncihor consitute a Seller Exent of
Default during the Programme Revolving Period or the Programme Amortisation Period nor
necessarily cause the oceurrence of the Revolving Termination Event during the Programme
Revolving Period.

(6) — Breachofthe Minimum Purchase Amount

On the Determination Date immediately preceding the relevant Purchase Date in connection
with Initial Transfers only, the Management Company shall notify the Seller the Available
Purchase Amount and thc Minimum Purchase Amount and on the Selection Date preceding
hc releva Purchase Date confirm that the Minimum Purchase Amount is met

1 the Seller ar the Management Company have recorded hat the Minimum Purchase Amount
has not been met on the Calculaion Date immediately after such Selection Date, the Seller

hall make ts bestefors to transfer additional Reccivables in the conte of Initial Transfers

on the immedistly following Purchase Date to ensure the Minimum Purchase Amount is
met, such transfer to bo made in accordance with the procedure forescen in section 33.12 of
tc Additional Building Block.

1


Required Seller Share

Th Required Seller Share shall never be les than sx per cent (6%) af the
Principal Amount Outstanding of al issued Note Serios

on the Fund Incorporation Date, the Required Seller Shar shall be cqual to
six per cent (6%) of the Principal Amount Outstanding of he Notes of the
Fist Not Series issued om the Fund Incorporation Date;

aftr the Fund Incorportion Date the Seller may increase or decrease the
Regqired Seller Share as specified in the las Prospectus Supplement, taking
¿nto account however that any reduction shall be subject to the satisfaction of

the following conditions:

th condition set out in paragraph (above shall be complicd ar all
times during th life of the Fund (ic, the Required Seller Share shall
ever be les than si percent (6%))

prior notice is given to he Management Company and. cach
Relevant Rating Agencies no later than 30 calendar days prior lo the
efícctive date of such reduction:

Share will no result in the

any reduction in the Required Seller
downgrade or withdrawal of the then cuen rating of any of the
iten outstanding Rated Notes by any of the Relevant Rating
Agencies; and!

it reduction will not cause the occumence of a Revolving
Termination Event or an Accelerated Amortisation Exent on such
due,

On any date after he Fund Incorporation Date the applicable Required Seller
¡Share shall e tt specific in the latest Prospectus Supplement

(o
0)
0)
0)
1)
0
5)
0)
0)
For ose purposes

Available Purchase Amount mens:

0)

on csch Determination Date during the Programme Revolving Perod, the sum o:

0)

Ae product o:

1)

The aggrogate of the Note Series 20xx3y Principal Ratio of al
Notes Series having a Schcduled Amonisation Staning Date
occuming añer the Payment Date following such Determination
Dates and

1


(8) — the Available Principal Collections with espect to the Col
Period immediately preceding such Determination Date;

(i) the Unapplicd Revolving Amount standing at the credit of the Treasury
“Account as of close of the preceding Payment Dat;

(e) othervise, zero (0),

For clafiction purposes the Available Purchase Amount will not be included in the
Available Principal Amownt

Note Series 20xx-yy Principal Ratio means, on cach Calculation Date, with respect to any
outstanding Note Seris, the percentage cqual to (which percentage shall never exceed 100
percent.

(a) duringrhe Programme Revolving Period:
6) the Note Series 20%: Initial Principal Amount; divided by

(Gi) the aggregate ofthe Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounts of all the
en outstanding Note Series multiplicd by tho sum of () 1 and (3) the
Resqired Seller Share; and

(6) duringhe Programme Amortisation Period:
6) the Note Series 20%: Initial Principal Amount; divided by
(io the aggregate ofthe Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounts of al the

hi outstanding Note Series.
"hc sum of al Note Serios 20xx-yy Principal Ratios shall never be greater than 100 pe cet

Minimum Portfolio Amount means an amount as determined by the Management Company
on any Calculation Date and equal to th product of () the Principal Amount Outstanding of
“ll Note Seris on the last Payment Date (taking into account any redemption of any Class of
Nokes of any Note Series or any further isue of Note Serios, o be effective mado on the next
Payment Date) and () the sum of

(a) onezamá
(b) the applicable Required Seller Share on such Calculation Date.
33.16. — Priority Allocation Rule

1 at any time and for any reason whatsoever, in respect of a Credit Card Agreement from
which arse any Purchased Reccivable(s), the Seller is sull the owner of any outstanding
receivables) under such Credit Card Agreement which are not Purchased Reccivables (he


"Non Purchased Reccivables and togcther with the Purchased Reccivabls arising from the
same Credit Card Agreement, ths Common Receivables), ho Seler and hc Fund vil have
joint ownership sight on any payments mode by the relevant Borrower wilh respeto such
Credit Card Agreement

In such circumstanco, te Sellers rights on any payments of pricipal. interest and any other
“amounts paid by the Borrowr under the Non Purchascd Reccivables will be subordinated to
lc rights of the Fund to reccive such payments and such amounts under ho Purchased
Reccivables aisng rom the same Credit Card Agreement

“As areslt of above and until the ful repayment of the Purchasod Reccivables held by the
Fund in espect of amy Credit Card Agreement:

(a) the Fund shall be cntled to reccive in priority, al! principal and interest amounts
(including any arrcars and. penaltics thercon) received by the Servicer from the
relevant Borrower and such amownts shall conste Available Collection;

(0) — the Fund shall receive the Insurance Indemnifications received from the Insurance
Companies in relation to Common Roscivables and such amownis shall constitte

Available Collections; and

(6) the Seller hereby waives any rihts to retain or be retransíerred by the Servicer any
such amounts paid by a Borrower in connection with the Common Reccivables and!
vnderakes to transfer any and al amountsrecived by to hc Fund.

Tes priority a

tion le sets out horca váll apply

(a) to amy Credit Card Agreement for which a Purchased Reccivable has been transferred
by ho Seller ho Fund:

(0) during Programme Revolving Period, he Programme Amoriation Period and the
Programme Accclerted Amortisation Period, as from the Purchase Date of such
Parchased Receivable in the context of an Initial Transfer and until the carlier of (1)
the date on which all Purchased Reccivables held by the Fund in respect of such
Credit Card ís fully repaid or (li) the last Seulement Date preceding the Fund!
Liguidation Dat.

33:17. Contractual Documents and Files

Tas transfer of he Eligible Reccivables in the context of Initial Transfers or Addiional
Transfers on any Purchase Date shall not transfer to the Fund tl to the legal documents
(including private legal documents) in possession of the Seller and documents which
constitute th legal medium (soporte legal) o such Eligible Reccivable, including the Credit
Card Agreements (the Contractual Documents) as at hc corresponding Purchase Date

16


Nowwitkstanding the above, the Seller shall () ensure the safekecping of the Contractual
Documents relang to ihc Purchased Receivables, () establish appropriate custody
procedures and an independent intenal ongoing control of such procedures, and (di) make
available promptly to the Servier (or the Replacement Servicer, as the case may be) al! such
Contractual Documents that th Servicer (or the Replacement Servicer, us the case may be)
may require in the exercise f ls duties, including, without limitaton, for the purposes of
enforcing the righis he Fund under the Eliible Reccivables,

33.15. Insurance Indemnifications

Tac transfer of he Eligible Reccivables to the Fund implics the transfer of any Insurance
Indemmificaions payable to the Seller under any Insurance Policies entered into by the
relevant Borrower ín connection with any Credit Card Agreement

Tas Sellr sha:

(a) notify the Fund as soon as it becomes amare of the cxistence of any Insurance
Indemmificaons payable under Insurance Policies; and

(b) — transfer such Insurance Indermtficaion: to he Collections Account promply and in
any case wilhin two (2) Business Days aÑer receipt in the relevant Sellers accounts
(provided that such amounts are reccived wishin bunking hours on the Business Day.
they ae received by the Seller, otherwise the folowing Business Day), unless such
Insurance Indermifiatins have been effecively and directly credited to the Treasury
Account by the Insurance Companis

(6) then oncereccived imo he Col

ctins Account, o he Treasury Account

33:13. — Default of Conformity of the Reccivables — Bresch of Representations

“and Warranties - Non-Compliant Receivables

Tas provisions regarding the breach of representations amd warrantics and remedios are
described in soction 22.9 of he Adltional Building Block.

33.110. Arrangements affecting the Credit Card Agreements
(a) Introduction

Tas terms of the Credit Card Agrecments may be subject to contractual amendmnents
etween the Seller and the Borrowers, to the extent permilted by:

6) the applicable laws ad regulations; and/or
Gi) the proviions below

(0) — Permited Amendments

197


(o

(6) Tie Seller shall be emild to agree to any amendments to the Credit Card
Agrecments if such amendment (A) ls ho mandatory resul of final cours
resolution, (B) is imposed by any competen administrativo or regulatory
“amhoriy,(C) afíets the interest rate or the feos, the intalment due date ho
insalment amount the maximum suthorised credit amount, to the extent
permitted by the terms of such Credit Card Agreement, the usual Credit
Policies and the Servicing Policies or (D) is required by applicable Laws or
regulations

(io Pusthermore, the Seller shall be entiled to agree amendments to a Credit
Card Agreement as resul of the renegotations and compromisos reached
vwith he Borrowers in accordance with section 3.2.2 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

(Gi) Otherthan in those cases forescen in (1) and (li) above, the Seller may amend!
hc terms and conditions of any Credit Card Agreement from which the
outstanding Purchasod Reccivables srise after having delivered a prior
written notice for information purposes to the Management Company and the
Relevant Rating Agencies (including the terms which muy be subject to
contractual amendments described above), provided hat:

(A) — such amendment is also applied to any comparable segment of
credit card agreements owned andíor serviced by the Seller and
which have ho same characteristics as, o substamtilly similar to,
the Credit Card Agreements from which th Eligible Reccivables
derive: and

(8) such amendment would not challenge hc perfecion of the transfer
19 the Fund of any outstanding Purchased Reccivables nor the
potential transfer of any Eliible Reccivables (10 be transíerrd to
the Fund) in the context of an Additional Transfer.

Tas failare by the Seller to deliver a prior writen notice for information
purposes to the Management Company and the Relevant Rating Agencies
hall not ent the Management Company to refusc an amendment which
«omplis with provisios above,

reach of Undertakings and Remedies

In the event that the Seller () amends the Credit Card Agreement or () amends,
waives or renegotates the terms of any Purchased Reccivables in breach of the
undertakings given by itself in ts capacity as Seller or Servicer (including, without
limitaion, in breach of ho provision in section (b) above of this section r section
372 ol the Additional Building Block), the Seller will repurchase such Receivables,
under the folowing conditions:

108


0)

(6) Tie repurchase shall he made on any Repurchase Date prior to the second!
Cut-04f Date following the date on which th waiver or the nv terms of that
Reccivable are applicable (with economic ceci hetween the Seller and th
Fund from the relevant Effective Repurchase Date, from which the Seller
halle entled to any amounts of principal, interest, fees , default interest (if
applicable), penaltis, Insurance Indemnifiations and any olher related
payments reccived from the corresponding Repurchased Reccivables as of

the relevant Repurchase Date).
(Gi) The amount payable a a consequence of such repurchase will e equal o:

(A) the then aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of each relevant
Receivable (before such amendment, waiver or renegotition) and
any ciber outstanding Purchased Reccivables arisen from the same
Credit Card Agreement; plas

(8) — any accrued and unpaid outstanding interest terco until (but
excluding) the Effective Repurchase Date,

as of such Effective Repurchase Date. Payment will be cffected on the
immediately following Calcultion Dat

1 the Sellr is unable to repurchaso the relevant Reccivables in accordance wit the
above, the Fund will keep the ownership of the relevant Reccivables and the Seller
hall indemnify the Pund in an amount equal o the amount payable under paragraph
(ús) above om the applicable Repurchase Date.

Any amount paid to the Fund under these provision will be exclusively allocated to
he Fund and be credited to the Treasury Account and form par of the Available
Collections

Seller Diitions

(6) The Seller has undertaker to pay to the Pund all Seller Dilutios with espe
to any Purchased Receivable.

(i) Tie amount of any Seller Dilution, as determined on the Determination Date
by the Management Company on the basis of the Monthly Servicer Repor,
shall be paid by the Seller on cach Calculation Date.

For ose purposes

ipal Collections means all amounts subject to any
adjusment of the Available Principal Collections with respect lo the previows
Collection Periods as determined by he Management Company on the Calculation
Date.

19


Seller Dilutions means the amount determined by the Management Company on the
Determination Date and equal to () the Diluions due by the Seller o the Fund plus
(is) with respect to Purchased Receivabls rating to Performing Credit Cards ont.
hc indemnity to he paid by the Seller in he cvent of a rencgotiaion of any Purchased
Reccivables (including the case where such renegotiation is made by WIZINK acting
as the Servicer) equal to the forgivenes of whole or par of any Outstanding Principal
Balances of such Purchascd Reccivables. Such amount sal bc paid by the Seller to
e Fund on or prior the Calculation Date. For claifiction puposes, they wil not be:
reported in an additional ld in the CIFRADOC bat rather with a negative sign

Dilutions means, on cach Determination Date, in respect of the Collection Period
immediately preceding such Determination Date, the Outstanding Principal Balance
of any given outstanding Purchused Receivables cancelled by the Seller in part or in
full) for the benefit of the Borrowers, a the result of any return, rebat, deduction,
retetion, undue restituion, legal se-off (compensación legal), contractual seso
(compensation convencional) judicial set-off (compensarion judicial), frudalen or
suntrfcit transaction, o in respect of merchandise which was refuscd or retuned!
by a Borrower.

(2) Limits ofthe remedios

Tas repurehase procedure sct out in th proceding paragraphs and the payment to th
Fund of the Seller Diltins shall be the only remedies available 1o the Managernent
Company in the event of (Ú) a waiver or a renegotation of the terms of any
Reccivables which would resul in th breach by the Seller, in ts capacity as Services,
fits underakings ori) the amendient by the Selle of he Credit Card Agreements
in breach of he undertakings in section 33.1.10 above.

331.11 Opt

al Repurchase Events

"he Seller shall have the right (but not the obligaion) to repurchase on any Repurchase Date:

(a) — all outstanding Purchasod Reccivables with respect o any Credit Card Agreement
which has become, after any Purchase Date, an Ineigble Credit Card:

(6) — all outstanding Purchased Recelvabls with respet to any Credit Card Agreement
which has become, lr any Purchase Date, a “Zero Balance Credit Card”;

(<) all outstanding Purchused Reccivables with respect o any Credit Card Agreements
which have boen clasficd as Defaulted Crit Cards or Delinquent Credit Cards

(d) — during the Programme Revolving Period and during the Programme Amortisation
Period, any outstanding Purchascd Roccivables deriving from Performing Credit
Cards if the Outstanding Principal Balance of all outstanding Purchased Reccivables
deriving from Performing Credit Cards held by the Fund as of the relevant prior Cut
Off Date (taking into account for that purpose, the comtemplated Reccivables

20


purchased by the Fund in the context of Initial Transters and such contemplated
reparchased by the Seller 1o bo made on or before such Repurchase Date) were higher
tia the Minimum Portfolio Amos

33.112. Repurchase Procedure

Provided that an Optional Repurchase Event referred to in parsgrapbs (a) to (c) of section
31.11 has occurred:

(a) — The Seller may inform the Management Company of the occurrence of such Optional
Repurchase Esent by delivering a written request to the Management Company om
tb Determination Date.

(b) — On the Selection Dat, the Seller shall then elect the Reccivables to be reransferred
on the contemplated Repurchase Date, which will include, if applicable, any olhor
owtstanding Purchascd Reccivablesarisimg from th sam Credit Card Agrecments so
tb total balance under th relevant Credit Card Agreement(s) is repurchased,

(£) — On such Selection Dato, th Seller shall send to the Management Company th list af
the corresponding Credit Card Agreements from which the Reccivables to be

repurchased derive (he Repurchase File)

(d) As ofthe close of business on the Confirmation Date, the Seller wáll proceed to mark
tb selected reccivables as Repurchascd Reccivables on its IT system wit feet as
from the start ol busines of th next calendar day (the Effective Repurchase Date)

(£) — Onthe Repurchase Date the Seller will deliver to the Management Company a wrien
repurchase request (cach, a Repurchase Request) and a file with the list of
repurchased Reccivables, which would serve for the calculation by the Management
Company of the Aggregate Repurchase Price f hc Repurchased Reccivable

Provided that the Optional Repurchase Event referred Lo in paragraph (d) of section 33.111
as occurred:

(a) — The Seller may inform the Management Company of the occurrence of such Optional
Repurchase Event by delivering a writen request to the Management Company on
the Determination Date immediately peceding the contemplated Repurchase Date.

(6) — The Seller shall notify the Management Company before 12800 (CET) on the
Determination Date ts intetion to exercise any repurchase option and a target
repurchase amount (togeher wilh any required information, if necessary) (he Target
Amount) of Purchased Reccivables to be retransfered by the Fund (the
Contemplated Repurchased Reccivables) on the Repurchase Date as contemplated
in the relevant Repurchase Request (corresponding to Ihe immediately following.
Purchase Date in respectof Initial Transfers

am


(o

0)

(o

0

5)

On the Selection Date, ihe Seller shall select randomy the Reccivables to be:
retransfered on the contemplated Repurchase Date, which will inludo, 4 applicable,
any other outstanding Purchasd Reccivables arisen from the same Credit Card
Agreement, provided that

6) the aggregate amount of the Repurchase Price of such Reccivables hal! not
be greater than he Target Amount as notifcd by the Seller; and

(io Ahecxcess áfany) of:
(A) the Target Amount as notified by the Seller; over

(8) — the expected Aggregate Repurchase Price of the Receivables
selected random by the Seller

shall not be grestr than EUR 50.000.0.

On such Selection Date, the Seller shall send to the Management Company the
Repurchase il.

The Management Company shall confirm on the Confirmation Date that it agrecs
with the selection and designtion of the Purchased Reccivables to be repurchased!
made by the Seller.

As ofthe close of business on the Confirmation Date, th Seller will proceed to mark:
tb selected reccivables on its ET system vih effct as from the star of business of
the Effective Repurchase Date

On the Repurchase Date the Seller will deliver to the Management Company a.
Repurchase Request together with a file wi the list of repurchased Reccivables
which would serv for he calculstion by th Management Company of the Aggregato
Repurchase Price of the Repurchascd Roscivables which must be pad by the Seller
by transfer to the Fund's Treasury Account on such Reporehase Date.

Common terms applicable o he repurchase procedures

Each Repurchase Request shall e irrevocable and binding on th Seller when delivered to the
Management Company.

The Management Company shall refise the exercise of the option by the Seller 4 the
Repurchase Conditions Preceden st ost in the next section ae not met.

1 the Repurchase Conditions Precedent are met, then the Management Company shall
csuntersign the Repurchase Request in proof of its acceptance and deliver it to th Seller no
Late than on the Repurehase Date.

am


Y a Repurchase Request is not accepted by the Management Company on the relevant
Repurchase Date in accordance with the above, such Repurchase Reques sul! automatically
lapse with no additional formalice. Notwithsanding any de-marking of the selected
utstanding Parchased Reccivables and th related Credit Card Agreements made by the
Seller in ts FT system prior to the cancelltion of he repurchased procedure, he Seller shall
be obliged to procced wi the necessary manual adjustment and shall caleuato and payo
under the supervision of the Management Company. to the Fund any amounis of Available
Collections and Insurance Premia which wosld have bcn paid by it £o the Fund if the
epurchase procedure wosld not have ben canelled,

“Alter the acceptance of the Repurchase Request by he Manogement Company;

(a) the Seller shall repurchase all outstanding Reccivables deriving from the relevant
Credit Card Agreementís) specific in ho related Repurchase File (being specific
that for the avoidance of doubt any drawing which has not been transerted in th
context of an Adiliional Transfer by the Seller o the Fund will not be subjeet o any
reparchase):

(0) — the Seller will not be cntiled to transfer new Reccivable(s) in the context of
Additional Transfers deriving from such Credit Card Agreements which are the
subject o he repurchase by the Seller as from the Efectivo Repurchasc Date (unless
the Sellr transfers, on any further Purchase Date, new Reccivables deriving from
such Credit Card Agreement in the context of an Initial Transfer); and

(6) the retranfer shall have cconomic effects hetwen the Seller and the Fund from the
Efiective Repurchase Dates therefore he Seller shall be entitlcd from he Effective
Repurchase Date to any amounts of principal, interest, fees , default imeres
applicable), penaltis, Insurance Indemnifcations and any other related payments
reccived from the cormesponding Repurchascd Reccivables as of the relevant
Repurchase Date. Any collection received by the Fund (if any) on or afir the
Eficctive Repurchase Date in relation with such Repurchascd Reccivables will be
repaid by the Fund to he Seller.

Tas retransfor procedure described hercin may be updated or amended from time to time
between the Seller and the Management Company in order to take into account any upgrade
or update of the Sellers information systems, provided that (5) such update or amendment
vil hase no adverse cfícet on the Fund or the rights of the noteholders or the funders of the
Fund, and () prior writen notification will be delivered by the Management Company and.
the Seller to the Relevant Rating Agencios. No amendment to the Decd of Incorporstion af
lc Fund shall e required unless the amendment proposed by the Seller and he Management
Company has a negative efect on the Fund or the rights of the notcholders or the funders af
Ae Fund,

In order to achieve cetaiy of the date oh reransfr of the Repurchased Reccivables for
he purposes of aticle 1,526 of the Civil Code, on a monthly basis (applicable) the

20


Management Company will clectonically forward to the CNMV th Repurchase Request
signed by both the Seller and the Management together with a data file regarding the
Repurchased Reccivables using the CIFRADOC/CNMV service.

Nowwithstanding the above, at any timo and for any reason, the Management Company is
unable 1o use he CIFRADOCIONMY service, the Seller nd the Management Company will
“appear before the Spanish Notary designated by the Seller for he purposes of aisng to the
status of a Spanish Public Document any repurchase of Reccivables mude hereunder
(provided that all cost and expenses arising from any such notaisations shall be bornc by the
Seller)

For ose purposes

Aggregate Repurchase Price man, in relation 10 al! the Repurchased Receivables to be
repurchascd on a Repurchase Date:

(a) the aggregate of he Repurchuse Prices of such Repurchased Reccivables; plas

(b) — all additional, specific, direct and indirect, cost and expenses incured by the Pund in
respect ol the repurchase of such Repurchasod Reccivables and previously approved!
by Uhe Seller excluing, for the avoidance of any double counting, any item already
included in the Repurehase Price

32.113.  Repurchase Conditions Precedent

Th repurchase of the Contemplated Repurchase Reccivables shall only occur on the
Repurchase Date if he following repurchase conditions preccdent (the Repurehase
Conditions Precedent) are met:

(a) General conditions forall Optional Repurchase Events:

6) satisfaction of Mhe Minimum Portfolio Amount Condition as of the
Calculaion Date;

(io mo Fund Liquidation Event has occured; and!

(Gi) the Management Company is mot aware that a Seller Exent of Default has
Vsccured and is continuing

(b) Specific conditions for the Optional Repurchase Event efered o in paragraph (d) of
section 3.1.1:

(6) such repurchase of the Contemplated Repurchased Receivables docs not
result in the occurence of a Revolving Termination Event (the Repurchaso
Date occurs during the Programme Revolving Period) or an Accelrated
Amorisaion Event (if the Repurchase Date occurs during the Programme
Revolving Period or the Programme Amortisation Period); and

20


Gi) om tte relevant Caleulation Date, ho Management Company has determined!
lat he Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger will nt be in debit on the next
Payment Date aterthe application f he Interest Priority of Payments

33.114. Aggregate Repurchase Price

The Aggregate Repurchase Price of the Repurchased Reccivables shal bo calculated by the
Management Company on csch Calculasion Date and shall be paid by the Seller o the Fund!
“th latest om he Repurchase Date.

332. Optional Re-Transfer of all Purchased Reccivables upon the Liquid:
Fund

ol the

"hc Seller shall have the right (ut not the obligaion) to repurchase from he Fund al! the
¿outstanding Purchascd Reccivables remaining among the assets of the Fund in context of
he liquidation of Ahe Fund following the occumence of a Fund Liquidation Esent in
“accordance with the terms set out in section 4.4.4 of the Registration Document

333. Description of the rights conferred upon the Fund for the acquisition of the
Reccivables

The Fund, as legal holder of the Purchased Reccivables vill hol the rights generally
recognized by applicable aw and in the Parchased Reccivabls.

Specifically, and without limiatin, the transfer of the Reccivablos will include all accessory
rights in accordance with the provision of article 1,$28 of the Civil Code; thus, it will give
lc Fund th following rights as regards the Purchased Reccivables

(a) all amount due forte repayment of the principal of the Purchased Receivables

(0) all amount due forte ordinary interes on the Purchased Reccivables:

(c) all amount due forte default interes (applicable) on the Puchased Reccivablos

(d) all fccs due underth Credit Card Agreement:

(e) all amount received from the repurchase of Purchased Reccivables by the Seller, in

accordance with the provisions of section 3.3.1.11 of his Additional Building Block:
and
(0 all potemial rights or indenniics in favour of the Seller including, without mitin.

any Insurance Indermifictons

All the above mentioned rights will accrue in faxour of the Fund as from the Effective
Purchase Dat,


For hc avoidance of doubt pursuant to section 22 of the Additional Building Block in case
of returned purchases, any amouns o be reimbursed (including, 1 pplicable, interest) by the
Seller to th relevant Borrowcs vil nced to be rcimbursed by the Fund to the Seller on the
ext Setslement Dat, such payment not being subjest o the Priority of Payments.

334. Notification to the Borrowers and Insurance Companies

Tas Borrowees and the Insurance Companics shall b noti of th transfer old Purchased
Reccivables as soon as practicable:

(a) upon the occurrence ofthe Service Termination Event:

(0) — in any other circumstancos where the Servicer, with the prior consent of the
Management Company, considers such notification necessary or desirble for the
maximistion of the recoveries under the Reccivables or the Insurance
Indemmificaion.

In any of the sccnarios described above, the Management Company shall be entiled to
request the Notary to provide the decoding key of the Encrypted Data File in order to be able
o access to the data included hercn.

The Management Company shall be ente to notify (or cause to be notifcd) the Bomowers
“and the Insurance Companies to male all payments in relation to the Purehased Reccivables
or the Insurance Indemmifictions, as applicable, directly on the Treasury Account or on any
her Funds account in th event of the subsiuion and replacement of the Issucr Accounts
Bank pursuant to th terms st ost in section 3.4.5 f he Adáiional Building Block.

Any costs and expenses arsing from the notification of the transfer of Mhe Purchased
Reccivables upon the occurrence of a Services Termination Event shall be borne by the
retiing Servicer

Regarding such costs and expenses sriing from the notification of the transfer of the
Purchased Reccivables according to paragraph (b) above, they shall be borne by the Fund.

In addition, ifand when the Servicors requested to confirm or sat he capacity in eh ts
“dmiistering and servcing the Purchasod Reccivables and related matters by amy Borrower
or any third paty (including a Spanish court) and to whom the Servicr s oblige by law to
disclse such information, the Server shall confirm or stat tar lis acting in lts capacity as
server of the Purchased Receivables and related mates as agent for and on behalf of the
Fund and not on ts own behalf.

Pursuant to articles 1,527 and 1,198 of th Civil Code, until the moment of notification to the
Borrowers and/or the Insurance Companies, as applicable, () they will e dischargod of tir
payment obligaions by paying the Seller, and (i) the Borrowers andor the Insurance
Companies, as applicable, will have the sight to set oÍf against the Seller thir payment
bligatios existing before the transfer and those which came ino existence afrthe transfer

206


34.

until the date they were notified. If notice of he transfer is served om the Borrower andíor the
Insurance Company and any of them opposes to the transfer, then the Borrower and/or the
Insurance Company, as applicable, will ony keep the right to set of payment obligaions
existing before the notice bat not those which are posterior

Explam

ol the Flow of Funds

341. How the cash Mow from the asseis will meet the Fund's obligations to its
ereditors

In accordance wit this section, the Fund will atend all payment obligaions derived from th
Notes af cach Noes Series and is remaining lisbilis by appiying he cash Hows generate

"oy the Reccivables and any other applicable rights he Fund.

Tas Fund will enjoy additional protection and enhancement mechanisms hat are described in
bis section. These mechanisms vil be spplicd in accordance with the rules of this Base
Prospectus and their purpose is to ensure that th ash fows of he Fund ar sufficien to
“tend ts payment obligations in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments et out in
section 34.72 of the Additional Building Block.

Al! payments of principal and interest (and arrass, if amy) om the Notes of any Note Series
halle made in accordance with ho rules of this Base Prospectus and th relevant Priority
Payments set out insecion 3.4.7.2 he Additional Building Block.

342. Ledgers
3421. Principal Deficiency Ledger

Dating th Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period and wit
respect to any Collection Period, a principal deficiency ledger (he Principal Deficiency
Ledger) comprising three sub ledgers, namely the Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger, the
Class 8 Principal Deficiency Ledger and the Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger
respectively, shall be established by the Management Company, acting for and on behalf of
hc Fund in arder to keep record af any shomall o deficieney between Outstanding Principal
Balances of the Performing Credit Cards, and the Principal Amount Outstanding ol the Notes
and the SICF Principal Amount Outstanding, subject to the allocation rule described below
During the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortiation Period and with
espect to any Collecion Period, he Management Company shall secord on any Calculaion
Date as debi cntics in the Principal Deficiency Ledger any new Default Amount on the
Purchased Reccivables in respect to the previous Collection Period and the reallocasion of
principal reccipis1o payment of intrest made in accordance with item (1) of the Principal
Priority of Payments in the following order of priority

(a) — fis to the Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger as a debit entry up lo the
ggregate of the sum of (1) the outstanding amount under he Seller Interest Credit

am


Facility and (i) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class C Notes on the
immediately preceding Payment Date;

(0) secondly, to the Class E Principal Deficiency Ledger up to the Principal Amount
Oxtstanding of the Class B Notes of all Note Series on the immediately preceding.
Payment Date; and!

(<) — tirdiy, to Abe Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger up to the Principal Amount
Oxtstanding of the Class A Notes of all Note Seres on Mhe immediately preceding.
Payment Dates

Daring the Programme Revolving Period and he Programme Amortisation Period, and with
respecto any Collection Period, the Management Company shall record as credit entrics any
PDL. Cure Amownts in the principal deiciency sub-ledgers in th following arder of priority:

(a) fisio the Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger until he debitbalanos thrcof is
reduced to zero (0);

(0) secondly, tothe Class B Principal Deficiency Ledger unúl the debit balance thoreof is
reduced to zero (0); ad

(<) — tidly, o the Residual Principal Deficieney Ledger until the debi balance therco is
reduced to zero (0).

For ose purposes

Class A PDL Cure Amount mans any amountsretined ut tem (5) of the Interest Pririy
of Payments o cure any debit balance in respec of hc Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger

Class 8 PDL Cure Amount means any amount retained a tem (9) ofthe Interest Priority
of Payments o cure any debit balance in respec o hc Class Principal Deficiency Ledger.

Default Amount means, on any Calculaion Date and with respecto the Credit Card
Agreement which has become a Defaulted Credit Card during the immediately preceding
Collection Period, the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchased Receivables of such
Credit Card Agreement on the Cut-Of! Date proceding such Calculation Dat,

PDL. Cure Amonnts rcans the sum of (1) the Class A PDL Cure Amount () the Class B
PDL Cure Amount and ii) the Residual PDL Cure Amount

Residual PDL Cure Amount mcans any amounts reaincd al lea (12) of Ile Interest
Priority of Payment

3422. General Reserve Ledger

Daring the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amoriation Period, a general
reserve ledger the General Reserve Ledger) compriing two subrledgers defined as the

am


Class A General Reserve Ledger and the Class B General Reserve Ledger, respectively,
halle established by the Management Company on the Fund Incorpoation Date in order to
record on any Calculaion Date the amount up to which the Treasury Account may be drawn
on the following Payment Date to make up for any shorfall o satsfy the payment of certain
items of the Interest Priority of Payment.

343. Information on any credit enhancements

In order to ssengten the financial structure of the Fund, o increase the security or the
regulaity of the payment of th Notes, or generally to transorm th financial characteristics
of the Notes and to complement the management of he Fund, he Management Company on
half of the Fund, vil entr into the transaction described below in the Base Prospectus and
inhe Decd of Incorporaton, in accordance with applicable leal provision

343. Fund Excess Mas

Irrespective of any credit enhancement mechanisms described in this section and, 40
applicable, any Hedging Agreements specific in any Issuing Document, the main protection
fe Note Series Notcholders derives, a any date from the existence o an excess margin,

"he excess margin is equal to the difference betwcen () he interest and recoveries received
under the Purchased Reccivables (les he Issucr Operating Expenses and, as he case may be,
he Hodging Not Amount due to any Eligible Hedging Counterpartics) and (si) th interest
“amounts payable under the Notes of any Note Series (les, as th case may be, ho Hodging
Net Amounts due by any Eligble Hedging Coumerpartes)

3432. Credit Enhancement of the Notes ol any Note Series
In addition to the Fund cxcess margin and the protection ofíred by the General Reserve:

(a) credit entancement for the Class A Notes of cach Notes Series vil b provided by
tb subordination of payments on the Class B Notes and he Class C Notes of the
comesponding Notes Serics during 1h Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortisation Period, and, by the subordination of payments on the Class
1 Notes and te Class C Notes of all Notes Seres durng the Programme Accelerated
Amorisation Period:

(b) credit enhancement for the Class B Notes of each Notes Series will be provided by
tb subordinaion of payments on the Class C Notes of the corresponding Notes
Series during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisason.
Period, and, by the subordination of payments on the Class C Notes of all Notes
Series during the Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period

(c) additional credit enhancement for the Notes of any Note Series will he provided:

20


6) by the all subordination of al payments on the Seller Interest Credit Facility
during the Programme Amonisation Period and th Programme Accelerted
Amortisaion Period,

6) by the overcollatealiztion in the form of additional aggregate outstanding.
pincipal balance from the Purchased Reccivables transfcred to the Fund and
funded through a Delerred Purchase Price mechanism during he Programm
Revolving Period, he Programme Amoriation Period and the Programme.
Accelerated Amoniation Period.

3433. Subordination of Class Notes

Pursuant to the Decd of Incorporation ts ights of ds holders of Class Notes to reccivo.
payments of principal and interest shall be subordinated to the rights of he holders of the
Class A Notes of the same Note Seres toreccive payments of principal and imerest, The

purpose of this subordinaion is o provide support or, without prejudic o ho rights attached
to the Class B Note, the payments of amounts of principal and interest to the holders of the
Class A Notes.

¡Such subordination consists in th sight granted to the holders of he Class A Notes of any
Noe Series to rccive on cach Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amontiston Period:

(a) any amount of interes in pricrty to any amounts of interest ayable o 1h holders of
the Class 3 Notes of such Notes Series; and

(0) — any amount of principal in priority o any amount of principal payable 10 the holders
fte Class B Notes of such Notes Seris,

provided that during the Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period hc holders of the Class
B Notes of any Note Series will not reccive any payment ol interest or principal for so long as
he Class A Notes af all Not Seres have not been redcemed in fl.

3434. - Subordination ol the Class C Notes

Pursuant to the Decd of Incorporatio ts rights of th holders of Class C Notes to recciv.
payments of principal and interest shall be subordinated to the rights ol Ahe holders of the
Class A Notes and the Class Notes the same Note Seres to reccive payments of principal
and interest. The puspose of this subordination sto provide support or, without prejudice to
le rights attached to the Class C Notes, he payments of amounts of principal and interest Lo
hc holders of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes.

¡Such subordintion consisis in the right granted to the holders of the Class A Notes and the
Class IB Notes of any Note Seris to receive on cach Payment Date during the Programme
Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisaion Period:

20


(6) any amount of interes in priority to any amounts of interest payable o th holders of
the Class C Notes of such Notes Series; and

(4) — any amount of principal in priority o any amounts of principal payable to the holders
fte Class C Notes of such Notes ers,

provided that during the Programme Accelerted Amorisation Period the holders of th
Class C Notes of any Note Seres vil mot receive any payment of interest or principal for
so long as the Class A Notes and the Class BE Notes of all Note Seris have not been
ecdecmed in fu

3435. Subordination of the Seller Interest Credit Faci

Pursuant to the Decd of the Incorporaton, during the Programme Amontisation Period and th
Programme Accelersted Amortisuion Period the rights of the Seller Interest Subordinated
Facility Provider to receive payments (5) of principal are subject o the full redempicn of
Notes of ll Note Seres and (i) ol interes are subordinated to the payments of the Notes of
any Note Serios

Such subordination consists in the right granted to th holders of the Class A Notes, the Class
B Notes and the Class C Notes of any Noto Seris to receive on cach Payment Date during the
Programme Amoniaton Period and the Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period:

(a) any amount of interest in priority to any amounts of interest payable o the Seller
Interes Subordinated Facility Provider under the Seller Interest Credit Paciiy; and

(0) — any amoant of principal in priority o any amounts of principal payable to the Seller
Interes Subordinaed Faciliy Provider under hc Seller Interest Credit acility,

provided that in cther caso the Seller Interest Subordinated Facility Provider will mot receive
any payment principal fr so long as all he Class A Notes, hc Class B Notes and the Class C
Notes of al Notes Series have not been redeemed in all

34:34. Subordination of the Deferred Purchase Price

Pursuant to the Decd of the Incorporaton, during the Programme Armortsation Period and the
Programme Accclerated Amontisation Period, the payment of the Aggregate DPP Interest
“Amount is subordinated to the payment ol imerest of the Notes of any Note Series

Funhermore, during the Programme Revolving Period and Ihe Programme Amortisation
Period ho right of the Seller o reccive payments of the Aggregato Deferred Purchase Price
remaining unpaid on the precedimg Payment Date s subordinated to hc payment of interest of
he Notes of any Note Series and, in cetin circumstances, the payment ol principal of the
Notes ol any Note Series.

In addition, during the Programme Accelerated Amoriation Period the rights of tn Sellerto
receive payments () of the Ageregate Deferred Purchase Price are subject to the full

al


redemption of the Notes of all Note Seris and () of Aggregate DPP Interest Amount are
subordinated o he payments of the Notes of any Nate Series

0)

0)

(o

343... General Reserve
Introduction

(On the Fund Incorporaton Date, the Seller as General Reserve Subordinated Facility
Provider shall provide to the Fund a subordinaed faciliy (the General Reserve
Subordinated Facility) to fund he general reserve (the General Reserve) which
hall operates a credit enhancement mechanism for the purpose of supporting the

Notes.

Tas General Reserve will be deposite on he Treasury Account af the Fund and will
comprise two subuledgers: the Class A General Reserve Ledger and the Class B.
¡General Reserve Ledger. The credit balance of these ledgers muy be applid towards
payment of imerest of the Class A Notes and Class E Notes, among other possible
uses according to the relevant Priority of Payments.

"hc General Reserve might be drawn on a Payment Dat to make up for any shortall
to saisty the payment o interest of the Class A Notes and Clas B Notes.

The main terms and condiions of the General Reserve Subordinated Facility are
described in soction 34.42 of the Additional Building Block.

Establishment of tho General Reserve

On the Fund Incorporation Dat, the Fund shall request an initial dawdown under the
General Reserve Subordinated Facility for an amount equal to the General Reserve
Required Amount as calculated by the Management Company on the fist
Disbursement Date

"hc General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provide sal! make the initial deswdowe
available to the Fund on the fist Notes Seris Issue Disbursement Date, for same
dayovalu,

Tas amount of the General Reserve will be adjusted in the amount required for it
balance to match the General Reserve Required Amount in cach Payment Date ín
order to take into account any now issuance o redemption of Notes Series

Puspose and alloction of the General Reserve
Th General Reserve will be used in accordance with and subject to th relevant

Priority of Payments by the Management Company. acting for and on behalf of the
Fund, to satisiy the obligations of the Fund,

a


¡On cach Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programm
Amorisation Period, the Treasury Account shall be debited in accordance with and!
“subject o he Interest Shorfall Priority of Payments.

(On cach Payment Date during the Programme Acceleated Amortisation Period, th
Management Company shall give the instructions to the Paying Agent to debit the
Treasury Account in order to make any of the payments st out ánimas (1). (2) and.
(3) of he Acceleratod Priority of Payments.

(4) General Reserve Required Amount

On any Disbursement Date when a Notes Serios ás issued and as of close of each
Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period, the Programme Amortisaion
Period and the Programme Accelerted Amortisation Period, the balance of the
¡General Reserve shall ut least bo equal to the sum of the Class A General Reserve
Required Amount and the Class B3 General Reservo Required Amount (ho General
Reserve Required Amount).

For such purposes, on cach Calculaion Date the Management Company shall
determine the General Reserve Required Amount on the immediately following.
Payment Date (or the applicable Disbursement Dat, as the case may be)

(e) Increase of the credit balance of he General Reserve

1 the Management Company determine on any Calculaion Date corresponding toa
Disbursement Date when a Note Series is issued that the balance of the General
Resorse will e les hat the General Reserve Required Amount on such Issue Date,
he Management Company sal give the relevant instructions to the General Reservo
Subordinaed Paciliy Provide, to credit th Treasury Account with a desdowa
under the General Reserve Subordinated Facility for an amount cquivalet to the
¡General Reserve Increase Amount taking into account, tbc Initial Principal Amount
af the Notes to be issued on such Isue Date.

(6) Decrease ofhecredit balance of the General Reservo.

1£ om any Calculation Date the Management Company determines tha th estimated
balance of the General Reserve will be higher than the General Reservo Required
Amount on the corresponding Payment Date, the Management Company shall
calcule the General Reserve Decrease Amount and shall give the relevant
insactions to the Issuer Accounts Bank to debit on the Payment Date the Treasury
“Account in such amount wbich

6) Fisly vil be used to repay any principal outstanding under the General
Resorse Subordinated Facility on such Payment Date;

2


(io secomdly, provided that Ihere are no amouns of principal or interes
outstanding under the General Reserve Subordinated Facilisy. to be
considered as Available Interest Amount,

in ciber cas such repayment being not subjctto th relevant Priority of Payments.
(8) — Final Release of the General Reserve Amount on the Fund Liquidation Date

On the Fund Liquidation Date, an amount equal to the part of the General Reserve:
Amount not applicd on such date will be used to repay any principal outstanding.
“under the General Reserve Subordinated Faciliy om such dat, such repayment being
ot subject he relevant Priority of Payments

Forihese pumposes:
Class A General Reserve Required Amount means:

(a) — om the fest Notes Issue Disbursement Dat following the Fund Incorporation Date, an
amount equal to EUR 5.413.200;

(b) — omany Disbursement Date when a new Note Series is issued, an amount as specified
in bo last Prospectos Supplement:

(<) on any Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and th Programme
Amorisation Period, ho maximum between:

6) the productor

(A) — 120 per cent. (or any olher percentage indicated in the last
Prospects Supplement): and

(8) the sum of the Principal Amount Outstanding ol the Class A Notes
of all Note Seres (taking into account the Class A Notes of any
Note Series to be issued ancíor to be redecmed on such Payment

Dat):
Gi) the Class A General Reserve Minimum Amount:
(4) — on any Payment Date during the Programme Aceclerated Amortisaton Period, the

Class A General Reserve Minimum Amount,

Class A General Reserve Replenishment Amount means, on any Payment Date on which
o mexw Noto Series is issued by the Fund, th diference (if positive) between () the Class A
General Reserve Required Amount and () he credit balance of the Class A General Reserve
Ledger on such Payment Date before the application oh applicable Priority of Payments)

2


Class General Reserve Required Amount means.

(a) — om the fist Notes Issue Disbursement Date following the Fund Incorporaion Date, an
amount equal o zo 0);

(b) — omany Disbursement Date when a new Note Series is issued, an amount as specified
in bo last Prospectos Supplement:

(<) on any Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme
Amorisation Period, ho maximum between:

6) the productor
(A) the following applicable percentage:

(aa) — 0.50 per cent. (or any other percentage indicated in he last
Prospectus Supplement) úf the Clase A Notes of all Note
Series have not been redeemed in fall or

(bb) 1 per cent. (or any other percentage indicated in the last
Prospectus Supplement) úf the Clase A Notes of all Note
Series have been fully redeemed;

and

(8) the sum of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class Notes
of all Note Series (ncluding Principal Amount Oststanding of the
Class E Notes of any Note Series to be issued but cxcluding
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes of any Note
Series o be redoemed on such Payment Date)

(io the Class B General Reserve Minimum Amount;

(d) — on any Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period, zero
UN

Class B General Reserve Replenishmment Amount mcans, on any Payment Date om which
o ner Nole Series s issued by the Fund, the diference (if postie) between () the Class B
General Reserve Required Amount and () he credit balance o he Clas 3 General Reserve
Ledger on such Payment Date (before he application o applicable Priority of Payments)

¡General Reserve Decrease Amount mcans, on any Payment Date during the Programme
Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period, the minimum between (a) and (b)

(a) beingequaltotbe positive difference (if any) on such Payment Date between:

6) (5) he amount of he General Reserve (before application of the Priority of
Payments on such Payment Date) ess (y) the amount of hc use mado under

an



he General Reserve on such Payment Date in accordance with items (9) and
(6) ofthe Interest Shorfal Priority of Payments: and

(Gi) the applicable General Reserve Required Amount on such Payment Date

(b) being cqual to the outstanding amount of the General Reservo Subordinated Facility
on such Payment Date (before applicaion of 1h Priority of Payments on such
Payment Date).

"he General Reserve Decrease Amount shall be equal to zero (0) during the Programme
Accelerated Amoriation Period.

“General Reserve Increase Amount means, on any Payment Date during the Programme
Revolving Period when a new Note Series is isued, the amount that the Seller shall credito
he Treasury Account in onder to increase the credit balance of the General Reserve up to the
General Reserve Required Amosnt as determined by the Management Company.

Class A General Reserve Minimum Amount means, on any Payment Date, an amount
equal o the product ob:

(a) 0.60 per cent (or any cer percentage indicated in the last Prospectus Supplement)
and
(0) the sum of the Initial Principal Amount of the Class A Notes of all Note Series on

such date (including he Initial Principal Amount of the Class A Notes of any Note
Series to be issued but excluding the Initial Principal Amount of the Class A Notes of
any Note Seres to be redeemed on such Payment Date), provided that s from the
date on which the Class A Notes of all Note Series have fully redecmed, such amount
shall o equal to zero (0).

Class 15 General Reserve Minimum Amount mcons on any Payment Date during the
Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amontisation Period (only), an amount
equal o the product ob

(a) thefollowing applicable percentage:

6) 020 per cent. (or any other percentage indicated in the last Prospectus
Supplemen) fte Class A Notes oP all Not Series have not been redeemed
in all or

(io 070 per cent. (or any ler percentage indicated in the last Prospectus
Supplement) áf the Class A Notes of all Note Series have been fully
redoemed:

and

216


(0) the sumof the Initial Principal Amount of the Class B Notes of all Note Series on
such date (including the Initial Principal Amount of the Class 3 Notes of any Note
Series o be issued but excluding he Initial Principal Amount of he Class B Notes of
any Note Seres to be redecmed on such Payment Date), provided that s from the
dto an which sll Class B Notes o al Note Serios have fully redcomed, such amount
shall o cqual to zero (0)

neral Reserve Shortfall Amount means, as calculated in respect of cach Payment Date:

(a) — During the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amoriation Period,
the positive difcrence between () and Gi:

6) is equal o te aggregate amount of ll uses mado under the General Reserve.
in accordance wih the relevant Priority of Payments since the Fund
Incorporation Date (including any use to be made as hc case may be on such
Payment Date)

Gi) is equal to the sum of:

(A) — the aggregate amount of all General Reserve Replenishment
Amounts mado since the Fund Incorporation Date (including any
General Reserve Replenishment Amount to be made as the caso
may be on such Payment Date) and

(8) — the aggregate amount of all General Reserve Shorfall Amounts
effcctively repaid to the General Reserve Subordinated Facility
Provider since the Fund Incorporation Date (excluding the General
Reserwe Shonfall Amount to be repsid as the case may be on such
Payment Date).

(6) — During the Programme Accelerted Amortsation Period, the outstanding amount of
the General Reserve Subordinated Facility on such Payment Date (before the
application of the Priority of Payments on such Payment Date).

1 the General Reserve has been drawn in a Payment Date, hc amount of the disposal
af the Class A General Reserve Amount and Class B General Reserve Amount vil be
replenished on the next Payment Date following the Interst Priority-of Payment,
under points 4) and $) respectively. 1£ he General Reserve Minimum Required
Amount suffers a decrease before 1h replenishment previously mentioned, the
«omesponding decrease amount vil be paid directly to the Facility Provider under the
point 18) 0 he Imerest Priority of Payments

34:35. — Commingling Reserve

(a) Introduction

27


(On the Fund Incorporation Date, the Seller as Commingling Reserve Subordinated
Facility Provider shall provide the Fund a subordinated facility (he Commnin
Reserve Subordinated Facility) o fund the commingling reserve (the Commingling
Reserve) up to the Commingling Reserve Required Amount as a credit enhancement
mechanism to mitigat th commingling risk

Tas min terms and conditions of the Commingling Reserve Subordinaed Fa
are described in scction 3.4.4.3 of he Additional Building Block.

(0) EstblishmentofUhe Commingling Reserve.

On the Fund Incorporation Dat, the Fund shall request an initial dawdown under the

Commingling Reserve Subondinated Faciliy for an amount qual to the

Commingling Reserve Required Amount (calculated in accordance with section
“Commingling Reserve Required Amount” below),

The Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facilyy Provider sball make the initial
drawdown available to the Fund on the first Notes Serics Isue Disbursement Date
following the Fund Incorporation Date, for same day-valus, by crditing the amount
fte initial dravdown into th Treasury Account

On cach Calculation Date, the Management Company shall verify that the credit
balance of the Commingling Reserve is equal to the applicable Commingling Reserve
Required Amount on the next Setlemen Date (o th applicable Disbursement Date,
as lhe case may be) and, if necessary, adopt he measures required to credit the
“account in onderto achicve the Commingling Reserve Required Amount,

(<) — Pusposeand Allocation of the Commingling Reserve

"The Commingling Reserve will be used and applicd by the Management Company to
satisty the obligations of the Fund following a breach by the Servicer af its payment
úbligaions

In such case:

6) the Commingling Reservo Amount will be immediately used by the
Management Company and applicd to satisfy the obligations of he Fund up.
o the amount of any Available Collections nonransferrd to the Treasury
Account; and

(io provided that the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Paciligy Provider is
also the Servicer), the Management Company will be etld to setoff the
claim of the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider for
repayment under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility against the
amount of lhe Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider (as
Servicer) reached financial obligatios, up to th lowest of () he unpaid

ae


“amount and () hc outstanding amount of the Commingling Reserve before
any use is made to satity the obligations of hc Fund on such date, and to
apply ihe comesponding funds as part of the Available Collections in
“accordance with the Priority of Payments on the immediately following
Payment Date.

Exceptin th circumstances specified above, the amounts standing to the credit of the
Commingling Reserve shall not be part of the Available Distribution Amount (it shall
belong to the Availble Principal Amount and the Available Interes Amount when.
lic breach by th Sello occurs) and shall nithr be applicd to mul any payment due.
in accordance with and subject to the applicable Priority of Payments, nor to
guarantee any Borrowers payment default under the relevant Purchased Receivables

(4) Commingling Reserve Required Amount

The Commingling Reserve Required Amount shall be calculated by the Management
Company on the basis of he ste information provided to t y the Service Such
calculo shall made on cach Calculation Dat.

Tas credit balance of the Commingling Reserve should be equal to the applicable
Commingling Reserve Required Amount determined by the Management Company
and, if necessary, the measure requied in order o achieve the Commingling Reserve:
Resqired Amount must be adopted.

For lose purposes

Commingling Reserve Required Amount ncans an amount equal to the 1.56% of
hc Outstanding Principal Balance of the recivables

Commingling Reserve Shortfall Amount means, as calulated in respect of cat
Payment Date, hc postie difference between (1) and ():

6 is equal to the aggregate amount of all uses mado under the Commingling
Reserve in accordance with the Programme Documents since the Fund
Incorporation Date (including any use to be made as the case may be on such
Payment Date)

Gi) is equal to the sum of:

(A) the aggregate of all amounts the Fund previously failed 10 receive
and for which an use of the Commingling Reserve had been made
boy debi from the Treasury Account (these amounis were due by the
Seller and therefore will not be reimbursed o 11) since he Fund
Incorporation Date up to such Payment Date (included).

29


(8) — the aggregate amount of all Commingling Reserve Shortfall
Amounis effecively repaid to the Commingling Reserve
Subordinated Facility Provider since the Fund Incorporation Date
(excluding the Commingling Reserve Shortall Amount o be repaid
as the case may be on such Payment Date)

(£) — Adjustments of hc Commingling Reserve.

On cach Calculation Date, the Management Company will. determine the
Commingling Reserve Required Amount to be drawn under or repaid to, as the case
may be, the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Faciliy on the immediately
following Senlement Date (or the immediately following Disbursement Date when a
ev Nate Seres issued, a he case may be) or Payment Date respectively.

Tas balance of the Commingling Reserve shall be adjusted on cach Seulement Date,
Disbursement Date (when a mew Note Series ds issued) or Payment Date (as
applicable) and shall be always cqual to the applicable Commingling Reserve:
Resqired Amount, The Management Company sall ensure that the credit balance of
he Treasury Account in concept of Commingling Reserve sha! always be equal to
the applicable Commingling Reserve Required Amount

Anerease of he credi balance ofthe Commingling Reserve

1 the Management Company determines on any Calculaion Date that the balance of
he Commingling Reserve will be below the applicable Commingling Reserve.
Required Amount on the next Setlement Date (or the immediately Disbursement
Date, when a new Noto Series is issued), ho Management Company shall request an

in an amount equal to
Commingling Reserve Increase Amount to be credited in the Treasury Account om

“advance under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility

hi next Setlement Date or the Disbursement ate respectively).
Decrease of the eredis balance f the Commingling Reserve

1 the Management Company determines on any Calculation Dat that th estimated
balance of the Commingling Reserve will be excecding the applicable Comingling
Reserve Required Amount on the next Payment Date, hc Management Company
shall calculate the Commingling Reserve Decrease Amount and sball give the
relevant instructions to the Issuer Accounts Bank to debit the Treasury Accosnt in
such amount which will be uscd to repay any principal outstanding under the
Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility on such Payment Dato, such repayment
ot bin subjes to the relevant Priority al Payments.

Nowwithstanding the above, if the Management Company docs not reccive any
Monthly Servicer Repon, it shall be enild to rtain any amount that should be used
to repay the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility until th date on which.
Management Company shall reccie from the Servicer (or any replacement services)

20


hi Monthly Servicer Report or oler documentary cvidence which demonstats to
he satistaction of the Management Company that there are no remaining amounts
which should be tranferre by tho Servicer to the Fund in respect of all Available
Collections it reccived during all Collection Period for which no Monthly Servicor
Report had been prepared by the Servicer and/or sent to the Fund by the Servir

1 the Management Company has ulimatelyreccived the Monthly Servicer Reports)
andíor the abovementioned satisfaciory documentary evidence, the Management
Company shall make the necessary reconcilitions and determine the final amount of
the Commingling Reserve

Final Release of he Commingling Reserve

On the Fund Liquidation Date, subject to the full redemption of the Noles, the
satisfaction of al! Services obligations (including but not limited to, with respect to
the collection and administration of the Purchased Reccivables) and that here are
amount oÉ principal or interest outstanding under the Commingling Reserve.
Subordinated Facility, an amount equal to the part of the Commingling Reserve:
“Amount not applicd on such date will be used to repay any principal and interest
outstanding under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility on such date such
epayment not being subject o the relevant Priority of Payments

For ose purposes

Commingling Reserve Amount means, on any date, the credit balance of the
Commingling Reserve,

Commingling Reserve Increase Amount mcans, on any Seulement Date, the
positive dierence betwcen the applicable Commingling Reserve Required Amount
and the Commingling Reservo Amount

34.33. Security over the Collections Accounts

In order to miigat th commingling risk and in addision to the Commingling Reserve, on th
Fund Incorporation Dat and for so long as the Sellers the Sevicer, WIZINK as Servicr has
agreed to gran to the Fund a pledge over is ín rem rights in respec of sl sumas due to the
Fund and deposited from timo to time in the Collections Account (including the interes
“acerued from time to time on such amounts (if any) and all claims and righs of WIZINK (as
account holder) under he Collections Account Bank Agreement) as security or the Secured
Obligations (as defined below) (hc “Pledge”). The Collections Account will be used
exclusively in accordance with and for the purposes set out in section 3727 of the
Additional Building Block

The Pledge vil be granted under the collections accounts security document granted on 191
July 2017 (Collections Account Security Document).


“As ong ash Collections Account Bank has not reccived a Stop Instruction Notice from the
Management Company (acting on behal! of the Fund) funess a Release Notice is received by
the Collections Account Bank from the Management Company (acting on behalf of the Fund)
in respect of such Stop Insructin Notice (with a copy being lso set to the Service)

(a) the Servicer shall be etilo instuct the Collections Account Bank to carry out the
relevant credit instructions of the amounts payable by ho Borrowers under the Credit
Card Agreements

(0) the Servicr shall give, on cach Busines Day (no later than 2:00 pm), any necessary
instructions to the Col
standing to the credit of the Collections Accounts are wired on tb immediately
following Busines Day to the credit of the Treasury Account; and

ctions Accownt Bank to ensure tt the Available Collections

(6) the Management Company shall not be entiled to give any debit or credit instruction
to he Collections Account Bank

On the calir of () he reccipt by the Management Company of a notiicaion from the
Servicer of th occurence of a Potemal Servicer Termination Event or () the Management
Company becoming aware of the occurtence of a Potetial Service Termination Ever, the
Management Company (acting on behalf of the Fund) may serve a Stop Instruction Notice to
the Collections Account Bank, with copy to the Service. Upon receipt by the Collections
Account Bank ol a Stop Instruction Notice (and unless a Release Notice in respec of such
¡Stop Instruction Notice is received by the Collections Account Bank from the Management
“Company (acting on behalf of the Fund) (with a copy being lso set 1 the Sevicer)

(a) subject1o(b) below, he Service shall no longer be ente to give instructions to the
Collections Account Bank in respec of the Collections Accounts

(b) — the Servicer shall remain entiled to instruc the Collections Account Bank to cary
ut the relevant credit instructions of the amounts payable by the Borrowers under the
Credit Card Agreements

(c) any automatic traster(i any) of the credit balance of the Collections Accounts to the
credit of the Treasury Account put in place at the request of the Services shall be.
discontinued;

(4) subject 1o (b) above, the Collections Accounts will be operated by the Management
Company only (and/or by any person designated by the Management Company):

(6) — the Management Company (andíor by any person designated by the Management
Company, shall instuct he Collections Account Bank to automatically transfer to th
Treasury Account the credit balance of the Collections Accounts as well as any funds
received daily thercafier us from the stat of the Stop Instruction Notice until a
Release Notice is served.

2


1 the Management Company is satisficd that the Potential Sevicer Termination Event
mentioned in the Stop Instruction Notice is remedied wilhin the corresponding cure period (if
any) and no olher event which could result in a Potential Servicer Termination Event has
occurred, ihe Management Company (acting on ehalí of ic Fund) shall send a Release
Notice to the Collections Accounts Bank, wilh copy to the Servicer. Fortwih upon receipt
hy the Collections Account Bank of a Release Notice delivered by the Management Company
(acting om behalf o hc Fund) and without prejudice to th right of the Management Company
o send furor Stop Instruction Notics to the Collections Account Bank, with copy o the
Servicer:

(0) the Service shall e again authorised o operte any Collections Accounts by giving
red and debít instructions o hc Collections Accounts Bank in accordance with the
provisions above and

(8) any automatic transfer any) of the credit balance of the Collections Accounts to the
credit of aho Treasury Account put in place at the request af the Servicer and
discontinued in accordance with th above shall be resumed,

"se Management Company (acting in he namo and on behalf of the Fund) shall be enla to
enforce the Pledge upon the occunence of an Enforcement Exent (as defined below) by using
hc credit balance from cach Collections Accounts only o the extent necessary in order to
ensure that all the outstanding amounts under the Secured Obligations are irevocably and
fully saifia, any remaining suples being repad to WIZINK.

Tas Pledge will only be discharged once all the Secured Obligtions are uncondiionally and
irrevocably paid and discharged in full.

Funhcrmore, in accordance with the Collections Accounts Security Document the Servicer
Shall grant as ts own expense, a deed (escritura) of ievocable power of attoney (he
Irrevocable Power ol Attorney) in favour of the Management Company, acting in he name.
of he Fund, in relation o the Pledge in order to ensure compliance with the undertakings
“assumed by vue of th Collections Accounts Security Document

For ose purposes
«Curable Exents” mesos

(a) amy breach by the Servcor of any of its material non=monctary oblgations (other than
the fllure to provide the Monthly Servicer Report to the Management Company)
vnder any Programme Document to which its a pary (except the breach is due to
force majeure)

(b) — amy of the represenations or warrantics made or given by Ihe Servicer under any
Programme Document to which ts a party or in any centficat delivered pursuant to
tb Programme Documents to which it is paty ás matrilly false or incoreetán any.
material respect; or

as


(o

the Server has not provided the Management Company wit the Monthly Servicer
Report on two consecutivo Monthly Reporting Dates (except fte breach is due to
force majcure).

«Enforcement Event” meuns the occurence of a Servicor Termination Exent which is
Fontinsing and has not ben cured wihin the relevant cur period.

“Non<Curable Event” means:

0)

0)

(o

any breach by the Servicer of ls obligations Lo transfer monies o the Treasury
Account on the Business Day following the date on which such monies are recived!
by ho Sellr (except if the breach s due to force majcure.

subject to (a) above, any breach by the Servicer of any of ts monctary obligaions
when due under any Programme Document o which isa paty (except if the breach
is dueto force majcure).

the occurrence of any of he following event in espect of the Servicer:

(6) The Service is unable or admits inbility to pay lts debis as hy fall due,
suspends making payments on any of ts debts or by reason of actual or
anticipated financial diíficulis, commences negotistins with one or more
fits creditors wáth a view to reschedaling any ol ts indebtedness

(Except s provided telow, any corporate action, legal procecdings or olher
procedure or steps taken in relation to:

(A) a declartion of insolvency (concurso), winding up, intervention,
disolutio, administration or reorgansation (by way of voluntary
arangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of the Servicer

(8) the appointment of a liquidaor, administrator (judicial or otherwise)
compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of the
Servicer or any of ts assets

(C) the revocation, witdrawal or suspension by the Bank of Spain of
the license of the Servicer as credit institution or the taking of any
disciplinry, resolution, recapialisation or recovery action against
ibi Seviccr pursuant to legisition implementing Directivo
2014/SO/EU of the Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014.
in any jurisdicion which has a material negative effect om the
abiliy of ihe Seevicer to perform is obligaions under any
Programme Document: or

EN)


(D) any analogous procedure or siep's taken in any juisicton,

provided however hat no such event wowld have occurred if any petition is frivolows
or venatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed awilhin 30 days of

(4) — at any time (its or becomes unlawíul for the Service o perform or comply with
any or all of ts material obligations under the Servicing Agreement or Gi) any or ll
fis material obligaions under the Servicing Agreement are not, or case to be,
legal, valid and binding including as a resul of any act, omission, fallure defat or
misconduct of the Service)

Potential Servicer Terr

ination Event” means the occurrence af
(e) aNowCurable Event

(6) a Curable Event which has not been cured within five (5) Business Days of hc day on
which the Servicer has served he relevant notification to the Management Company
or, if cari, he day on which the Management Company is aware ol

Release Notice means the notice to be delivered by the Management Company (acting om
behalf of to Fund) o the Collections Accouns Bank whercby, amongst others, the Servicer
hall resume to be entiled to give any debi o cri instruction in respect af the Collections
Accounts

Secured Obligations mans all payment obligations of the Service to the Pund puesuant to
“and in relation o the Serving Agreement

Stop Instruction Notice means the notice o be delivered by the Management Company
(acting on behalf the Fund) o the Collections Accounts Bank whereby, amongst others the
Servicer shall no longer be entitled to give any debi instraction in respect of he Collections
Accounts.

344. Details of any subordinated deb financing

Tas Subordinatod Faciles Providers will grant the Fund hc Subordinated Facilities, the
main terms and conditions whercof are described below

For these purposes, Subordinated Facilities Providers means (1) the Commingling Reserve
Subondinated Facility Provide, (i) the Expenses Subordinated Facilisy Provider, (si) the
General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider and (iv) the Seller Interest Credit Pacility
Provider.



344.1. Expenses Subordinated Facility

"hc Expensos Subordinated Facility Provider will grant a subordinated facility (1he Expenses
Subordinated Facility) to the Fund in accordance with the provisions of the Expenses
Subordinated Facility Agreement he Expenses Subordinated Facility Agreement) that the
Management Company will us to fund the Initial Expensos and the Note Series Issue
Expenses (he Fund Non-Operative Expenses)

"hc Expenses Subordinated Facility is ol a subordinated nature, such tha the interest and
principal amouns owed to he Expenses Subordinated Facility Provider will be subject, s the
case may be, to the applicable Priority of Payments set out in section 3.472 of this
Additional Building Block

The agregate maximum amount of the Expenses Subordinated Facility is up to EUR
1100.00, corresponding to the Initial Expenses and the Note Series Issue Expenses in
connection with he first Notes Series issued by the Fund (the Maximum Expenses
Subordinated Facility Amount).

Nowwilkstanding the above, furor to any drawdown request, dhe Expenses Subordinated
Facility Provider underakes to, and the Management Company. acting in the name and on.
behalf he Fund, agres o, increase the Maximum Expenses Subordinated Facility Amount
o mul available any amounts required to fund the Note Series Isue Expenses in connection
with the issue of further Note Series by the Fund during the Programme Revolving Period,
ing specific tt:

(2) the issue of further Note Series by the Fund during the Programme Revolving Period
and the amount of the related Note Sercs Issue Expenses shall be subject to prior
appeoval by the Seller: and

(b) such inecase shall be made without he need to obtain the prior consent from the
Noteholders or aber funders ofhe Fund: and

(6) the failure to fund an amount cqual to the Note Series Issue Expenses on o prior the
relevant Issue Date of such Note Seres is an carly terminaion cvent of he issue oa
Note Series parsuant to section 447,1 of the Registration Document

The amount of the Expenses Subordinated Facil will be drawn through as many
drawdowns as may be required during the Availability Period, The Availability Period shall
commence on the Fund Incomporaion Date and shall end on the last day of tc Programme
Revolving Period (for these purpose, the Availability Period)

On the Fund Incorporation Date, the Management Company shall request an initial draudow
“under the Expenses Subordinated Facility to fund the Initial Expenses and the Note Series
Issue Expensos of the fist Notes Seics, The Expenses Subordinated Faciliy Provider sal
make such initial drawown available o hc Fund on the fist Note Serie Disbursement Date,
for same day-valu, by crediting ts amount into ho Treasury Account


Additional, and during the Availbiliy Period (to the cxtent tha a new Noto Series will be
issued by the Fund on the following Issue Dates), hs Management Company shall request am
“adéitional drawdown under the Expensos Subordinated Facility n an amount equal to the
Nouos Series Issue Expenses in connection with th forbhcoming Note Series as calculated by
he Management Company and agrecd by Seller. The dravidown request shall nd to be
delivered on or prior o the Caleulation date before the Issue Date of the new Notes Serios
Tac drawdown amount vil e credited in the Treasury Account no later han the relevant
Disbursement Date

Th Fund sball repay the amounts made availble to t under the Expenses Subordinated
Facility on cach Payment Date by an amount cqual to the Avwilable Distribution Amount after
educting the amounts ranking aha of tin he relevant Priority of Payments (he Expenses
Facility Principal Amount). Moreover, the Fund shall repay principal under the Expenses
Subondinated Facility on the first Payment Dat following the date of cach diswdown in an
“amount (any) equal to the excess of the amount of the relevant drawdown over the amount
df the relevant Fund Non-Operaive Expenses actually incurred or committed by the Fund in
relation to the relevant Note Series. Such payment shall be made to the Expenses
Subondinated Facility Provider directly, ithout application of any Priority of Payments

Principal amounts rpaid will be available for subsequent drawdowas up to the Maximum
Expenses Subordinated Facility Amount n connection with dh issu of further Notes Series
exclusively.

Any Expenses Facil Principal Amounts due tunder the Expenses Subordinated F'
vwbich have not been paid to the Expenses Subordinated Facility Provider ducto shortage af
Avslable Distribuion Amowmts will be paid on he following Payment Date on wbich the
Available Distribution Amounts permit said payment according to th applicable Priority af
Payments. Such deferred Expenses Facility Principal Amownts will be puid st th same rank:
but in preforence to th Expenses Facility Principal Amounts payable in relation to the
Expenses Subondinaed Facilyy on said Payment Date. The Expenses Facility Principal
“Amount owed to the Expensos Subordinatd Faciliy Provider that remains unpaid according
to the provision of the prior paragraphs vil mot acerue default interes in favour of the
Expenses Subordinated Facil Provider

di

Tas amounts oststanding under the Expenses Subordinated Facility shall accrue interest Such
interest will be calculated on the basis of an annual interes at, which will be EURIBOR one.
(1) Momh + 1% (provided that the interest rate cannot be lower than 0%.) (the Expenses
Facility Interest Amount)

For these purposes, EURIBOR one (1) month means , in respect of cach Interest Acerual
Periad (as defined below), the rate offered in the Eurozone Interbank market for onc=montb
curo deposits which appear on he Reuters EURIBORO! screen a 11:00 h (Central European
Time) two (2) TARGET2 Business Days before the date on which such Interest Acera
Periad begins. 1 he Reuters screen is not available a at the time specified above, then the

27


ae for any relevant period will be determined in accordance with the provision set out in
section 4.7.6) ofthe Securities Note.

Tas term of the Expenses Subordinsted Facility shall be divided ino consccutive interest
“acerual periods (cach of them, an Interest Accrual Period) comprising the days cffectiely
elapsed between cach Payment Date, including in cach Interest Accrual Period the initial
Payment Date and excluding the final Payment Dat Th fist Inres Accrual Period shall
commence on the Fund Incorporation Date and cnd on th inmediately following Payment
Date.

Tas Exponses Facility Interest Amount will be sctled on cach Payment Date, and will be
calculated on the following bass: he actal effective days in each Interest Accrual Period
“and (a 260 day year. The Expenses Paciliy Interest Amount will he paid on cach Payment
Date in accordance vih and subject to 1h Priority of Payments

“Any Expenses Facility Interest Amount duc under tho Expenses Subordinated Facily which
have not ben paid to the Expenses Subordinated Facilty Provider due to shortage of
Available Distribution Amowmts will be paid on the following Payment Date on wbich the
Available Distribution Amounts permit said payment according to th applicable Priority of
Payments. Such deferned Expenses Facility Interest Amount will e paid at the same rank but
in preference o the Expenses Facility Imerest Amount payable in relation to the Expenses
Subordinated Paciliy on said Payment Date. The Expenses acility Inerest Amount owed to
the Expenses Subordinated Facility Provider that remains umpaid according to the provisions
fte prior paragraph will not accru default interes in fovowr of the Expensos Subordinated
Fciliy Provider.

The Expenses Subordinated Faciliy shall be repaid by the Fund án full on the Fund
Liquidation Date and subjct to th full payment of any amount ranking in higher priority
úpursuant to applicable Priority of Payments. Any amount under the Expenses Subordinated
Facility not paid on the Fund Liquidation Date shall be cancelled and decmed as final loss
for the Expenses SubordinatedFaciliy Provider.

Tas Expenses Subordinated Facility Agreement shall ed on the calir of:
(a) the Fund Liquidaion Date; or
(b) — as the case may be, the Payment Date on which all the amounts due (ciber as

principal o intees) under the Expenses Subordinted Facility are satisicd and no.
funer drawdowns are permite thercunder.

3442. General Reserve Subordinated Facility

The General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider will grant a General: Reserve
Subondinated Facil to the Fund in accordance with the proviions of the General Reserve
Subordinated Facility Agreement (the General Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement)
late Management Company will use to fund the General Reserve.

ES


"hc General Reserve Subordinated Faciliy is of a subordinated nature such that the interest
“amownis owed to the General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider may be subject to the
relevant Priority of Payments st ut in section 34.720 this Additional Building Block.

"hc maximum amount of the General Reserve Subordinated Facility is up to EUR 5.413.200,
comesponding to the General Reseree Required Amount as of the first Notes. sue
Disbursement Date as calculated by the Management Company (he Maximum General
Reserve Subordinated Facility Amount)

Nowwitkstanding_ 1he above, furber to any draudown request, the General Reservo
Subordinated Facilisy Provider undertakes to, and the Management Company, acting in the
mame and on behalf of the Fund, agrees to, increase the Maximum General Reserve
Subordinated Facility Amount to th extent required in order to make available any amounts
required to fund any General Reserve Increase Amount in he context of the issue of funher
Noe Series approved by the Seller during the Programme Revolving Period, being specific
lat such increase shall be mude without the need to obtain he prior consent from the
Notholders or any other funders o hc Fund.

In addition, the General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider and the Management
Company, acting in he name and on behalf of the Fund, may agre o voluntarily increase the
Maximum General Reserve Subordinated Facility Amon from time to time in oder o make
available additional drawdowns under the General Reserve Subordinated Facility to avoid any
downgrade or withdrawal of the rating of the hen outstanding Rated Notes by any Relevant
Rating Agency,

"hc General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider and the Management Company, acting
in th name and on behalf of the Fund, may agree to decrease the maximum General Reserve.
Subondinated Facility Amount from time 10 time during the Programme Revolving Period
vvithout the need to obtin the prior consent from the Notholders or any other funders of the
Fund, subjec to the satisfaction of following conditions:

(a) such decrease shall not cause a repayment or a prepayment of any drawdown
previously made under the General Reserve Subordinated Facil

(b) — priornotice is given by the Management Company to cach Relevant Rating Agencies
10 later than hity (30) calendar days prior to the effective date of such decrease;

(6) amy decrease will not result in he downgrade or withdrawal of the then curent rating
of any ol the then outstanding Rated Notes by any of the Relevant Rating Agencies;
and

(d) the decrease will not cause the occurrence of a Revolving Termination Event or an
Accclerated Amonisation Exent

Tas amount of the General Reserve Subordinated Facilisy vil be drawn through as many
drawdowns as may be required during the Availability Period in connection with the issue of

29


further Note Seris only. The Availbiliy Period hal! commence on he Fund Incorporation
Date and shall end on the last day of hc Programme Revolving Period (for Ihese purposes,
le Availability Period).

On the Fund Incorporation Dat, the Management Company shall request an initial drawdow
under the General Reservo Subordinated Facility for an amount of EUR 5413200, The
“amount of te initial drawdown will be equal to the General Reserve Required Amount as of
le first Notes Issue Disbursement Dat, as calculated by the Management Company. The
General Reserve Subordinted Paciliy Provider shall make the initial drawdown available to
he Fund on the fist Notes Isue Disbursemen Date, for sume day-value, by creditig the
“amount o he initial drawvdown nto the Treasury Account

Additionaly, and during the Availabiliy Period, he Management Company determines on
any Calculaion Date it the balance of the General Reserve will be below the General
Reserve Required Amount on the next Disbursement Date when u Note Series ¿issued by the
Fund, he Management Company shall request an additional deawdown under he General
Reserse Subordinated Facility in respect of the amount of ile General Reserve Increase
“Amount. The drawdown request shall need to be delivered on or prior to the Calculaion Date
preceding such Disbursement Date. The General Reserve Increase Amount will he credied in
he Treasury Account on the Disbursement Date.

The Fund shall repay th amoonts made available to it under the General: Reserve
Subondinated Facility on cach Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period or the
Programme Amortisaion Period by an amount cqual to the applicable General Reserve.
Decrease Amount (as determined by the Management Company on the relevant Calculation
Date) on the relevant Payment Date, such repayment being not subject to the applicable
Priority of Payments.

For he avoidance of domi, no General Reserve Decrease Amount shall be repaid during the
Programme Aceclerated Amorisation Period.

“Any General Reserve Shonfall Amount due under the General Reserve Subordinated Facil
vil be paid on cach Payment Date in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. The
¡General Reserve Shontall Amount will not accrue interest or default intrestán favor of the
¡General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider

Principal under the General Reserve Subontinated Faciliy shall be repaid by the Fund on the
Fund Liquidation Date in an amount cqual to the General Reserve Amount. Any principal
“amount under the General Reserve Subordinated Faciliy not paid on the Fund Liquidaion
Date pursunt to the preceding paragraph shall be cancelled and decmed as a final loss for
tc General Reserve SubordinatedFaciliy Provider.

Principal amounts repsid will be available for subsequent deawdowo up to Ahe Maximum
General Reserve Subordinated Facility Available Amount in connection with th issue af
furher Note Series or o avoid any downgrade or wihdraval of the rating of Abe 1h
úutstanding Rated Notes by any Relevant Rating Agency.

2


The amowns outstanding under the General Reserve Subordinated Facility shall accrue
interest, Such interest il e calculted on the basis of an annual iteest rate, which will be
EURIBOR for one (1) Momh + 1% (provided tha he interest rate cannot be lower than 09%)

(tte General Reserve Interest Amount).

For these purposes, EURIBOR one (1) month means , in respect of cach Interest Acerual
Periad (as defined below), the rate offered in the Eurozone Interbank market for onc=montb
curo deposits which appear on he Reuters EURIBORO! screen a 11:00 h (Central European
Time) two (2) TARGET2 Business Days before the date on which such Interest Accrual
Periad begins. 1 he Reuters screen is not available as at the time specified above, then the
ate for any relevant period will bo determined in accordance sit the provisios set out in
section 4.7.6) of he Securities Note.

"hc term of the General Reservo Subordinated Facility shall he divided ino consecutivo
interest accrual periods (cach of them, an Interest Accrual Period) comprising the days
elíectively clapsed between cach Payment Date, including in cach Interest Acerual Period the
¿niial Payment Date and excluding th final Payment Dato. The fist Interest Accrual Period
shall commence on the Fund Incorporaion Date and end on th immediately following
Payment Date.

The General Reserve Interest Amount will be setled on cach Payment Date, and will be
calculated on the following bass: he actual effective days in cach Interest Accrual Period
“and (li) a 360 day year. The General Reserve Interest Amount will be paid on cach Payment
Date in accordance with hc relevant Priority of Payments

“Any General Reserve Interest Amownts duc under the General Reserve Subordinted Faciliy
which have not ben paid to th General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider due to
shortage of Available Distribution Amounts will be paid on the following Payment Date on
wwbich the Available Distribution Amounts permit aid payment according o the applicable
Priority of Payments. Such defered amounts vil be paid on the same rank but ín preference.
o th General Reserve Interest Amounts payable in relation to the General Reserve
Subordinated Paciiy on sid Payment Date. The General Reserve Interest Amounts owed to
he General Reserve Subordinated Faciliy Provider that remains umpaid according to the
provisions of the prior paragraph will not accrue default interest in favour of th General
Resor Subordinated Facility Provider.

Any General Reserve Interest Amount under the General Reserve Subordinaed Facilisy not
paid on the Fund Liquidation Date shal be canceled and deemod as a final loss for the
General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider

Th General Reserve Subordinated Faciliy Agreement shallcnd on the caricr f:

(a) the Fund Liquidaion Date; or


(b) — as the case may be, the Payment Date on which all he amounis due (ciber as
principal or interest) under the General Reserve Subordinated Facility are satisied!
and no further diwdowns a permite ihercunder

344.3. Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility

"The Commingling Reservo Subordinated Facility Provide will grant a Comingling Reserve
Subordinaed Facility in accordance with the provisions of the Commingling Reserve
Subordinated Facility Agreement (the Commingling Reserve Subordinated. Facility
Agreement) that the Management Company will use o fund the Commingling Reserve,

Te Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility is of a subordinated nature, such that the
interest amounts owed to the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider wi be
subject o the relevant Priority of Payments et out in section 3472 of this Additional
Eilding Block.

The total amount of the Commingling Reserve Subordinatod Faciliyy will be EUR
30.000,000.00 (he Maximum Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Amount)

Nowwitkstanding the above, furiber to any drawdown request, the Commingling Reserve:
Subordinated Facility Provider undertakes to, and the Management Company, acting in the
ame and on behalf of th Fund agrecs to, increase the Maximum Commingling Reserve
Subondinated Facility Amount to th extent required in order to make available any amounts
required to fund any Commingling Rescrve Increase Amount during the Availbiliy Period,
ing specific tt:

a) no prior consent from the Noteholders or any olhor fanders o he Fund vil be required:

b), the failure to fund the Conmmingling Reserve up to the Commingling Reserve Required
“Amount on the Issue Date of the relevant Note Seris is an carl termination event of the
issue ofa Note Series pursuant to section 4.4.7.1 of the Registration Document

In addiion, the Conmingling Reservo Subordinaed Facility Provider and the Management
Company acting in hc name and on behalf of the Fund, may agree to decrease the Masimum
Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facilty Amount from time to time withost the need to
úbtain the prior conse from the Notcholders or any other funders of hc Fund, subjec to the
satisfaction of th following conditions

(a) such decrease shall not cause a repayment or a prepayment of any drawdown
previously made under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility:

(b) — prior notice is given by the Management Company to cach Relevant Rating Agencies
10 later than hity (30) calendar days prior to the effective date of such decrease;

22


(6) amy decrease wi

ot result in the downgrade or withdrawal of he then current rating
of any ol the then outstanding Rated Notes by any of the Relevant Rating Agencies
and

(d) the decrease will not cause the occurrence of a Revolving Termination Event or an
Accclerated Amonisation Exent,

Tas amosnt of the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Faciliy will be dawo through as
many drawdowns as may be required during the Availability Period. The Availabiliy Period:
shall commence on the Fund Incorporstion Date and shall nd on the Fund Liquidation Date
(lor these purposes, he Availability Period).

On the Fund Incorporation Dat, the Management Company shall request an initial drawdow
under the Commingling Reservo Subordinated Facility for an amount of EUR 8250.000.00.
Tas amosnt of the initial drawedown vil be equal to the Commingling Reserve Required
Amount, as of the fist Notes Issue Disburscment Date as calculted by the Management
Company. The Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider shall make the initial
dravdown available to the Fund on the first Note Issue Disbursement Date for same day-
value, by crediting the amount of th initial dawdown into hc Treasury Account

Additionaly, and during the Availabiliy Period, if he Management Company determines on
any Calculation Date on the basis of the information provided to it by ho Services that the
balance of the Commingling Reserve will be below the applicable Commingling Reserve
Resired Amount on the relevant Settement Date or Disbursement Date when a new Note
Series is issued, as Ihe case may be, the Management Company shall request on such
Calculaion Date an addiional drawdown under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated
Facility in an amount equal to Commingling Reserve Increase Amount to be credied in the

Treusury Account on the next Setlement Date (ando, f applicable, on the Disbursement
Date when a new Note Series issued).

1 the Management Company determines on 3 Calculation Date that the csimatod balance of
the Commingling Reserve will be excceding the applicable Commingling Reserve Required
Amount on the next Payment Date, the Management Compuny shall calculate the
Commingling Reserve Decrease Amount and shall ive the relevant instructions to th Issue
“Accounts Banketo debittho Treasury Account in such amount wbich will be used to repay any
principal outstanding under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility on such Payment
Date, such repayment not being subject to the relevant Priority of Payments.

Nowwithstanding the above, if ho Management Company does not receive any Monthly
Servicer Report it shall be end to retsin any amount that should be used to repay the
Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility in he Treasury Account until the dee on which
Management Company shall receive from the Service (or any replacement servicr) the
Momhiy Servicer Report or other documentary evidence which demonstraes o the
satisfaction of he Management Company that there are no remaining amounts which should
be transerrd by tho Servicer to the Pund in respect of ll Available Collections it received

ES


during all Collection Periods for which no Monthly Servicer Repor had been prepared by the
Servicerandlor sent to the Fund by the Server.

1 the Management Company has ulimately received the Monthly Servicer Reports) andíor
lie abovementioned satistatory documentary evidence, the Management Company shall
make Ihe necessary reconcilaions and determine the final amount of the Commingling
Reserve,

"hc Fund may re-borrow any put of the Commingling Reservo Subordinated Facility which
is repaid up o the Maximum Commingling Reserve Facility Available Amount,

Principal under th Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facilis shall be repaid by ho Fund!
on th Fund Liquidation Date subject to the repayment n full of the Notes of any Notes
Series. Any amount under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility not paid pursuant
to the preceding paragraph shall be cancellod and deomed as a final loss for the
Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider.

Tas amounts outstanding under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Faciliy sal accrue
interest, Such interest il e calculated on he basis of an annual imterest rate, which will e.
EURIBOR for one (1) Momh + 19% (provided that interest rate cannot be lower than 09%)
(e Commingling Reserve Interest Amount)

For bese purposes. EURIBOR one (1) month means in respoct o cach Ines Accul Period (as
defined below), be rate oler in he Eozone Inrbank muekes fr oe-month curo deposis which
appear on the Reuters FURIBORO! screen at 11:00 h (Coal European Timo) tuo (2) TARGETZ
Business Days before the de on which such Interest Accrual Period begins. 1 the Reuters sercn
os available as the tme specific above hen Ub ao for ny elovant period will e detemiod in

“accordance vih th poviics se ur in section 47.) o he Secuides Note

Tas tem of the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Faciliy shall be divided into consecutivo
interest accrual periods (cach of them, an Interest Accrual Period) comprising the days
eliectively clapsed between cach Payment Date, including in cach Interest Acerual Period the
¿niial Payment Date and excluding th final Payment Dato. The fist Interest Accrual Period
shall commence on the first Note Seres Issue Disbursement Date and end on immediately
following Payment Date

"he Commingling Reserve Interest Amount will e seed on cach Payment Dat, and vil be
calculated on the following bass: he actual effective days in cach Interest Accrual Period
“and () a 360 day year. The Commingling Reserve Interest Amount wil be paid on cach
Payment Date in accordance wit the Priority of Payments

Any Commingling Reserve Interest Amount due under the Commingling Reserve
Subordinated Facility which have not been paid to ho Commingling Reserve Subordinated
Facility Provider due to shortage of Available Distribution Amosnts will be paid on the
following Payment Date on which the Available Distribution Amounts permit aid payment
“according to the applicable Priority of Payments. Such deforred amoumts vil! be paid on the

EN)


same rank but ón preference to the Commingling Rescrve Interest Amount payable in relation
to the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility on said Payment Date, The Commingling
Resorse Interest Amounts owed to he Commingling Reserve Subondinated Faciliy Provider
bat remain paid according to the provisions of he prior paragraphs vil not accrue default
interest infavour of the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider.

Any Commingling Reserve Interest Amount not paid upon tcrminstion of the Commingling
Rescrse Subordinated Facility Agreement shall be cancelled and decmed as a final loss for
he Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider

The Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement shall end on the Fund
Liquidation Dat.

34444. Seller Interest Credi

Facility

"hc Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider will make available a seller interest fciliy (he
Seller Interest Credit Facility) in accordance with the provision of the Seller Interes Credit
Facility Agreement (tc Seller Interest Credit Facility Agreement) ht the Management
Company will use to:

(a) with regards to the purchase of the initial portfolio of Eligible Reccivables on the
Fund Incorporation Date:

6) to finance in part (together with any Notes Seris issued on th Fund!
Incorporation Date) the purchase of the initial portolio of Eligible
Reccivables (in the context of the first Initial Transfer) from the Seller; or

(io if he Note Serie to be issued on the Fund Incorporaion Date are carly
terminated in accordance with section 4:47. of the Registration Document
(other tan the occurrence of lhe event forescen in paragraph (d) of such
section 447.1), lo finance in full tbe purchase of the initial portíotio of
Eliible Reccivables from the Seller.

(6) — om any Settlement Date (other than the Fund Incorporation Date) during the
Programme Revolving Period;

6) 10 Finance in full orin part the purchase of Receivabls (ither in the context
in Initial Transíers or Additional Transfces) from the Seller on any Purchase.
Date; ando

Gi) toredeemexisting Note Series.

On cach Calculaion Date, he Management Company will determine the SICE Drawing
Amount and the amount 10 be, as the case may be, drawn under th Soler Interest Credit
Facility or epaid to the Seller Interest Credit Faciliy Provide.


The Seller Interest Credit Facilizy is of a subordinated nature during the Programme
Amorisation Period and the Programme Accelerated Amoniation Period, such that the
principal and interest amownts owed to the Seller Interest Credit Facil Provider will be
subject o the relevant Priority of Payments set out in section 347.2 of this Additional
Eilding Block.

"ac total amount of the Seller Interest Credit Facility will be EUR five hundred million
(E500,000.000 (he Maximum Seller Interest Credit Facility Amount).

Nowwikstanding the above, furter to any deawdown request, the Seller Interest Credit
Facility Provider underakes to, and the Management Company. acting in the name and on.
behalf he Fund, agres o, increase the Maximum Seller Interest Credit Facility Amount to
lc extent required in onde to make available additional dawdowns under the Seller Interest
Credit Facility to fund any SICF Drawing Amount during the Programme Revolving Period,
ing specifcd that such increase shall he made without the need to obisin th prior consent
from the Noteholders ar any other funders of he Fund.

In addition, the Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider and the Management Company, acting
in the name and on behalf of the Fund may decrease the Maximum Seller Interest Credit
Faciliyy Amount from time to time without the need to obisin he prior consent from th
Noteholders or any other funders of the Fund, subject o the satsfacion of he following.
conditions

(a) such decrease shall not cause a repayment or a prepayment of any drawdown

previously made under the Seller Imerest Credit Facil
(0) the Maximum Seller Interest Credit Facility Amount will e at least equal to EUR
250.000.000:

(<) — priornotic is given by the Management Company to cach Relevant Rating Agencies
10 later than hity (30) calendar days prior to the effective date of such decrease;

(4) amy decrease will not result in he downgrade or wilhdrawal of th then current rating
of any ol the then outstanding Rated Notes by any of the Relevant Rating Agencies
and

(e) the decrease will not cause he occurtence of a Revolving Termination Event or an

Accclerated Amonisation Exent

"hc amount of th Seller Interest Facility will be draw through as many dramdowns as may
e required during the Availbily Period. Th Availability Period shall commence on the
Fund Incorporation Date and shall end on the last day of the Programme Revolving Period
(th Availability Period).

The Fund muy request a drawdown under the Seller Interest Credit Facility on the
Disbursement Date of the fist Note Sercs issucd by the Fund, and realice on any

26


Calculaion Date for an amount up to (he Seller Interest Credit Facility Drawing Amount
rte SICF Drawing Amount):

(a) — during the Programme Revolving Period and if the Residual Principal Deficiency
Ledger is notindebit a the preceding Calculation Date, the minimum between () and!

di) where:
6) the SICE Required Drawdown Amount on such Setlement Dat; and
(io the SICE Maximum Drawable Amount on such Setlement Dat;

(0) during the Programme Revolving Period (he Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger
is in debi a the preceding Calculaion Date), tbe Programme Amonisation Period!
and he Programme Accelerated Amontisation Period, ero (0).

For ose purposes

Asset-Liabilty Mismatch Amount means on any Calculaion Date, the positive difirence
between (a) and (D) where:

(a) istheaggregate of) and i) below

6) the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchased Receivablos (excluding
any Non-Compliant Reccivables) under hc Performing Credit Cards as o he
immediately prior Cut-O4f Date to such Calculation Date; plas

(Gi) tte Unapplied Revolving Amount (i any) that vil bo rtaied ¿the Treasury
“Account on the Payment Date afcr such Calculstion Date.

(0) ise aggregate of he Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes of ll Note Series
(taking account any principal payments to be made wi respect Lo he Noto Series to
be amortised or any Note Series to e issued) on or prior to the Payment Date air
such Calculstion Date.

SICP Required Drawdown Amount means on any Seulement Date the posiive diference
as calculated om the previous Calculation Date between a) and (b) where:

(a) the AssetLiabiliy Mismatch Amount: and!

(6) — the SICF Principal Amount Outstanding (taking into account any repayiment o be
made on such Payment Date following such Setlement Date) on such Setlement
Date

SICF Maximum Drawable Amount means on any Setlement Dat, the posiive diference
between (a) and (b) where:

(a) ise Maximum Seller Interest Credit Facilisy Amount; and

27


(b) is SICE Principal Amount Outstanding (taking into account any repayment to be
made on such Payment Date following such Setlement Date) on such Setlement
Date

Each Drawdown request (other than he one o ho made on the Disbursement Date of he fest
Noe Series isued by th Fund) shall nced to be delivered no later than on the Calculation
Date preceding the relevant Setlement Date

"he Seller Inerest Credit Faciliy Provider shall make th drawdowas available o the Fund
dm the Disbursement Date of ho first Note Seres and hcreaftr() on cach Setlement Date,
for same day-value, by set of if the deawdown is used to finance in ful or in par the
purchase of Receivable or (4 on cach Seulement Date, for same day-value by crediing the
“amount of the Deawdowas ito the Treasury Account if the drawdown is used to redeem
existing Note Series

Tas Fund shall repay the Seller Interest Credit Faciliy made to it in accordance wit the
aplicable Priority of Payments on cach Payment Date by an amount cqual to (the Seller
Interest Credit Facility Amortisation Amount or the SICF Amortisation Amount)

(a) — on any Payment Date during he Programme Revolving Period and if the Residual
Principal Deficioncy Ledger is mot in debit as determined on the preceding
Calculation Dat, the leser between:

6) the positive difference betwcen the SICE Principal Amount Outstanding om
le preceding Payment Date (after the applicaion of the Priority of
Payments) ad the product of (x) Required Seller Share and (y he Principal
Amount Outstanding oP all Note Series (taking into account any redemption
or issuance of Note Series to be made between on or before the next Payment
Date) aná

(io the positive difference between:
(A) the Available Principal Amount and
(8) — thesumof

the Investor Available Amortistion Amount determincd on
the proceding Calculation Date:

e maximum between th Efectivo Purchase Price and he
agregate of the Note Series 20xx-yy Available Purchase
“Amount with respecto such Payment Dat:

any SICF Drawing Amount draw under the Seller Credit
Interest Fa

ty on such the Setrlement Date preceding such
Payment Date; and.

a


As he case may be, the amownts applcd to item (1) of the
Principal Priority of Payments;

(b) — om any Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and if the Residual
Principal Deficiency Ledger s in ebit on the preceding Calculaion Date, ero (0).
and

(<) om any Payment Date during the Programme Amortistion Period or the Programme
Accelerated Amontisatin Period:

(6) for so long as all Notes of all Note Series have not been redecmed in full
ero (0): and
(Gi) upon redempion in full of the Notes of all Note Series: the SICF Principal

Amount Outstanding as of close of the immedistelypreceding Payment Date.

Any SICF Amortsation Amount due under thc Seller Interest Credit Facilisy which has not
cen paid to the Seller Interest Credit Faciliy Provider due to shortage of Available
Distribution Amownts will be paid on the following Payment Date on which the Available
Distribution Amvowmts permi said payment according to the applicable Pririy of Payments.
Such defered amounts will be paid on the same rank but ín preference to the SICF
Amorisaion Amount payable in relation to the Seller Interest Credit Facility on said Payment
Date, The SICF Amontsation Amounts owed to the Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider
lat remain upaid according to the provisions of he prior paragraphs vil not acer default
interest in favour of the Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider.

"hc Seller Inerest Credit Facility shall be repaid by the Fund on the Fund Liquidation Date
and subject to the full payment of any amouns ranking in higher priority pursuant to
“applicable Priority of Payments. Any amount under the Seller Interest Credit Facilis not paid
vn the Fund Liquidaion Date shall be cancelled and deemed as a final loss for the Seller
Interest Credit Facility Provider

Any SICF Amorisstion Amounts repaid will be available for subsequent drawdowns up to
Ac Maximum Seller Interest Credit Facility Amount

Tas SICF Principal Amount Outstanding under the Sellr Interest Credit Pacility sal acorue
imeest as from the relevant Dravdown date until th relevant Drawdown is repaid in am
amount calculated by the Management Company on the Calculaion Date and cqual o the
product ol (he Seller Interest Credit Facility Interest Amount or SICE Interest Amount)

(a) therelevant Seller Share Interest Rat;

(b) — theSICF Principal Amount Outstanding as oh preceding Payment Date; and

29


(c) the day count fraction corresponding o the rtio between () the actual efctive days
in cach Interest Acerual Period and (li) a 360-lay ycar, and rounding the resultan
figure to the ncarest cent

For these purposes, Seller Share Interest Rate means, on any Payment Date, ho annual
Fixed interest ate which shull be calculated by the Management Company as follows:

(a) for so long as the Class A Notes of any Note Seres are outstanding, the average
interest rate af all Class A Notes which are outstanding as weighted by their
respective Principal Amount Outstanding on such Payment Date (1aking into account
tb applicable swap rate plus margin for Class A Notes bearing a floming rat, 1£

(b) once he Class A Notes of all Note Serics have been redecmed in full and for so long
as the Class B Notes of any Note Series are outstanding, the average interest mae of
sil Class BE Notes which are outstanding as weighted by thcir respectivo Principal
Amount Outstanding on such Payment Date (king into account the applicable swap.
rate plas marin for Class E Notes bearing a floating at, aplicable):

(c) once he Class B Notes of ll Note Serios have been redcemed in full and for so long
as the Class C Notes of any Note Series re outstanding, the average interest mae of
sil Class C Notes which are outstanding as weighted by thcir respectivo Principal
Amount Outstanding on such Payment Date 1aking into account the applicable swap
rate plas margin for Class C Notes bearing a Mloating rat, aplicable): and

(4) — im any other cases, 1-0 per cent or any her percentage specified as such in the last
Prospectus Supplement.

For information purposes on the first Payment Date añcr the Fund Incorporation Date the
¡Seller Share Intrest Rate will be equal to 025%

"hc tem of the Soller Interest Credit Facility shall be divided ino consecutivo interest
“acerual periods (cah of them, an Interest Accrual Period) comprising the days effeciely
elapsed between cach Payment Date, including in cach Interest Accrual Period the initial
Payment Date and excluding the final Payment Dat Th fist Inrest Accrual Period shall
commence on the Disbursement Date of the first Noto Series issued by the Fund and cnd on

the immediately following Payment Date

Tas Fund shall pay the SICE Interest Amownt as part of the Seller Share Interest Payable
“Amount on cach Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period, the Programme
Amorisaion Period and the Programme Acceleated Amontisation Period in accordance with
le Priority of Payments as calculated by the Management Company on the Calculation Date
immediately preceding such Payment Date.

“Any SICE Interest Amount due under the Seller Interest Credit Facility which has mot been
paid to the Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider dec to shotage of Available Distribution

20


Amownts, vil be paid on ts following Payment Date on which the Available Distribution
Amount permit said payment according to the applicable Priority of Payment. Such defered
SICF Interest Amounts vil e paid on the same rank but in preference to the SICE Interest
“Amownts payable in relation to the Seller Interest Credit Facility on said Payment Dato. The
¡ICF Interest Amounts owed o th Seller Interest Crodit Facility Provider hat remain umpaid
“according to th provisios of th prior paragraphs vil not accrue default interest in favour of
he Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider. Any SICF Interest Amouns under the Seller
Interest Credit Facility not paid on the Fund Liquidation Date shall be cancelled and decmed.
“as final loss fr the Seller Interest Credit Facility Provide.

"he Seller Interes Credit Facility Agreement shall end on th cari of
(a) the Fund Liquidaion Date; or

(b) — as the case may be, the Payment Date on which all he amounts due (cier as
principal or imeres) under the Seller Interest Credit Facility are satisficd and mo.
funer drawdowns are permite thercunder.

For hose purposes, Seller Interest Credit acilty Principal Amount Outstanding or SICF
Principal Amount Outstanding mcans, on any date, the principal amount outstanding of all
¡ICF Drawing Amownts made under dh Seller Interest Credit Facility.

345. Parameters for the investment of temporary lig
description of the parties responsible for such investment

surpluses and a

3451. Opening of the Issuer Accounts by the Fund. Financial Agency
Agreement

On the Fund Incorporation Date the Management Company. acting in th name and on behalf
of the Fund, vil enter imo an bank agreement (the Financial Agency Agreement) with the
Issuer Accounts Bank whereby it will open th name of the Fund the following bank accounts
(o Issuer Accounts): (5) hc Treasury Account and (i), with respec to any Hedging
Agreement entered into betwcen the Fund and any Eligble Hedging Countempany, the
relevant Hodging Collteral Accounts.

"hc purpose of he Financial Agency Agreement is o st out the terms and conditions of the
“opening of the Issuer Accounts in th books of the Financial Agent and the operation f such

At any time air the Fund Incorporation Dat, the Management Company may request from
time 10 time the Issuer Accounts Bank to open, in lts books and ín the Fund's name,
“additional Isuer Accounts which may be necessary or advisuble for the performunce by the
Fund af ts sights and obligations undor the Programme Documents. No amendment to the
Decd of Incorporaion of the Fund shall be required tuness the opening. of such additional
Issuer Accounts has a negative cffcct on the Fund or the rights of the notcholders or the

20


funders af the Fund. Such additional Isuer Accounts shall be operated in accordance with th
terms of this section 34,

Tas common terms applicable to sl! he Issuer Accounts are described in section 3.4544
below.

3452. Treasury Account

"The Management Company will open (in the name and on behalf of he Fund) the
Treasury Account, in which all th income of the Fund will be deposited and through
vwbich all payments due will bo made in accordance wit ho Base Prospectus and the
Dec of Incorporaton.

As per the instructions of he Management Company, ho amount that ar to be:
eredited in the Treasury Account include, but ar not limited to, hc following:

6) om each Disbursement Date with the nt procceds o the issue by the Fund of
any Note Serios

(Gi) ome first Notes Seres Disbursement Date and thereaftr on csch Seulement
Date during the Programme Revolving Period, with the amount of the
Draswdowas under the Seller Interest Credit aciliy:

(ii) om any relevant date during the Programme Revolving Period, the
Programme Amonisation Period and the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, with any amount of Available Collections;

(y) om any Disbursement Date during hc Programme Revolving Period, with any
drawdown as described in section 3:43 of the Additional Building Block
under the Expensos Subordinated Facility, he General Reserve Subordinated
Facility and the Commingling Reserve Subondinated Facility.

(0) om each Payment Date, with the General Reserve Replenishment Amount (if
any) in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments; and on any
Disbursement Date aer a Note Series is issucd by the Fund, the General
Resorve Increase Amount:

(vi) omcach Setlement Date (and us the case may be, on cach Disbursement Date
when a mw Note Series is issued) with the advances under the Commingling
Rescrve Subordinated Facility:

(vi) omor prior cach Calculasion Dat, with the elle Diluions G any) to be paid
"oy the Seller 0 he Fund, and the Corrected Available Collection (f any) o
e paid by the Seller to the Funds

(iz om or prior cach Calcolaion Date, with the Aggregate Repurchase Price upon.
Ale exercise by the Seller to repurchase certain outstanding: Purchased

20


Reccivables the Aggregate Repurchaso Price upon the exercise by the Seller
o repurehase certain outstanding Purchascd Reccivables

(63) omany relevant dat, ith hc Financial Income (¡Fany

6) om or prior to the Fund Liquidaion Date, with the Reference Repurchase
Price oh hen outstanding Purchased Receivables, a he case may bes

(xi) om or priorto any relevant Payment Dato, with the Hedging Net Amount (
any) reccived by the Fund from any relevant Hedging Counerpany (or
replacement hedging counterparty) and the Hedging Collatral Account
Supl (if amy)

xi) with any other amounts to be received from time to time by the Fund
ursuant to the Programme Documents and sbich are not allocated in any
thor Issur Account; and

(xi) with tbe procecds of the liquidaion, if any, and where applicable of the
Reccivables

Al collections and payments doring th whole life of the Fund will be cenralised in the
Treusury Account or in any other account that could be opened to carry out the same function.

For these purposes, Financial Income mcans the income generated (if any) on the credit
balances af the Issuer Accouns (except the Hedging Collateral Accoumís), if ny). The
interest accrued and credited into Hedging Collateral Accounts) (any) vil be transfer to
he relevant Hedging Counteparty in accordance with ho relevant Hedging Agreement.

The amount credited from time to time in th Treasury Account shall acer interest ta rate
equal to the EURIBOR plus a margin of-0.10 %,revisble annually

Tas he of ho Treasury Account will be dividod imo successivo monthly interest periods
(each a "Treasury Account Interest Period”) beginning on the lat day of cach calendar
month (included) and ending on hc las day o hc following month (exluded), except for the
First Treasury Accomnt Interest Period, which will star on the Date of Incorporation of the
Fund (included) and vil end on the last day of the calendar month in which the Deed of
Incorporation is executed (excluded)

For his purpose EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) isunderstood as the sum of

(a) The Esro Money Market reference interes rte taken on he second (2nd) business
day prior to the beginning of cach Treasury Account Interest Period. resulting from
application of te relevant comventon in foree from tm to time, under the auspices
of the European Money Markets Insite (EMMI) (currently the convention|
stipulates the reference interest rue published on the Reuters EURIBOROL screen

20


0)

11:00 h (Central Europcan Time) for financing tranactions with delivery of funds
tx (2) business days añer the date on which the rat is fixed), for deposit in curos
for one (1) month

l£ for any reason, including exceptional circumstances, Ihre is no money market
reference interest rat for he relevant period, the Issuer Accounts Bank shall notity
this circumstance to the Borrower and shall calcule the Euro Money Market
reference interest ate tough lincar intepolaion of the reference interest rates
«omresponding to the upper period closest to the Treasury Account Interest Period and
the lower period closest o the Treasury Account Interest Period, both published on
the Reuters EURIBOR 01 screen or any ciber that may substitute it. 1 there is m0
lower period closes Lo the period o interest it shall e applicable the interes rate for
which there is a quote for Ahe upper closest period. This reference interest rate
úbtained by the Isucrs Accounts Bank shall be considered o determine the reference
Ginterest rate refered to in the preceding paragraph

IS for any reason, the Issuers Accounts Bank cannot determino the EURIBOR in
“accordance with the parographs above, this circumstance will be immedistely
notified to the Management Company in order to apply a substitute reference.

Tis substitute reference interest rate to be applicd shall be the aithmetic axcrage of
he reference intrest rates on 1h second business day immediately precoding the
date of commencement of cach Treasury Account Interest Period, for deposis of 1
(one) year in the cas of loan and credit transactions published from time to time by
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco de Sabadell, SA. and Bankinter,
S.A. pursuant to the relevant regulation in force

IF any of these emtiics have not published the reference interest rate, the
substitute reference me to be applicd shall be the arithmetic average of the
reference imerest rate published by the other entities, or Faling them the last
reference interest rate that was applicd puesuant to his section,

In any case, the reference interes rate estimated pursuant to he paragraph above.
cannot be les than 0%.

Any taxes, charges, leves, state or other surcharges, if any, applicable to deposis in
curos obtained on the Eurozone inerbank market, and any brokerage feos paid to
obtain them and any tax om these Fes.

3453. Hedging Collaeral Accounts

In the case in which, according to whut is described in section 34.8,, the interest rate
exposure of the Fund in relation to any Class of Notes of any Note Seris sto be hedged by

24


the cnering ito a Hedging Agreement in respect of the relevant Class of Notes of a Note
Series (he Hedged Notes), a Hedging Collaeral Account shall be opened in the books of the
Isuer Accounts Bank in respect of cach Eligible Hedging Counterpany on (or before, df
possible) he entry into the relevant Hedging Agreement between the Fund and the relevant
Elible Hedging Cownterparty. The characteristics of the Hedging Collateral Accoont will be
speciicd in the relevant Issuing Document ín respecto the Hodged Notes, being in any case
Subject to whats sipulated in the Financial Agency Agreement

Entcring into a Hodging Agreement is mot compulsory even if the Notes hase a Mosting
¿meret rate and no Maximum Interest Rat s provided.

34:54. — Common Terms applicable o the Isuer Accounts
(6) Servicesprovided

Tas Isuer Accounts Bank will provide to the Fund all of the customary services
eating to the maintenance and administration of the ssuer Accounts, in accordance.
vih common banking practices,

(4) — Allocations and distribution in th Issur Accounts. Negative Balance

Tas Issuer Accounts vil not be allowed to have a negative balance to he detriment
af the Fund. The balances in the Issuer Accounts il remain as available cash,

Tas allocations and distribution shall be exclusively carried out by the Management
Company and the Paying Agent, respectively, o Uhe extent of the monies standing.
from tm o time to he credit balance of the Issuer Accounts in such manner that no
Issuer Account shall have u debit balance after applying the relevant Priority of
Payments set out insecion 3.7.2 he Additional Building Block.

In the cases in which the Issuer Accounts do not have sufficien balance to make all
he corresponding payments, in accordance wiih instructions received from the
Management Company, the Paying Agent shall immediately notify a to the
Management Company and it shall sefain from making any payment until receiving
ox instructions from th Management Company.

(o) Interests

Tas amounts deposied st any time in the Treasury Account will accru interest in
“accordance with Section 3.452 above.

The remuneration of the smouns deposited in cach of the Hedging Collateral
Accounts will be determined in the opening contact of act of them. In his cae, the
interest acerued by cach of the Hedging Colateral Accounts vil be transfered to the
Eligible Hedging Counterparty in accordance with the corresponding Hedging.
Agreement


0

5)

Nosetoft
Tac lssuer Accounts Bank shall not be emsllod to sctolí the resulting positive
balances due to the Fund out of the Issuer Accounts with any other claims that th
Issuer Accounts Bank could have aguint te Fund and/or any ote third paris.

Eligble Accounts Bank. Accounts Bank Required Ratings

Tas Issues Accounts Bank will be required at all times to be an Eligible Insiution
Should th Accounts Bank ccase to be an Eliible Institution an Issuer Accounts
Bank Termination Event shall occur with ho cífets set out in paragraph 34.54(h)
below.

For ose purposes

Eligible Institution means a depository institution organised under the Laws of any
ate which is a member of the European Union which complics with he Accounts
Bank Required Ratings with respect to the Issucr Accounts Bank and that ds
“horized to take deposits in Spain.

Account Bank Required Ratings means in respec of any entity he ratings at least
equalto:

(6) assuming the Relevant Rating Agency with respecto any Rated Notes of any
Noe Series is DBRS, a public rating of at Icst BBB (high) (senior long.
term) or A (low) (long term critical obligacion rating) by DBRS or, in the
absence of public rating, at last two of the following ratings from two of
he following rating agencies:

(A) a shortterm rating of at least F2 and a longatem rating of at least
A-by Fieho

(8) a shorcterm rating oa east A-3 and a longeterm rating of at least
A-by Standard de Poor's;

(C) a shortterm rating of at least P-3 and a longztem rating of at least
AS by Moody's; and

(io assuming the Relevant Rating Agency with respect to any Rated Notes of any
Note Series is Fitch: P-1 by Bih with respect Lo the shortierm Issuer
Default Rating (IDR) of such entity or A- by Fitch with respect to the lomg-
term Isuer Default Rating (IDR) of such entity: and!

or such oler debt rating as determined 10 be applicable or agreed by each Relevant
Rating Agency from time to time and specific in he last Prospectos Supplement

Tas Issuer Accounts Bank shall promply notify the Management Company. acting in
e name and on behalf of the Fund (and the Management Company shall prompúy

216


0)

give notice thercof o the Seller), f he Accounts Bank ceases to be an Eligible
Fosittion.

Resignation by the Isucr Accounts Bank:

"hc Issuer Accounts Bank may, a any timo upon not les than two (2) months (2)
rien notice, notify he Management Company that it wishes to cease 10 be the
Issuer Accounts Bank. In addition, the resignation muy not take place, unless
úherwise authorized by the Management Company, until the twenticth (204) day of
Ac month following dhc mon of the Payment Date immediately following th date
dm which itention o resign is notifica to the Management Company.

Upon reccipt of an carly termination notice, the Management Company will appoint a
xv Funds accownt bank (a New Issuer Accounts Bank) provided that he following.
conditions are met (th Issuer Accounts Bank: Substitution Requirements)

(6) Tie New Issuer Accounts Bank
(A) isa credit instationduly authorised to provide banking sevics in
Spain; and
(8) is an Eligibl Isutution having at cast he Accounts Bank Required
Ratings:
Gi) the Relevant Rating Agencios shall have bcen given notice of such

substtuion and such substution sbull mot ent ihe downgrade or
vithdrawal of any of the ratings Ahen assigned by the Relevant Rating
Agencies to th Notes; and

(Gi) such substituion is made in compliance with he then aplicable aws and!
regulations

"hc costs and taxes hat may be incured in as a consoquence o he resignatio of the
Issuer Accounts Bank and ts substituion il e on account of the Issuer Accounts
Bank.

Tas resigntion by the Issucr Accounts Bank shall not take any effect unál the
appoiniment of the New Isuer Accounts Banks cfícctive. The terminatin by the
Issuer Accounts Bank of the performance of its functions, as well as the appoiniment
af the New Issuer Accounts Bankawill be noificd by the Management Company to the
Relevant Rating Agencies and, ¡applicable the CNMV.

Upon termination of lts appointmen, the Isuer Accounts Bank shall deliver to the
Management Company al documents, monics and securitics belonging to the Fund
and within ts power as a result of the dutics entrusted in accordance with the
provisionsin this section 34,

20


w

")

Voluntary Substituion

The Management Company is entiled to substitue the Issucr Accounts Bank,
provided that it moúifics ihe Issuer Accounts Bank in writing at least hit (30)
calendar days in advance of the envisugod termination date and provided that the
Issuer Accounts Bank Substitution Requirements a met

Al costs incurrd in the voluntary substttion of when necessary as Isuer Accounts
Baby decision o he Management Company will e fr the account of the Fund,

The substicuion of the Issucr Accounts Bank shall take any effect until the
appoiniment of the New Isuer Accounts Bank is effective. The termination by the
Issuer Accounts Bank: of the performance o ts funcions in his in his section 34.5,
as well as the appointment of the New Issuer Accounts Bank will be notified by the
Management Company to the Relevant Rating Agencies and, if applicabl, the
CNMV,

Mandatory Substiution.Issucr Accounts Bank Termination Events

Nowwithstanding the above, the Management Company is entied to replace the
Issuer Accounts Bank at any time, provided that () 1 is permited by current
legislation and (li) lt s obtained, f necessary, the authorizaion of the competent
“shoriios. ln this sense, the reason for the substitution must be material and
potemially detimental to the interests of he Noteholders, including, without
limitaion, the occurrence o an Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Event

Upon he oecurrence of any of Uhe events refered 0 in Ihe paragraph above, the
Management Company shall appoint a New Issur Accounts Bank sithin hirty (30)
calendar days alter he occurrence of such event and provided that the Isuer
“Accounts Bank Substtuion Requirements a met

Tas Issuer Accounts Bank shall prompty notify the Management Company, acting in
li name and on behalf of the Fund (and the Management Company vil notify to the
Seller as soon as possible), the occumence ol amy event Mat will causo the
replacement of he Isucr Accounts Bank. n addition, the Management Company vil!
notify to the Relevant Rating Agencies and, if necessary, to the CNMV, the
substtuion f he ssuer Accounts Bank.

All costs incured as a conscquence of the mundatory substituion of 1he Isuer
Accounts Bank shall be born by the Issuer Accounts Bank, save for the event in
which the Issuer Accounts Bank ccases to be an Eligible Institucion a a consequence:

fte non-compliance with he Account Bank Required Ratings a any time.

Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Event means any of the following events

2


(6) amy material representation or warranty made by the Issuer Accounts Bank:
under any Programme Document to wbich it is a paty is or proves to have
been incorrect or misicading in any material respect when made, and the
sume is n0L remedied (if capable of remedy) wihin five (5) Business Days
after the Management Company has given notice tercof to Ahe Issuer
“Accounts Bank or if sooner) th Issuer Accounts Bank: has knowledge of the
sume, provided that he Management Company, at ts dicretion,cenifis that
itis material and prejudicial to he interests a he Noteholder:

(Gi) the Isuer Accounts Bank has Failed to comply with any of lis material
bligations under any Programme Document to which it is a pany unless
such brech ás capable of remedy and is remediod within five (5) Business
Days after the Management Company has given notice thrcof o the Isuer
“Accounts Bank or if sooner) th Issuer Accounts Bank has knowledge of the
same, provided that the Management Company, at dicreton, cemifis that
itis material and prejudicial to he interests a he Noteholder:

(Gi) am nsolvency Event occur in respect of the ssuer Accounts Bank

(Y) at any time it is or becomes unlamdul for the Issuer Accounts Bank to
perform or comply with any or all of ts material obligations under any
Programme Document to which át is party or any or all of ts matcrial
bligations under any Programme Document o which its party are mot or
case to be, legal, valid and binding:

(0) any fslure by the Issuer Accounts Bank to make any payment under any
Programme Documents to which ii a pary, when due, except f such alar
is due to technical or administrative reasons and is remedicd within five (5)
Business Days after such falue; or

(0) the Isuer Accounts Bank ccases to be an Eligibl Insti.
34.6. How payments are collected in respect ol the sets
34:61. Frequency of payments

In accordance with he provisions of section 372 of the Additional Building Block, the
Servicer (or, if applicable, the Replacement Service) vil vithout prejdice to the proviions
bercin, take all necessary actions to manage the collection of all amounis payable by the
Borrowers aising from the Purchased Reccivables.

Tas Servicor vil diigenty ensure that the payments which must be made by the Borowers
“re colloted in accordance with the contractual tcrms and conditions of respective Credit
Card Agreements.

20


347. Order of priority of payments made by the issuer

347.1. Sources and application of funds on the Disbursement Date of the first
Date

Tas sources and application of the amownts available 10 1h Fund on the Disbursement Date
fte first Notes Series issued om he Fund Incorporation Date vil bes follows:

(a) Sources: The Fund will have funds available from th folowing sources:

(6) proceeds from the subscription of the Notes of he fist Note Series by the
Notehalders

(io initial eawdown under he Expenses Subordinated Faciliy

(Gi) initial deawdown under he General Reserve Subordinated Credit Facility

(Y) initial deandown under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated. Credit
Facility; and

(0) initial eravdorwn under Seller Interest Credit Facil

(0) — Application: The Fund, in turn, will apply the abovementioned funds for the
following items

6) payment of he Purchase Price of any Reccivables transfered to th Fund in
Ale context of Initial Transfer:

(io payment of the Initial Expenses and the Note Seris Issue Expenses in
connection with he first Note Seres

(Gi) credit ihe Treasury Account up lo the Initial General Reserve Required
Amownt and

(v) credit the Treasury Account up to the Commingling Reserve Required
Amount.

3472 Source und application of funds beginning on the first Payment Date
“and until the last Payment Date or the liquidation of the Fund, exclusive

From th Fund Incorporaion Date until th total repayment of the Notes, the source and!
application of payments of Fund will e as described below

Available Distribution Amount: Source

The Avsilable Distribution Amount that hc Fund has on cach Payment Date, for the
distribution of the perinent amount to the Noteholders and to the rest of the Fund' creditors

su


for the payment of the relevant amownts, will be cqual to the aggregate of the Available
Principal Amount and the Available Interest Amount

Additionaly. on cach Payment Date during the Programme Accelerted Amortisation Period
tc outstanding balance of the General Reserve will e added to the amount described above,
For ese purposes

Available Interest Amount means, on cach Payment Date and without double counting, the
“amount standing at he credit of the Treasury Account prior to giving efect to the relevant
Priority of Payments and equal to the aggregae o:

(a) Theinterstcolletios defined as the amounts deposite during the Collection Period
immediately preceding such Payment Date from interest (including recoveries) and
fs from the Purchased Receivables;

(b) — the Hedging Net Amount and the Hedging Collateral Account Surplus (Fany)
received by the Fund pusuant to the Hedging Agreementís)

(6) — the Financial Income credied to the Issucr Accomnts (excluding those from the
Hedging Collateral Account(s), any):

(d) — li he remaining portion (interest) of hc Aggregate Repurchase Price with respect
19 any Performing Credit Card and () the Aggregate Repurchase Price with respect
10 any Defaulted Credit Card in respect of a Repurchase Date immediately preceding
such Payment Date; and!

(6) subject to paragraph (8) above, any ler amounts standing to the credit of the
Treasury Account in concept of interest colictins as of th close of the immediately
preceding Payment Date (after the applicain of th relevant Priority of Payments).

provided that áf the Servicer has failed to provide the Management Company with the
Momhly Servicer Report within two (2) Business Days after the relevant Monthly Reporting
Date the Management Company shall adjust the Available Intrest Amount upon reccipt of
he relevat Monhly ervicer Report on or prior to th relevant Calculation Date

Available Principal Amount means, on any Payment Date and without double counting the
“amount standing at th credit of the Treasury Account prior to giving efect to the relevant
Priority of Payments and equal to the agregate o:

(a) — the Available Principal Collections with respecto the Collection Period immediately
preceding such Payment Date;

(6) the PDL. Cure Amountsretained in ho Treasury Account:

(6) — the aggregate of the Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounts (if any) of ll
Note Seres issued om the Issue Date immediately preceding such Payment Date air
tie Fund Incorporation Dat;



(4) — any SICF Drawing Amount drawn under the Seller Credit Interest Facility to finance
in fall or in part th purchase of Reccivables on the Settlement Date preceding such
Payment Dates

(e) — the Unapplicd Revolving Amount on the preceding Payment Date (afer the
application of the relevant Priority of Payments):

(0) the Seller Diluios (any) paid on or prior to the Calculation Date by the Seller to
the Fund in accordance with section 33.1.10 of the Additional Building Block:

(8) — the portion of the Ageregate Repurchase Price which corresponds o the Outstanding
Principal Balances of the Repurchased Reccivables with respect to Credit Cards
Agreements other than Defaulted Credit Cards in respect of a Repurchase Date
immediately preceding such Payment Date

provided that if the Servicer has failed to provide the Management Company with the
Momhly Servicer Report vithin two (2) Business Days air the relevant Monthly Reporting
Date the Management Company shall adjust he Available Principal Amount upon Escipt
the elevant Monthly Services Report on or prior o he relevant Calculation Dat,

Available Collections means, on cach Calculation Date, in respect of any Collection Period
immediately preceding such Calculaion Dat, an amount equal to the agregate of

(a) the total aggregate amount collected by th Servicer from the Borrowers (including
scheduled and unscheduled payments of principal, interest, areas, late payments
Recoveries, and penaltis) with respect o the Purchased Reccivables during the
Collection Perad;

(0) — any Insurance Indemmnficaions paid to the Seller under the Insurance Polcis:

(<) — any Non-Compliant Repurchase Amount (or, as the case may be, any equivalent
indemmity paid by the Seller to Ale Fund)

(d) — amy amount o be debited by the Management Company from the Commingling
Reserve Armont on that Setlement Date:

plus or minus, as the case may be, the Corrected Available Collection, provided that the
eredit balance of the Treasury Account is suffciet to enable such adjustment. Correted
Available Collections arie as a consequenco of the amountsreccived in he Treasury Account
during the month, being reconcled with th information reccived on a monthly basis in he
monthly reporting. This reconciliaion may produce adjustments for or aguinst the Fund tha
“amount to Conrected Available Collection.

Available Principal Collections means, on any Calculaion Date, in respect of he Col
Period immediately preceding such Calculation Date, the part of the Available Collections
corresponding to:

22


(a) the aggregate of he principal payments Gncluding any prepayments) efectively paid

with respect of the Performing Credit Cards in relation o the relevant Collection
Period;
(b) any amount which is corresponding to a principal component due 10 the Fund and to

be debited by the Management Company from the Commingling Reserve Amount om
th Selement Date following such Calculstion Dat:

(6) the aggregate of the principal component to be reccived on the Calculaion Date in
connection with any Non-Compliant Repurchase Amount (or any part of the
equivalent indemnity paid by the Seller to the Fund) with respec to any Performing.
Credit Card;

(4) the portion of the Insurance Indermnfications paid by any insurance company 1 the
Seller in respect uf Performing Credit Cards only and which corresponds to principal
(other Ihan any amounts refered to in (a) above) during the relevant Collection
Period;

(e) — plus or minus, as the case maybe, any Corrected Available Principal Collections
provided that the credit balance of the Treasury Account is suficiet to enable such
adjustment.

Available Distribution Amount: Application

The Management Company shall give instructions to the Isucr Accounts Bank to ensure that
during the Programme Revolving Period, the Programme Amortisation Period or the
Programme Accelerted Amoriation Period he relevant order of priority (he Priority of
Payments) shall be carried out on a timely basis in relation to payments of expenses,
incipal, interest and any other amos then due, to the cxtent of the available funds the
relevant dae of payment.

Daring the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisution Period the
riores of payments are (1) the Interest Priority of Payments, (the Interest Shortall
Priority of Payments and (ik) the Principal Priority of Payments.

Dating the Programme Accelersted Amontsation Period, the priority of payments is the
Accelerated Priority of Payments

Prioriy of Payments during the Programme Revolvng Period and the Programme
Amoriation Period

Daing the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisution Period the
Management Company wi

in accordance with the following Priority of Payments, as determincd by the Management
Company puesuant to the provision of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) below:

on cach Payment Date aply the Available Distribution Amount

ass


0)

Ú

o

Interest Priority of Payments:

(On cach Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme
Amorisaion Period, the Management Company will apply the Available Interes
Amount towards the following payments from the Treasury Account, in hc following.
order of priority (the Interes Priority of Payments) but, in cach cas, only Lo the
extent that all payments of sums of a higher priority de to be paid or provided for on.
such Payment Date have been made in ful.

o Ae payment on 3 pari passa and pro rara basis of he Issuer Operating Expenses
(therthan those payable under tem (13) below

o Abe payment om par passu and pro rata basis of he relevant amownts referrd to

in ems (0,0

w

5)

0)

ori) below, as applicable, in the following order o priority:
as long as any Class A Note of any Note Seres remains outstanding:
6 any Class A Monthly Hedging Nel Amount any); and

(9) any Class A Hedging Senior Termination Payments (0 the
extent that such Hedging Senior Terminstion Payments have
ot been paid): or

“once Ahe Class A Notes of all Note Serics have been redccmad in fall
and as long as any Class B Note of amy Note Series remains
outstanding:

6%) any Class B Monthly Hedging Net Amounts; and

(9) any Class B Hedging Senior Termination Payments (10 the
extent that such Hedging Senior Termination Payments have
ot been paid): or

“once the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes of all Note Series have.
been redecmed in full and as long as any Class C Note of any Note
Series remains outstanding:

6%) any Class CMombly Hedging Net Amounts; and

(9) any Class C Hedging Senior Termination Payments (10 the
extent that such Hedging Senior Termination Payments have
mot been paid in accordance with the Hedging Collatral
Account Priority of Payments)

For clarification purposes the Class Band Class C Monthly
Hedging Net Amounts will e paid in accordance with tem (6) and

ase


(10) respectively as long as any Class A or Class B Note (if any) of
any Note Series remains outstanding.

(3) toc payment on the same rank of any amountsreferred to in tem (1 and () below

(6) the relevant Monthly Interest Amount dus and payable by the Fund
as applicable:

(A) — as long as any Class A Note of any Note Series remains
outstanding, to pay om a par passu and pro rata basis, the
Class A Notes Monthly Interes Amounts;

(8) — once all Class A Notes of all Note Series have been
redecmed in ful and as long as any Class B Note (any) of
any Note Series remains cutstnding, to pay on a par passu
and pro rata basis, the Class B Notes Monhly Interest
Amount; and!

(C) once all Class A Notes and Class B Notes of all Note Series
ave been redecmed in full and as long as any Class C Note
(úl any) of any Note Seres remains outstanding, o pay on a
ari passu and pro rata basis, the Class C Notes Monthly
Interest Amownts:

For claificaion purposes the Class B and Class C Notes Momhly
Interest Amount will he paid in accordance with tem (7) and (11)
respectively as long s any Class A or Class B Note (if any) of any
Note Seics remains outstanding.

(i) during the Programme Revolving Period (only), 10 the payment on a
pari passu and pro rata bass of any Seller Share Interest Payable
Amount

4) 10 retin in the Treasury Account an amount cqual to the Class A General
Reserve Replenishment Amount

5) as long as any Class A Note of any Note Sercs remains outstanding, to the
transfer of all amounts of the Class A Principal Deficincy Ledger until the
dcbit balance of such Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger is reduced to zero
(0%

6) 10 the extent not already paid in accordance with item (2/6) above, to the
payment om a parí passu and pro rata basis of

6) any Class B Mora Hedging Net Amount; and


(Gi) amy Class B Hodging Senior Termination Payments (to hc extent that
such Hedging Senior Termination Payments have not ben paid;

7) 10 the extent not already paid in accordance with tem 3ÓXB), 1 th payment
¿ma par passu aná pro rata of any Clas B Notes Monthly Interest Amounts

8) o retain in the Treasury Account an amount equal to the Class B General
Reserve Replenishment Amount:

9) as long as any Class B Note of any Note Series remains outstanding, to the
transfer of all amounts of the Class B Principal Deficiency Ledger until the
¿bit balance of such Class 13 Principal Deficiency Ledger is reduced to zero
Us

10) 1o the extent not already paid or reained in accordance with tem (216)
above, to the payment on a parí passu and pro rata bass of:

(A) any Class C Monthly Hedging Net Amounts; and

(8) any Class C Hedging Senior Termination Payments (to the extent
ibas such Hedging Senior Termination Payments have not been
paid:

11) 10 te extent not already paid in accordance with item 3(NC), o the payment
or retention, as the case may be, om a pari passu and pro rata basis ol any
Class C Notes Monthly Interest Amounts;

12) 1o the transfer of al amounts of he Residual Principal Deficiency until the
¿bit balance of such Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is reduced to zero
Us

13) tot payment of he Service Fee to the extent the Servicerand th Seller are
th same entity or belong o the same group:

14) during the Programme Amortisation Period (only), to tbe payment on a par
passu and pro rata basis of any Seller Share Interest Payable Amount

15) 10 ihe payment on a pari passu and pro rua basis of any Hedging.
Subordinated Termintion Payments (áf any) under the relevant Hedging.
Agreement in he following order of priority:

6) fis, te Class A Hedging Subordinated Termination Amount (if
any

(ii) secondly, he Class B Hedging Subortinated Termúnation Amount (if
any); and

256


(il) third, he Class C Hedging Subordinated Termination Amount (4
a

16) 10 the payment on a par passu and pro rata basis of) the General Reserve:
Interest Amount and (ii) Commingling Reserve Interest Amount;

17) tot payment of any Expenses Facility Interest Amount

18) 1o the repayment on a pai passu and pro ata basis of: () Expensos Paciliy
Principal Amount under the Expenses Subordinated Facility Agreement; (1)
it General Reserve Shorfall Amownt under the General. Reserve
Subordinated Facility Agreement and (ii) Commingling Reserve Short!
Amount under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement

19) to the payment of the Aggregate Defemed Purchase Price remaining unpaid
5 the preceding Payment Date;

20) 10 te payment of ny excess resources rom this Priority of Payments to the

Seller as Variable Fee.

In case the Available Interest Amount is not suffciont to flly fund the amount
efered 10 in paragraph (a) to (d) below, the Management Company will give the
following instructions to the Issuer Account Bank, in the following order ol priority
(o InterestShortfall Priority of Payments):

(a) — firsly, in relation to Ahe Relevant Class of Notes, to debi the relevant
Hedging Collateral Account subjet to, and in nccordance with, the Hedging.
Collaeral Account Priority of Payments, to pay any Monthly Interest Amount
duen respect of such Relevant Class of Notes and refer to n he Interest

Priority of Payments:

(b) — secondly, by debiting hc Treasury Account up Lo th credit balance of the
Class A General Reserve Ledger to pay on a sequential basis any amount
roferred 10 in items (1), (26) and (SNA) above, as long as any Class A.
Note of any Note Seris remains outstanding:

(c) — third. by debiting hc Treasury Account up 10 he credit balance of he Class
E General Reserve Ledger to pay on a sequential basis any amount rferrd
10 in items (1), (2D, (SKINB), (6) and (7) above, as long as any Class B
Note of any Note Seris remains outstanding

(d) — fourhly, by debiting the Treasury Account up 10 the Available Principal

Amount o pay on a sequential basis any amountsrefered to in items (1) to
NC). (BB), and (SNC) o th Interest Priority of Payments

as


0)

Principal Priority of Payments

On cach Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme
Amorisaion Period, the Management Company will apply the Available Principal
Amount towards the following payments from the Treasury Account, in hc following.
order ol priority (the Principal Priority of Paymnents) bu, only to the extent hat all
payments and debis af sums of a higher priority dueto be paid or debied on such
Payment Date have been made in full:

0)

0)

10 he payment, of the amounts refered 10 in item (d) o th Interest Short!
Priority of Payments;

10 Abe payment on a pari passu and pro ruta basis of amownts refered to in

items (a) and (5) below and, wi

respect to amount eferred Lo in tem (a),

subject to subir ii) or ii:

(a

0

he relevat Monihly Amortisation Amount:

o

0)

0)

as long as any Class A Note of any Note Serios in their Note
Series Amonisation Period remains outstanding, the Class A
Notes Monthly Amortisuion Amos (any):

once the Class A Notes of all Note Series in ir Note Serios
“Amorisaion Period have bren redecmed in full and as long
as any Class B Note of the same Note Serics remsins
outstanding, the Class B Notes Momhiy Amortiation
Amount (if amy); Or

once the Class A Notes and the Class B Note of all Note
Series in hcir Note Series Amontisation Period have been
edoemed in all and s long as any Class C Note of same
Note Serics remains outstanding, the Class C Notes Mombly
Amorisaion Amount (fan).

For cluifiction purposes the Class and Class C Monthly
Amorisation Amount vil he paid n accordance with item
(3) and (4) respectively as long as any Class A or Class B
Note (Fany) of any Noto Seris remains outstanding

during the Programme Revolving Period (only), the SICE
Amortsation Amount less any Seller Dilution due by the Seller to
the Fund not already reccived by the Fund on or prior the relevant
Calculaion Date and not deducted from the Seller Share Interest

Payable Amount on such Payment Date;

ase


0)

0)

0)

(6)

0)

0)

o

10 the extent not already puid in accordance with tem 2(2I) and once the
Class A Notes ola given Noto Series in ts Note Series Amortisation Period
have been redeemod in ful payment on a pari passu and pro ata basis of the
Class E Notes Monthly Amorisation Amount to the Class E Notes of the
same Note Series (if any:

10 the cxtem not already paid in accordance with tem 2(aJi) and once the
Class A Notes and the Class B Note of a given Note Series in its Note Series
Amonisation Period have been redecmed in all, payment ona pai passa and!
pro mata basis of ihe Class C Notes Monthly Amonisation Amount to the
Class C Notes of he same Note Seres (any):

during the Programme Revolving Period (only), payment in the following
“order ol priority of

(A) — the Etfectivo Purchase Price of the Eligible Reccivables (in the
comext of the Initial Transfers and/or Additional Transfers)
purchased by the Fund on such dae; and.

(8) — the Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price (to the extent not already
paid in full in accordance with hem (20) of the Interest Priority ol
Payment):

during the Programme Revolving Period (only), retain of 1he Unapplica
Revolving Amount in the Treasury Account;

during the Programme Amortistion Period (only). payment in hc following
“order ol priority of

(A) — the Elfectivo Purchase Price of the Eligible Reccivables (in the
comext of the Initial Transfers and/or Additional Transfers)
purchased by the Fund on such dae; and.

(8) — the Aggregate Delerred Purchase Price (to the extent not already
paid in full in accordance with hem (20) of the Interest Priority of
Payment):

during the Programme Amortsation Period (only) and once all Notes of ll
Notes Sercs have been redecmed in full payment of the SICF Amortisaton.
Amount, les any Seller Dálution due by the Seller to the Fund not already
reccived by the Fund on or prior he relevant Calculstion such Determination.
Date and not deducted from th Seller Share Interest Payable Amount on such
Payment Date; and!

vil th redemption in ful of ll Notes of all Note Series nd the repayment
infull of Seller Interest Credit Facility, retention on ho Treasury Account

259


of any remaining amounts to be applicd as Available Principal Amount on the
following Payment Date and once all Notes o all Note Seics and all Seller
Interest Credit Facility have been redecmed in full, deposit of any remaining.
“mounts to the Treasury Account to be applicd as Available Interest Amount
“on the following Payment Date.

Priority of Payments during the Programme Acceterated Amorisarion Period.

Dating the Programme Accelrated Amortisaion Period he Management Company
vil apply, on cach Payment Date, the Available Distribution Amount towards the
following payments or debis in the following order of priority (he Accelerated
Priority ol Payments) but in cach case only to tbe extent that all payments or debis
af higher priority have ben made in ful:

(1) 10 he payment on a paré passu and pro rata bois of he Issuer Operating
Expenses:

(2) oe payment om a paripassu and pro rata basis of:
(0 any Class A Month Hedging Net Amount any) and

any Class A Hedging Senior Termination Payments (o the extent that
such Hedging Senior Terminstion Payments have not been paid in
accordance with ihe Hedging Collaeral Account Priority of
Payments)

(3) ote payment on par passa and pro rata basis of the Class A Notes Monthly
Interest Amount

(4) to the replenistument of the Class A General Reserve Required Amount

(5) redemptionin ful of all Class A Notes of all Note Series on a pari pass and
pro rata basis;

(6) to the payment om a paripassu and pro rata basis of:
(0) any Class B Monthly Hedging Net Amounts (if any); and!

any Class B Hedging Senior Termination Payments (o the cxtent that
such Hedging Senior Termination Payment have not boca paid)

(7) ote payment on paripassu and pro rasa basis of the Class B Notes Monthly
Interest Amount

(8) redemption in fall of all Class E Notes of all Note Seres on 3 pro ruta and
pa pass basis

260


(9) toto payment om. par passu and pro rata bass of:
di) any Class C Monthly Hedging Net Amounts (if any); and.

any Class C Hedging Senior Termination Payments (o the cxtent that
such Hedging Senior Termination Payment have not boca paid)

(10) o the payment on a par passu and pro rata basis of the Class C Notes
Monthly Interest Amount

(11) — redemption in fallo all Class C Notes of all Note Series om a pro ata and
paripassu basis

(12) paymentin the following order of priority of

(0) the Effective Purchase Price of the Eligible Reccivables (in the
context of Additional Transfers only) purchased by the Fund on such
date; amd

() the Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price;

(13) to the payment on a parí passu and pro rata basis of any Hedging
¡Subordinated Termination Payments in the following order of priority:

(6) Fisly the Class A Hedging Subordinated Termination Amount

(iy secondly, the Class 13 Hedging Subortinated Termination Amount;
and

(Gi) Ali he Class C Hedging Subordinated Termination Amount

in each case, to ho extent that such Hedging Subordinated Termination
Payments have not been pais

(14) — to he payment on a par passu and pro rata basis of any Seller Share Interest
Payable Amount:

(15) 10 the payment of the Servicer Fee to the extent the Servicer and the Seller
are the same entity or belong to Uh same group:

(16) repayment in full of unpaid interest and principal under the Seller Interest
Credit Fa

(17) in ortoward satisfaction on parí passa and pro rua basis of) the General
Reserve Intrest Amount ad (5) the Commingling Reserve Interest Amount

(18) to te payment of any Expenses Facility Interest Amount


(19) — to he repayment on a pari passu and pro rata basis of: (5) Expenses Paciliy
Principal Amount under the Expenses Subordinated Facility Agreement; ()
ihl General Reserve Shonfall Amount under the General Reserve
Subordinated Facility Agreement and (ii) Commingling Reserve Short!
Amount under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement

(20) to the payment to the Seller oh Variable ee,
Hedging Collteral Account Prioriy of Payments

Amount standing to the credit of cach Hedging Collateral Accosnt will not be available for
e Fund to make payments o the Notcholders and any other credito of he Fund, but will be
appicd only in he following circumstances (te Hedging Collatral Account Priority of
Payments)

(a) priorto he occuence or designation of an Early Termination Date (as defined under
the relevant Hedging Agreement) in respect of the relevant Hedging Agreement,
solely in ar towards payment or transfer o:

(6) amy retum of Collaeral (as defined under the relevant Hedging Agreement)
o th relevant hedging comnterpaty pursuant to th terms of the relevant
Hedging Agreement:

(Gi) amy interes or the revenues relating to any securtics or cash comprising
Collateral (as defined under the relevant Hedging Agreement); and

(Gi) amy retun of Collaeral (as deind under the relevant Hedging Agreement)
to the relevant Hedging Conteparty upon transfer or novation af its
bligations under the relevant Hedging Agreement to x replacement hedging
counterpaty, on any day (whelher or not such day is a Payment Dat),
diretly o the foresaid Hedging Coumterparys

(b) upon or immediately following the designation of an Early Termination Date in
respecto he relevant Hedging Agreement where

(6) such Early Termination Date has been designated following an Event of
Detail (as defined in hc relevant Hedging Agreement) in respect ol which
hc relevant Hedging Counterpary s hc Defsulting Party or a Termination
Event (cach as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) (other han a Tas.
Even, Mlegaity or Force Majeure) in respec of which the relevant Hedging.
Counterpany is an Alfecied Pary (as defined in the relevant Hedging
Agreement) and!

(Gi) the Fund entrs into a replacement Hedging Agreement on or about the carly
termination date:

2


(Gi) om the Later of the day on which such replacement Hodging Agreement is
entered into and the day on which such Replacement Hedging Premium (if
any) payable to the Fund has been reccived (in cach case, whether or not such
day is a Payment Date), in the following order of priority

(A) fist, in or towards payment of any Replacement Hedging Premium
(if any) payable by the Fund o replacement hedging counterpary in
order o enter into a replacement Hedging Agreement with he Fund
vih respect to the relevant Hedging Agreement being novated or
terminated;

(8) — second, in or towards payment of any Hedging Subordinated
Termination Payment due to the relevant outgoing Hedging.
Coumterpary: and

(C) third only following satifación in full of ll amounts owing o the
relevant going Hedging Coumterpary, on such day, any Hodging.
Collateral Account Surples o be transfered to ho Treasury Arcos,
bic will form par of he Available Interest Amount

(<) — following the designation of an carly termination date in respect of 1h relevant
Hedging Agreement where

(6) such Early Termination Date has been designated following an Event of
Detail (as defined in ihe Hedging Agreement) in respect of which the
relevant Hedging Counterpany is the Defauling Party or a Terminaion
Event (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) (other than a Tax
Event, Mlegality or Force Majeure) in respec of which the relevant Hedging.
Counterpany is an Alfecied Pany (as defined in the relevant Hedging
Agreement) and!

(Gi) tte Fund is unable to entr into a replacement Hedging Agreement on or
about the carl termination dat, on any day (whether or not such day is
Payment Date) in or towards payment of any Hedging Subordinated
Termination Payment due to the relevant outgoing Hedging Counterpary

(4) — following the designation of an Early Termination Date in respec of the relevant
Hedging Agreement where such Early Terminstion Date has been designated
vlherwise than as a resul of onc of the events specified under paragraph () and (c)
above, on any day (whether o not such day is a Payment Dat) in or towards payment
of any Hedging Senior Termination Payments due o the relevant outgoing Hedging.
Counterparys

(e) following payment of any amounts due pursuant to paragraphs () and (d) above, if
amounts remain standing to tbe credit the relevant Hedging Collateal Account

such amounis may be applied only in accordance with the following provision

26


6) Fisly, om any day (whether or noL such day is a Payment Date, in or towards
payment of any Replacement Hedging Premium (any) payable by the Fund
o a replacement hedging coumterpary in order to enter into a replacement
Hedging Agreement with the Fund with respect to the relevant Hedging.
Agrement being terminatd

(Gi) secondly, on any Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and!
he Programme Amortistion Period, in or towards payment or retention (as
le case may be) on a pari passu and pro rua basis of any Mon Interest
Amount due on such Payment Date in respect of the Class of Notes of the
relevant Noe Seres of the Alected Note (the Relevant Class of Notes),
subject o, and in accordance with, he Interest Shorfall Priority of Payments

(Gi) ahi on amy Payment Date (6) during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisation Period or () during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amorisaton Period but only after redempiion in ful of al Notes
f the Relevant Class of Noles, any surplus would constitute the Hedging
Collateral Account Surplus, which will be credited to the Treasury Account
“nd form part of the Available Interest Amounts.

For ose purposes
Early Termination Date: has the meaning asribed in the relevant Hedging Agreement

"Termination Events: hc occurrence of certain termination events and events ol default shall
be set cut in cach Hedging Agreement which may cause the termination of such Hedging:
Agreement prior to its stated termination dat.

Hedging Collateral Account Surplus: mcans the sucplas remaining if any) in any Hedging.
Collateral Account, following saisaction in full of all amounts owing to the relevant
utgoing Hedging Countempaty, in accordance with the Hodging Collateral Account Priority
of Payments

Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment: mcans in relation to any Hedging
Agreement, hc sumo any termination payments duc and ayable by the Fund to th relevant
Eligble Hedging Counterparty under such Hedging Agreement as resul f the occurrence
fa) am Event of Default or(b) a Termination Event (other than a Tax Event Megality or
Force Majeure) (in cach case (a) and (b) as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement)
where the Eligible Hedging Counterpaty s the Defaulting Party or the Alfected Paty, as
“applicable (in act case as defined in he relevant Hedging Agreement).

Replacement Hedging Premium: means, in relation to any Hedging Agreement, th amount
at he Fund ora replacement hedging coumtespary would be lable to pay to the other party
o such Hedging Agreement if the Fund and such replacement hdging comnterpany entered
ino a replacement hedging agreement further to an car termination of such Hodging.
Agrcement

264


3473 Payments in arrcars

1£ on any relevant Payment Date, the Available Distribution Amount is not sufficien 0 payo
any amount, such umpaid amount shall constiut arresrs which vil become due and poyable
by the Fund on the next following Payment Date, at thc same rank, but in priority 10 the
payment of the amounts of same mature in the applicable Priority of Payments and such
“amouns in arrsrs shall not bear interes.

3474 Variable fee

On cach Payment Dat, the Seller will ele to receive a variable foc (the Variable Fee) on
cach Payment Date and cqual to the Available Distribution Amounts remaining on such
Payment Date ace payment or reten of all other amounts payuble or retainable by the
Fund in accordance with he applicable Priority of Payments

Once the Fund has been liquidated and sl the payments have been mude pursuant o the
Accelerated Priority of Payments set out in section 34.72 of the Additional Building Block,
if there is any remaining amount, such remaining amount will also be paid to the $
Variable Fee. ln the event tha such remaining amount is not a liquid amount (total!
partally) and consists of Receivables subject to court or outoE-coun proceedings initited as
a result of the payment default or otherwise by the corresponding Borrower, boh the
continuas of such proccedings and te ostcome thcreo! sil e in favour of Seller. Far
such purposes, f necessary, the Management Company and the Seller shall entr int the
documents required to ensure the succession f the Seller ín the position of the Fund in any
such procecdings.

In te cvent that the Variable Fee s subject to any taxation, the Seller shall bear any such
taxation and the Fund will not be required to make any increased payments to compensate
such taxatio.

347.5. Fund Expenses

The Fund will pay the Initial Expenses, the Note Serios Issue Expenses, the Ordinary
Expenses and the Extraordinary Expensos tha aceros throughout its life.

(a) Nomoperative expenses of the Fund (he Fund Non-Operative Expenses)

Tas Fund Non-Operatve Expenses shall be composed by the Initial Expenses and th
Noe Serie Issue Expenses as these terms ae defined below).

6) Initial Expenses

Tas estimate af the initial expenses (he nitial Expenses) incured in the
incorporaion f he Fund is detail in section 6 of te Securities Note.

Tas Initial Expenses will be paid out of the proceeds of Ahe Expenses
Subondinated Facility and without being subject to he Priority of Payments.

265


0)

(io Note Series Issue Expenses

Any expenses incured in connection with the issue of the Notes of any Notes
Series including the exccution and iling of any Isuing Document and any
fees and costs payable in comnction therewith ic. CNMV, IBERCLEAR,
AAR, Rating Agencies feos, legal fees, cto= (he Note Serios Issue
Expenses) vil be paid (1) frsy, with the Expensos Subordinated Facility
and without bcing subject to the Priority of Payments and () secondly,
provided that thre are no sufiient avulable undrawn amounts under the
Expenses Subordinated Facility, as un Extraordinary Expense in accordance
vii below.

Th Note Serios Ire Expenses in connection with cach Notes Seres vil be
determined before the issue corresponding Notes Series takes place and will
e disclosed i he Issuing Document on th occasion o each Notes Seres

Alihough the actual value of Note Series Issue Expenses for any Note Series
issuance cannot be determined in advance (as t will depend among olher
unknown factors, on the Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amount) an
“amount of EUR 100.000 is provided a an estimate of said expenses in which
le Fund could incur por EUR 100.000.000 ol issued Notes at any given time
imhefuroe.

Expenses throughout the lie of the Fund (e Issuer Operating Expenses)

Tas Issuer Operating Expensos shall he composed by the Ordinary Expenses and th
Exaraordinary Expensos (a these terms are defined below)

Ordinary Espenses

Ordinary Expenses shall be those which ac necessary fr the regular operation of
Ac Fund that muy or will aceras in the Fund, including:

6) taxes including administrative fe):
Go remuneration of Management Companys
(i) — remuneration of Paying Agent:

(N) Service Fees
(0) > remuneration ofhe Auditor ofh Fund:

(0 remuneration of he auditor or third pary expert appoimted for the annual
“audit of the portfolio of Receivables pooled the Fund:

266


(Ci) expenses that muy aviso from mandatory adminisrivo. verificaions
Gncluding, without imitaton, CNMV, ALAF and IBERCLEAR fees),
registration and authorizaions not included in the Initial Expenses;

(vi) fees payable in connection with hc European Data Warehouse;

(6x) fees payuble to the Relevant Ratings Agencies for monitoring and!
maintaining the rating of th Notes;

(6) expenses relating to the Notes bookikscping, involving tir representation by
he book entry system, any admisson-related expenses that ari from timo to
time, and the maintenance of all of he above, not included in the Initial
Expenses

(ui) Aheexpenses incured in he redemption of the Notes (1. IBERCLEAR): and!

(xi) the expenses incured in the amnouncements and notifications relative to the
Fund andlorh Notes.

The Management Company will send insuctions to the Paying Agent for the
payment of all he Fund Ordinary Expenses that accruc throughout its if, and will be
paid to Aci respective henefciaies pursuant to th relevant Priority of Payments.

Although he actual amount of Ordinary Expenses cannot be determined in advance
asi will depend among «her on fixed and variable actors linked to the Outstanding.
Principal Balance of the Purchased Receivable, an amount of EUR 10.000.000 is
provided as an estimate of suid ycarly expenses in which the Fund cosld incur in the
fsture

Exiraordinary Expenses

FExtraordinary Expenses shall include:
6) expenses that are incured in iquidaing the Pund!
Gi) expenses arising from the preparation and. formal execution of the

“amendment of th Deed of Incorportion and of the Funds Agreements
Prospectus Supplement as well us for the execution of additional contract

(hi) Alte expenses necessary for the enforcement of the Reccivables and those:
derived from the necessary recovery actions

(Y) all fees, costs, expenses and taxes require to be paid in order o preserve th
existence of the Fund orto maíntsin tin good standing or o comply with the

“applicable egisaion

(0) amy expenses incured incas oPtermination of the isue of a Notes Serios

27


(vi) extesordinary audit and legal advice expenses; and

(vi) in general, any olher cxtraordinary expenses incured by the Fund or by the
Management Company, on bchalfof and foro account o he same.

The Management Company will send insuctions to the Paying Agent for the
payment of all the Fund Extraordinary Expenses that accrue hroughout ts if, and
will be paid to thcir respective bencficiaics pursuant lo Ahe relevant Priority of
Payments (or, he date om which hey fall due is not a Payment Date, if necessary,
without following the relevant Priority of Payments on the date on sich hey fal
due

348. Other arrangements upon which payments of interest and principal to investors

“and o the lender under the Subordinated Facilitis are dependent

3481. Hedging Agreements
General

Tac Reccivables to be purchasod by the Fund bear an adjustable fixed interest rate while the
Class A Notes andfo he Class 1 Notes and/or th Class C Notes of any Note Series may bear
a oating rate of interest as specific in th relevant the Issuing Document

Conscquently, the Fund may be exposed lo interest rate risk which, in the excnt that dis
decided to cover, t may be hedged through the seting of a Maximum Interest Rate o the
relevant Notes or with any Class A Hedging Agreement on the issue of any Class A Floating
Rate Notes and any Class B Hedging Agreement on he issue of any Clas 1 Floating Rato
Notes and any Class C Hedging Agreement on the issue of any Class C Pluting Rate Notes
entered into betwcen the Fund, represented by th Management Company, and any Eligible
Hedging Cownterpaics

1 the interest rate exposure of the Fund in relation to any Class of Notes of any Note Seris is
o be hodged by the enterng into a Hdging Agreement in respect af he relevant Class af
Notes of a Note Serie (the Hedged Notes), the Management Company. on behalf of the
Fund, will entr into on or more Hedging Agreemenis with Eigible Hedging Counterpartic,
as specific in the relevant ssuing Document n respect of the Hedged Noxes. It is expected
hat ihe Hedging Agreements will be interest rate swaps, but other Financ
agreements (eg. interest rate collar, interest rate cap) muy be entered into for hedging
purposes by the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, depending on the conditions
fte financial markcts at hc time the Hodged Notes are issued,

derivaives

The Hodging Agreements will cach be documented by means of (1) a master neting
agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (Mullicurrency-Cross Border), as
Published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, In., (an ISDA Master
Agreement) the schedule and the credit suppori annex threto (an ISDA Credit Support
“Annex), together wit he confirmation setting out 1h terms of cach hedging transaction,

26


a Contrato Marco de Operaciones Financieras (a CMOF Master Agreement) in ts 2013
version (or any oxher vesion as selected by the Management Company). as prepared by the
Spanish Bankers Association (Asociación Española de Banca) and the Spanish Savings
Banks Association (Confederación Española de Cajas de Ahorros). ogether vih its Annex
ll credit support annex thcreto (Anexo HII — Acuerdo de Realización de Cesiones en
Garantía) (he CMOF Credit Support Annex, and together with the ISDA Credit Suppor:
“Amex, the Credit Support Annex) and the confirmation setin out the terms of cach Hedging
Agreement, or (li) any che financial transations master neting documentation which the
Management Company dem suitable for th relevant Hedging Agreement

Payments under the Hedging Agreements

1 the relevant hedging transaction entered into under the Hedging Agrecments are interest
rate swap transactions (1RSS), the basic structure of the hedging transactions to bo entered
¿mo by the Fund is expected to be as follows:

(a) — The Eligible Hedging Coumerpartes will pay to the Fund on the payment dates
specific in the relevant transaction confirmations, an amount calculated by reference
to he Reference Rate payable on the Hodged Notes.

(0) — The Eligible Hedging Counerpantes will reccive from the Fund on, on the payment
dates specified in the relevant transaction confimations, an amount calculated wit
reference to a fixed at.

(c) — Netting between the foregoing fixed and Mating payments will apply, in accordance
vi the terns specific below and pursuantto the Hedging Agrecments.

(4) — The applicable notional amount for the relevant IRSS will e the aggregate Principal
Amount Outstanding of the Hedged Notes on cach Payment Date or, otherwise, a set
tin th relevant transaction confirmation

(e) — The Calculation Agent (as defined in the Hedging Agreement) under the Hedging
Agreement shall e ct ost in the relevant Hodging Agreement.

(6) The fixed ate payable by th Fund under each IRS shall he as agrecd between the
Management Company. on bebalf of the Fund, and the applicable Eigble Hodging.
Counterpaics and shall e st ost in the relevant transaction confirmation

(8) Where any Hedging Net Amount is due to be puid by the relevant Eligible Hedging
Counterpan, the Eligible Hedging Counerparty will make the relevant payment to
tb Fund on the payment date set ot in the relevant transaction confirmation.

(8) Where the Hedging Net Amount is due 1o be paid by the Fund, he Pund will make
tb relevant payment to the relevant Elgible Hedging Counterpany on the payment
dto set out in he relevant transaction confirmation but subjest to and in accordance
wi the Interest Priority of Payments.

2


35.

3482. — Financial Agency Agreement

The Management Company, on bebalf of and for he account of the Fund, will ete into a
Financial Agency Agreement with the Paying Agent and dh Isucr Accounts Bank for the
Financial servicing of the Notes Series, whose main terms and conditions are described in
section 52 of Securities Note,

"Name, address and significant business actviics ol originators of the securiized assts

Wizink Bank, S.A. is a fully regulated independent bank: under supervision of Bank: of Spain
“and the Esropcan Central Bank.

WiZink was originally Cit Spai's Credit Card business, acquired by Popular and Várde, and
as recently integrated BarelayCard from Spain and Portugal

Credit card issuance business was created by mullintional Citibank in 1992. ln 2014 Banco
Popular acquires Citbank's credit cord business and transfers t together with ts own cord
business to lts digital subsidiary Bancopopular-. In 2015, Vánde Partners acquired SIS of
Bancopopular-, the 49% remaining shares were kept by Popular. Finally n 2016, WiZink
acquires Barelaycard' busines in Spain and Portugal. Alo in 2016 Bancopopular-e changes
ds brand to WiZink Bank SA,

WiZink is currently SIS owned by funds manoged by Várde Partners, ihrough an
intermediate holding company, Ancto Sar. Várde Partners is a global alternativo investment
manager focused on investing capital and resources across multiple segments and markets
vih over USS12 billion asscts under management, Várde Partners was established in 1993
“and hesdquarered in Minneapolis, USA.

Vardé% sharcholding in Wizink is held through Luxemburg SPVs (Aneto SARL and Veleta
SARL). Aneto SARL owns 51% of Wizink and Veleta SARL owns 100% of Aneto. Veleta
“owned by a number of private funds which take the form of limited partnership, and which
have appointed Várde Management L.P., a US SEC Registered Investment Adviser, as
investment adviser to the Varde Funds, None ot ulimate investment fands participating in
his structure (rough Ancto and Veleta) have a controling stake in Aneto or in Veleta or in
Wixink. Lkewiso, 2016 audited accounts fr cach f he individual funds were unqualificd.

Aneto SARL and Veleta SARL have audited annual accounts for the years ended 31
December 2015 and 31 December 2016, both unquaificd

Wizink Bank, S.A. registered address isa alle Ulises 16-18, Madrid. Is credit institution
duly registered with number 0229 in the registic ol Uh Bank of Spain.

AL3I December 2016, Banco Popular Español, S.A share capital was comprised of

72,452,396 nominative shares, which accounted for 49% of the capital stock, with identical
Financial and political rights, fully subscribed and paid in and without any restrictions om

EN


transfer. ANETO SÁ RL. share capll was comprised of 75.409.640 nominativo shares,
vwbich accounted for 51% of capital stock

AL31 December 2016, the sharcholders of he Seller were the following:

Anto SÁRL. su
Banco Popular Español, S.A. 0%
100.00
Activities

WiZink specalizes in revolving credit cards hrough a valuc proposition based on simplicity.
convenience and Hexibiiy Th bank finances -95% of its credit isuing tough deposit
collection, offering mass marketed simple savings products, such as term deposis and savings

Balance sheets and prof and loss accounts

"ho tables below show a summary of the individual and audited balance sheet and profit and
loss account of he Seller for 2015 and 2016. Consolidated accounts are not shown since
Banco de España consides that hird pary participation s not significant:

oran ev Load ancora mn ota
an as ets e va ah pr es
torcer er odo ancora mn e ota

m


oran em Loud arcada mn tae
oran ev odo and or mn ooo
Isora tem odo and or mn e ota
Dont Pee cnt
Flo crrges pon nn porta
e er
Icono sir o vet 0 arcos
y eras ts
roo ca pro nino una seco
ran Lose andan reto
oran e Aa nr rs
tag st
rs rg

ar ra pr

oa

m


Financia Eds dsg ls Ip ro
oa

oa

Duras Has acotrg
Ene al charges 6 a pega uma porta
ae
on an apo ep
cn omo rm
0 a es rs gon

rre caleta on den
E)
bis uses apa grp

ar ra pr

m5


Enaycsnesrenotcompoatneclrenarene

ie a

otr mscman ton opus tiago
lomas Ch toutecosJetectezonon

m


"hc non-performing raio(ruio de morosidad) refectod in the notes to the balance shct and
profit and loss accounts (memorias) of the Seller for the years, 2015 and 20161, respectively,
5.56% and 8.46%.

"The solvency ratio (ario de solvencia) reflected in the notes to 1h balance shcet and profit
“and loss acconmts (memoria) of the Seller for the years 2015 and 2016 is, respectively.
14.22% and 15.65%.

¡Own fund of the Seller are all Tr capi

ys


36.

Return and/or repayment of the securitie with others that are not asots of the issuer
Nox applicable.

Service, calculation agent or equivalent

37... Description of the duties and respos + undertaken by the Management
Company regarding the management and legal representation of the Fund and.
Noteholders

37

1.1 Dutiesand responsibilitis of the Management Company

The Fund will be incosporaed by “INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN, SG.FT, SA. as he
Management Company duly auorised for such purposes and, conscqueny, o ac us the
manager ad legal representative o he Fund, ursuan to he provisios of Law 5/2015, and
in paca vil be responsible in accordance with aniclo 26.1 1) of Law S/2015 ol the
administration and management of the ases pooled in the Fund in ts condition as Master
Server

As the manager of third party funds, the Management Company will be required to act with
vstmostdiligence and transparency in defence of the best interests of the Noteholders and the
faders of the Fund.

"hc Noteholders will have no recourse against the Management Company, otr than fornon-
performance of is dutic or non-compliance with the provision of the Deed of Incorporation,
bis Base Prospectus, any Prospectas Supplements and the applicable Las and regulations. In
is regard, no action of the Noteholders agunst the Management Company shall be based on
(ó) delinquency or prepayment of the Receivables; (il) non-fulilment by the diferen parties
f the operations entered into in the name and on behalf of the Fund (other han the
Management Company); or (ii) the insuffcieney of the credit enhancements o, cover the
payments ofthe Notes of any class

Merely by way o llutation, and notwihstanding any other actions stpulated in th Deed of
Incorporation and his Base Prospects, the dutis o he Management Company, according to
he legstnion applicable at the registration oh Base Prospectus, will e as follows:

(a) — managing and servicing the Purchased Receivables as Master Service in accordance
with article 26.11) of Law S/2015

(b) — exercising the sigh of the Fund under cach Programme Document il the relevant
comnterpay fail to comply with the provisions of the corresponding Programme
Document

(c) — ensuring, on te basis o he information made available to hat

6) the Seller will comply with the provisions of he Master Receivables Sale and!
Purchase Agreement;

E


0)

(o

0

5)

0)

w

")

(io the Expenses Subordinated Facility Provider will comply wit the provisions
fte Expensos Subordinaed Facility Agreement

(Gi) Ate Seller Interest Credit Pacily Provider will comply wit e provision of
he Seller Interest Credit Facility Agreement

(Y) the General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider will comply with the
provisions of the General Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement:

(0) the Commingling Reserve Subontinaed Facility Provider will comply wit
the provisions of the Commingling Reserve Subordinatod. Facil
Agreement

(4) the Servicr will comply with he provision of he Servicing Agreement;

(oi) the relevant Hedging Cosnterpaics
relevant Hodging Agreements and

comply with the provisions of the

(vi the Paying Agent and the Issuer Accounts Bank will comply with the
provisions oFthe Financial Agency Agreement

pplying the procceds of the issue of the Notes a issued by the Fund on cach Issue
Date, pursuant to the provisions of the Deed of Incorporation or any amendment
theeto, as applicable

determining the occurrence of a Seller Exent of Default, a Potential Servicer
Termination Even, a Sericer Terminstion Exent, a Revalving Termination Event or
an Accelerated Amortisaion Event (including the occurtence or a Fund Liquidation
Excmo

determining, with respect to any Note Seris, hc occurtence of an Optional Early
Redempiion Event

request the initial and annual veification of the atributes of he Reccivables in th
context of Initial Transfers by an auditor; only the Initial Transfer of the Reccivables
assigned to the Fund are subject o annual suit

ensuring th payments of the Isuer Operating Expenses to the creditors of the Fund!
in accordance with th applicable Priority of Payments;

veriying that the payments reccived by the Fund ae consisten wilh the sums due
vih respect to lts asets and, if necessary, enforcing he rights of the Fund under the
Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement and the Servicing Agreement

providing al necessary information and intuctions to the Issuer Accounts Bank in
order for lt to opere the suer Accounts opened in its hooks in accordance with the
provision ofthe Deed of Incoporation and the applicable Priority of Payments;

E)


wo

w

tm)

tm

(o)

0)

w

0

ws

w

allocating any payment reccived by the Fund and arising from the assts exclusively
ted to it án accordance with the Programme Documents and the Decd of

Incorporation or any amendment theeto, as applicable;

csrrying out the calculations and determination st ut in section 3.1.2 below.
¿iuring the Programme Revolving Period and th Programme Amortistion Period:

6) communicating to the Seller ihe Available Purchase Amount and the
Minimum Purchase Amount before cach Purchase Date in the context of

Initial Transirs;

(Gi) taking all required steps in rlaion to the issue of any new Note Series on any
Issue Date in accordance with the relevant Programme Documents; and

(Gi) determining with the Seller the principal amount of any Note Series 10 be:
issued on any Isue Date:

«iring the Programme Revolving Period, the Programme Amortsation Period and the
Programme Accelorated Amorisation Period:

66) acquiring, for and on behalf of the Fund, the Reccivables, from the Seller
úpursuant to the Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement; and

(Gi) checking te satisaction ofthe relevant Conditions Precedent to the Purchase:
df Reccivables and compliance of certain reccivables which have been
selected by the Seller with the aplicable Eligibility Criteria.

notiying, or causing to notiy,lhe Borrowers and he Insurance Companies:

preparing, the documents required under applicable laws and regulations, for the
information ol, if applicable, the CNMV, the Relevant Rating Agencies, ALAF,|
IBERCLEAR, the public and any other relevant supervisory authority or third party
emo

publishing the Investor Report on ts internet website, at Iast three (3) Business Days.
before any Payment Date;

enew the Base Prospectus and preparing any Prospectus Supplement in accordance
wi the applicable laws and regulations:

preparing any Issuing Document in relation to any issuance af Note Series
upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, replacing the Servicer andior
providing any datuímiormation in its possession to the Replacement Service, án

ccordance with the applicable laws and regulations and soction 372.13 of the
Additional Building Block:

EN


(u) — replacing, if necessary, the Issuer Accounts Bank and any Eligible Hedging
Counterpaics and the Paying Agent under the terms and conditions provided by the
applicable laws at the time of such replacement and by the Financial Agency
Agreement or any Hedging Agreements, respectively

(6) — providing on-line access to cenain data for investors (through website fciliis) in
order to distribute any information provided by the Seller puesuant to article 405 of
the CRR, he AIEMR and hc Solvency Il Regulation

(9 laising with the Seller vebich shall provide he Management Company with Loa leve
disclosure in order to enable the Management Company to upload the loan level
disclosure required by the Eurosystem in the Eurosystents database:

(0) making te decision to liquidate the Fund in accordance wilh the applicable laws and
regulations and subject to the provsions of the Decd of Incorporation;

69) issuig appropriate instructions to the Paying Agent regarding payments to be made
to the Notcholders and, where applicable, to other entics in charge of making.
payments

(2) — monitoring the actions of the Servicer for recovery of non-payments, giving

instructions, wben applicable, and exercise the actions which apply when
circumstances occur which so require:

(22) — crying the accounting of the Fund with due separation from the accounting of the
Management Company, and render accounts and comply with th tax or other legal
bligaions applicable o hc Fund;

(bb) appoint and, as the case may be, replace and dismi the Auditor with the prior
appeoval of the CNMV, where necessary

(cc) om behalf of the Fund, provide he Relevant Rating Agencies with period
information regarding th situation of the Fund and the hebaviour of the Reccivables
in order to allow them to continue rating tho Notes. Similar, t vil supply th said
information whenever reasonably requested todo so by the Relevant Rating Agencies
and, in any event, wliencver a chango occurs in the conditions of the Fund, in the
agreements entered into by the Fund through 1 Management Company or in the
interested pants

37.12 Calculations by the Management Company as caleulation agent
Subject to the Priority of Payments o be appicd during he Programme Revolving Period, the

Programme Amortisation Period or the Programme Accelerted Amontisation Period,
respectively, the Management Company shall:

E)


0)

0)

(o

0)

(o

calculte on cah Interest Determination Date in respec of any Flosting Rate Notes,
the applicable Interest Rato;

calculate on th Determination Date the Available Purchase Amount;

calculate on each Calculation Date during the Programme Revolving Period:

6) the Minimum Purchase Amount;
Gi) the Minimum Portfolio Amount
(Gi) the Unapplicd Revolving Amount

calculate on cach Calculation Date during the Programme Revolving Period and th
Amoriation Period:

6 the Available Principal Collections
Gi) the Available Amortisaion Amount
(ii) the Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger, the Class B Principal Deficiency

Ledger and the Residual Deficiency Ledger:

(Y) the General Reserve Replenishment Amount and the General Reservo
Decrease Amount

(0) the Class A General Reserve Ledger and the Class E: General Reserve:
Ledger;

(0) e Note Seres 20xx-yy Available Amontisaion Amount
(bie Note Seres 20:x<yy Total Available Amortisaion Amount
(vii) the Note Seres 20xx-yy Available Purchase Amount

(6) he Note Seres 20:-yy Principal Ratio; and

6) the Not Seres 20x3-3y Call Amount and

on csch Calculaion Date in respect of cach Payment Date during the Programme
Revolving Period and the Programme Amortistion Period or cach Payment Date
¿iuring the Programme Accelerated Amoniation Period, determine, on the basis of
tb latest information reccived from th Service:

6) the Available Distribution Amount:

Gi) the Available Principal Amount

20


Gi) be Available Interest Amount:
(v) he Class ANotes Monthly Interest Amount;
(6) he ClassB Notes Monthly Interest Amount
(0) Class Cotes Monthly Interest Amount
(ii the Seller Interest Credit Facility Inrest Amount:

(ah Class A Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount and the Class AZ0xx-yy
Monthly Notes Amortisuion Amos

(6) the Class B Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount and the Class B20xxyy
Monthly Notes Amortisuion Amos

6%) the Class C Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount and the Class C20xx-yy
Monthly Notes Amortisution Amos

ui) he Seller Interest Credit Facility Amortisaion Amount
ul he Class A Notes Principal Amount Outstanding:
(xi) the Class B Notes Principal Amount Outstanding:
xv) he Class Cotes Principal Amount Outstanding:

(09) he sur Operating Epenses:

(a) the Note Series 20wcy Cal Amt

(avi) the Note Seres 20x3-yy Clean up Amount; and

(xvii), the Commingling Reserve Decrease Amount and the Commingling Reserve:
Increase Amount;

(0 givethe appropriate instractions o the relevant Programme Parties fr the locations
and payments in respect of the Fund in accordance vih th relevant Priority of
Payments and in respect of cach Setlement Date and Payment Date.

1 the Servcer has filed to provide the Management Company with the Monthly Servicer
Report within two (2) Business Days after the relevant Monthly Reporting Date, the
Management Company shall estimate, on hc bass o he latest information reccived from the
Servicer, as applicable, any element necessary in order to make payments in accordance with
le relevant Priority of Payments. In particular, the estimated Available Collections arisen
during the preceding Collection Period would be based on th last Monthly Servicer Report
received, the last available amortation schedule contained in such report, and using, as
repayment and default rates assumpúioos, the average prepayment rates and default mues

En


calculated by the Management Company on the basis of the las hree (3) available Monthly
Servicer Repons delivered to the Management Company.

37

1.3 Resignation and replacement of the Management Company

The Management Company shall be substisuted in managing and representing the Fund, in
accordance with anticles 32 (Resignation) and 33 (Forced Substitution) of Law 5/2015 andar
in case that lts muthoriation to act as management company were to be revoked and to the
extent applicable, othr regulations to be established in th futuro

(a) Resignation of the Management Company

The Management Company may resign its management and auhorised represents.
fanetion with respect o al or par o the funds managed whencver it deems this
requesting ls substituion, which should be authorized by the CNMV, in accordance
vit procedure and the conditions to be established in Law 52015.

The Management Company may in no event resign ts dutics until and unless sl
requirements and formaltics have been complid within order for ts ubstie to
take over dui

Tas substittion expenses originated shall be bome by the Management Company
“and muy in no event be passed on to he Fund,

(0) Forced substituto of the Management Company

6) In the event that the Management Company is declared insolvent (en
concurso) or in case ht ts sthoristion to act as management company

were to be revoked, it shall find a substitute management company, in
“accordance with the provision of he foregoing section.
(o Always in the event for which provision ás made in he preceding section, 3

four momihs (4) have clapsed from the occurrence determining. the
substtuion and no new management company has boen found to take over
management of the Fund, there shall be an Early Liquidation of the Fund, in
“accordance with the provision of his Base Prospecto.

(ii) "The Management Company agrees to execute such notarial decds and private
documents as may be necessary for it to be substitured by another
management company, in accordance with he system for which provision s
made in the preceding paragraph of his section. The substituto management
company shall be substituted in Ahe Management Company's rights and
duties under this Base Prospectus and amy Prospectus Supplement
Funhiermore, the Management Company shall hand to the substitute
management compuny such accounting records and data files as it may have.
o hand over connection with the Fund,

a


37

14 Subcontracting of the Management Company

The Management Company will be empowered to subcontact or delegate the provision of
any of the services which it has to cary out with regard to their functions concerning the
“administration and legal representasion of the Fund to Aid panic with acknowledged
solvency and capacity, in accordance with what is set out in his Base Prospectus and any
Prospectus Supplement on the condition that he subcontactor or delegate has renownced th
exercise of any action laiming labilty against he Fund,

In any case, the subcontracting or delegation of any sevic () cannot involve any additional
ost or expense for the Fund, (ú) must be legaly possble and (si) will be subject to
úotificaion to (and if applicable, authoristion from) he CNMV, and, ¡legally necessary, it
vil have ts previous authoriution. Notwitbstanding any subcontracting or delegation, the
Management Company will not be cxonerated nor elcascd from any of th liabilitis assumed!
by vinue of ahis Base Prospectus and any Prospectus Supplement which are legally
“tributabl to or required rom it dueto his subcontracting or delegaing.

37.15. Remuneration ol the Management Company.

The Management Company vil receive as remuneration for ts services the fee set out in
separate fe te.

In case that hc current legislation applicable is modified, implying additional requirements to
the Management Company, the easonable expenses incured by the Management Company
vvillbe born by the Fund.

372. Servicing of the Reccivables

As legal representativo of te Fund responsible fr ts management and in accordance with
article 26.1) of Law S/2015, the Management Company is entrustd with the management
and servicing of the Purchased Reccivables as Master Servicer; this nowwistanding, the
Management Company has agroed that he management and scrvicing of the Purchased
Reccivables will be carried out by WIZINK (in such condition, the Servicer) (as services
provider) without such appointment implying limitatio of the liabiity of the Management
Company visvis the noteholders and any funder of the Fund,

"ac terms and conditions of he management, collection ad the servicing of the Purchased
Reccivable ae regulated under the Servicing Agreement

3721. Ad

iation and Servicing of he Reccivables

In lis capacity as Servicer, Wizink Bank, S.A. will service, adminiter and. collet the
Purchased Receivables. The Servicers dutic include, amongst others, (A) lhe servicing.
“administration and collection of the Purchascd Reccivables and, if applicable, the remitance
of any Insurance Indemmifictions, (8) the remiitance of the Available Collections to the
Treasury Account, (C) the remitance of the Monhly Servicer Report to the Management

a


Company, and (D) if applicable, the notification 10 the Borrowers and the Insurance
Companies in accordance with section 372.13 of the Additional Building Block (he
Services).

The Servicer is appointed by he Management Company to administer and, if hc cas aries,
do take any necessary actions for the purposes of colleting and enforcing the Purchased
Reccivables and for the purposes of remiting th Insurance Indemnificaions.

37.22. Servicer's general representations and undertakings
Tao Servicer represents and underakes:

(a) toservice and administr the Purchascd Reccivables pusuant to (A) the provisions of
in this section 2.72 of the Additional Building Block and (8) ls Servicing Policies,
always subject o appliable laws and regulations;

(b) — at all times during the term of lts appoimtment as Servicer, perform ús obligaions
(including, without limitaion,ih serviing, administring and collection of al! sums
due under or in connection with the Purchasod Reccivables and the remittance of
Insurance Indemnificaions) with all due care, skill and diligence and in good fait
and in a commercially prodent manner in such way in order to minimixe loss and!
maximise recoveres in compliance wilh all applicable laws and regulaions and!
recover amounis from the Borrowers, and to exercise a level of skill, care and!
“tention in providing the Services and performing any related functions as lt won
it were managing comparable asses for ielf

(c)  toallocte adequate resources for hc proper performance by it ofthe Services;

(4) — to notify the Management Company of the occurtence of a Potential Servicer
Termination Event or any Services Termination Evens

(e) to report to the Management Company on the performance of the Purchased
Reccivables through the Monthly Servicer Report and to provide and deliver to the
Management Company, to the extent reasonably practicable, subject to any
requirement of law or regulatry direction, such fuer information and/or reports
whether in writing or olherwise as the Management Company may reasonably
require, and on reasonable notice, in connection with hc Purchased Reccivabls and!
the Services ad the performance of ls duties:

(0 to monitor timely and correct payments by Borrowers (including but not limited to,
verpayment) and notiying Borrower ol overdue payments

(8) — tone visd-sisany Borrower all obligaions of such Borrower under he relevant
Credit Card Agreement and, in accordance with the Servicing Policies, managing th
maximum credit limit under such Credit Card Agreement, determining whether any
Purchased Reccivables should be acccleraed in accordance wih its Seicing

2


Policies, and taking any action necessary or desirable, or olherwise determined by th
Servicer; and upon request, keep the Management Company informed oa material
actions and decisions taken in cach case;

(0) to procure tt (3) amounts coming from dirt debit payments belonging to the Fund
are paid ino the Collections Account wilhin one (1) Business Day and den
transfered to the Treasury Account vithin one (1) Business Day following recipt of
the amount by the Seller (provided hat such amounts ar received within banking.
hours on the Business Day they are received into the Collections Account, otherwise
the following Business Day) and (3) amounts coming from nondirect debi
payments including Insurance Indemnificaions) elonging to the Fund a paid into
th Collections Account vilhin two (2) Business Days and then transfcrred to the
Treasury Account within one (1) Business Day following reccit of the amounis by
tb Seller ito the relevant accounts (provided tha such amounts are eccived within
banking hours on the Business Day they are reccived by the Seller, otherwise the
following Business Day?:

(0 tonotify o hc Management Company promptly upon becoming aware that any o he
representation or warrantis given or made by he Sellr in elaion to the compliance
of any Purchased Reccivable with hc Eliibiliy Criteria was materially false or
incorrect in amy materia respect on hc relevant Purchase Date; aná

6) to provide cenain cash management services in relation o Uh Purchased Reccivables
in accordance with section 3.727 below.

In performing lts obligaions as Service, he Servicer shall comply with all requirements of
any applicable law (including any laws and regulations relating to consumer credit
transaction and to th protection of personal dat), stattory instrument, regulation, directive,
“administrative requiremen,licence, authorsation or order made by any government, supra-
national body, state, cour, ibunal or arbitral body.

3723. — Authority ofthe Servicer

Tas Service shall comply in
provided ta:

material respcts with te spy

cable Sevicing Policies,

(a) the Servicer sull ensure that the Servicing Poicis lt uses are and vil remain in
compliance with all laws and regulations applicable to the scvicing of that type of
consumer revolving receivables;

(6) — the Management Company and the Relevant Rating Agencies shall be informed of
any substantial amendment or subsítution to the Credit Policies and the Servicing
Policies, unless (A) the relevant amendent or substitution is necessary in order for
the Credit Policies and the Servicing Policies to remain compliant wit all avs and!
regulations applicable to the servicing of hat type of consumer revolvin reccivable,
or any guidelie, instruction, judgment,injunction or rule reasonably applied by the

as


Seller or, as applicable, Service and (B) has no direct material adverse efect on the
collection of the Puchased Reccivables

(6) im event at the Server has o face situation tha is mot expressly envisaged by
the Serviing Policies it shall ct in u commercial pradent and reasonable manner
sit wosld do fit was managing ts own recivables;

(4) — in applying the Servicing Policies or taking such action, in relation to any particular
Borrower which is in default or which is likely to be in default in relation to
Parchased Receivabl, the Servicer shall only devate from the Servicing Policies ¿it
reasonably believes that doing so will enhance recovery prospects or minimise loss
rolating to that Purchased Reccivables; and

(6) the Service hall have the authority o exercise all enforcement measures conceming
amounts due under any Purchascd Reccivables om cach Borrower, including the
right to sue a Borrower in any competen court in Spain or in any other foreign
competen jurisictio. The Management Company shall adopt such measures as may
be reasonably required by the Service (including, without limitan, he granting of
proxics or powers of atorney) for the purposes of ho performance of any of the
diutis assumed by the Services hercunder (in particular, in connection aith any legal
or court proccedings or actions, or any other action before any official or
“administrative authority)

Servicing Policies

Mitigation of default risk via Collections (Recovery) of had debes

CollectionsfRecoverios policies ae reviewed anmually (and updated accordingly if any
change is required during ihe period), and approved by the Credit Risk Exccutive, The
roferred policies apply to both securitised and non-sccurtised Credit Cards.

The primary objective ol collections actviy so rehabilite ho account in areas in the
shortest period of time when the contact is not terminated (when the accoun ter in
writeo1D), and to protect the asset once the account enters in permanent block si

(érom 3 months in arrars omward),

Collections model separate:

+ Presurite-off activity (up to 7 months án arras), hat is card out by combining
internal cam and external agencies in order to setup benchmarks.

+ Witeoff activity (from 8 months in arrers onward), accounts ae sent to external

collections agencies to recover the asset. Liligtion proccedings are stared for centin
accounts a this stage.

26


Wien the customer financial situation does not allow to cure the customer, considertion of
set of miligation tools can be offered in order to help to the customer on th repayment of
tb deb

In all default cases the Credit Card is automatically blocked (Temporal Block up to 3
monals in arrars; Permanent Block from 3 months in arcars omward) so that no furor
expenditure and increase in th credit isc possible,

In addition, Credit Cards entering 4 months in default ae reported to Credit Bureaus
(Asnel/Experian), previously notifying the Borrower in compliance with Data Protection
regulations; accounts ae released from Bureau, according to latest March17 regulation,
when paid off toal debt (if the account is in Weite-O11) or rolling back to 1 unpaid
instalment(pre-wete-0 accounts),

Pre-write-ofT: Accounts sol and are allocated to separate tcams according to 30xday
default time-trames (“Buckcts). Pre=write-off activity is conducted using a model that
combines both internal and external agencies according to best trade-o/f between FTE (Full
“ime equivalent) cos collections results and skills required in cach o he segments

Accounts are segmented in Low, Medium, High £ Very High risk according o the risk
segmentation models developed by Scoring 4 Advanced Analytics tcam for each of the
buckets, and are roviecd quanterly betwcen Risk and Scorings teams. Risk levels and the
bucket stage drives collection intenstis, contact channels e remedial oo! eligibiligy

AL Preswrite-alf stage, phone collections is the main collections treatment, being also
complemented for sclectd segments by letters, SMS, recorded messages, burofax and
ema

Write=afT At this stage, action is taken regarding Borrowers who have missed cigh (8)
or more monthly Instalments aimed at obtaiing x full or partial payment, and focused on
setslements and payment plans.

Currently, there are five (5) external agencies managing the recovery stock: two (2) for
phone collections and tre (3) or litigaion bankrupcies

Write: portfolio is segmented per probabilisy of recovery in score range from Score 1
(highes propensity to be collected o score 5 (lowest) and refrehed quarter.

Phone collections is the main treatment, complemented with leurs (for payment reminder
and setlements Campaigns). Litigation ás conducted for certain accounts according to
minimum balance, nd paymnt-contact history; process is conducted by external Agencies
specialized in legal proceedings doing also phone collections in scarch of an extrajudicial
agreement

Write-off stock is subject to peridicalportolio sales.

a


Remedial Tools

A set of tools is available in order to mitigae loss for customers willing to pay, but not
able to pay at normal terms. A! a certain point, a rewcte can be offered to a customer with
long term or structural hardship as per colletor assessment, nd subject o credit sanctioning
criteria (minimum solvency and income to repay th debt at renegotited terms) Other tools
such as late fee waivers and setlcments that will be considered as th last option when ihr
activities did no success.

Credit Shield (Payment protection insurance)
In the event the Borrower has contrated a Credit Shild associated to the Credit Card,
subject o he presentation of the required documentation, th insurance covers th customer
ibi (up o 3 months in defaul) in hc following situations: a) deceased, b disability
(temporary or permanent) or c) unemployiment.

Once the documentation supplicd has been reviewed by the insurance broker and the
fulfllment with coverage requirements has been confirmed, he insurance company pays the
amountsstipalated according to the Insurance Poly.

Write: requirements

Write: policy for Crit Cards and rewrites is a 210 days past due (dpú).

Tis following events can trigger an “caly wrie-of7" before write-off standard colendar

+ Bankuptey

+ Fra

+ Deccased when relativesrejctineritance

order to miligtelosses and moximize amount collected, deceased accounts ae placed on
special collections queues in which is offered o heisrelatives cither selement at special
discount orrewrt with hirrelative as new accoumbolder

Governance de Controls

Risk Operating Commitice (ROC) is held monthly between Risk 4 Collections

management, covering both pre=write-o1f £ write off potíolis. The following topics are
included in the Commitee:

+ ReviewoKPI' (resul, volumes, productivity metrics intensitics)
+ Adequatestaffng levels monitoring.
+ Collections Strategy execution

a


+ Champion Challengers de Tests
+ Mitigationtoolsrevicw (booking performance)
+ Quality Gncluding applicable status of opened issues de corective actions)

+ Ongoing projects and new inititivos

Management of fraud

Th Fraud Prevention Deparsment all fraud-rlatod isues regarding both the oigination
process and the use of Credit Card.

Fraud management is also asiste by the detection 001 Lynx") which combines a les
“and a neural engine which consides customer spending pattern at card level. Lynx monitore
ú'nusual customer bebaviours or Iransuctins or which do not coespond to the normal use
fte card by the customer, including the use of th card in stores considered as higliskc or
in which here is an increase in the number of fraud cases. The detection 1001 vil oncrate a
reabtime alert which is reviewed by a fraud analyst in order to verify with the customer
those suspeet transaction by an outbound telephone cal ora text message.

WiZink provides a telephone mumber availble 24 hours any day to allow customers to
report fraud on his account, Customer Service ensures that the card has hoen blocked in
der to prevent furor loss, request he necessary documentation and transfer Abe claim to
Fraud Department Customers ca also request the cancellation of the card in case of loss
theft orany other circumstance which the customer believes may pose risk

Any fraudulent or unauthorised transaction notificd by a customer is managed through the
Fraud Department

3724. — Duration of appointment
Tas appoiniment and suthoriy of the Servicer sbull be effective as from the Fund
Incorporation Date and shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with section
372.3 below.

3725. Subcontracting

The Servicer may appoint one or more sub-<ontractos (cach, a Sub-Contractor) to perform
any of the services to be provided in ts conditions as Servicer, provided that:

(a) — norwitbstanding any provision to th contrary (including, without limitaion, in the

contractual srrangoments betwcen the Servicer and the appointed Ahird pan). the
appoinment of such Sub .Contractor shall nt in any way exempl the Services from its

2


bligaions, for which it shall remain responsible towards the Fund as if no such
úsubcontact had been made;

(0) — the Fund shall have no liabiliy to the appoined Sub-Contractor whatsocver in
relation to any cos, claim, charge, damage or expense sufered or incurrd by the
Sub-Contractor and the Servicer agrecs to hold harmless the Fund and the
Management Company from any Habilite that may derive direcly from such
subcontacting

(6) theterms of he appointment of the Servicer (including the represetaions, warrantis
and underakings) shall apply to the Sub-contractor to the extent of he tasks and!
dias delegated:

(d) the Servicr shall ensure that any Sub-Contractor will perform ls services and duties

vt he aproprate care aná level of dilgence; and

(e) itstall motas any additional costs or expenses for the Fund.

Any sacontacting vil be subject toi prior pproval o he CNMV, if legally necessary.
3726. Priority Allocation Rule

1 at any time and for any reason whatsoever, in respect of a Credit Card Agreement from
which arise any Purchased Reccivable(s), the Seller is sull the owner of any outstanding
receivablels) under such Credit Card Agreement which are not Purchased Reccivables (he
Non-Purchased Reccivables and together with the Purchased Reccivabls arising from the
same Credit Card Agreement, ths Common Receivables), ho Seler and hc Fund vil have a
joint ownership sight on any payments mode by the relevant Borrower wilh respeto such
Credit Card Agreement

Tao Servicer and th Fund refer o the terms and conditions set out in section 3.3.1.6 of the
Additional Building Block in relation to the Common Reccivables and both the Servicer and
lie Fund are bound by such terms and condiions which shall apply betwcen them. ln
anicular and without Kimitaion, the Servicer undonakes to transfer in priority any and all
amounis received in relation to Common Reccivables including any Insurance
Indemificatios received from th Insurance Companies) t the Fund, and waives any rights
o reta or to retransfcr any such amownis paid by a Borrower or an Insurance Company
¡Such amounts shall constitute Available Collections.

3727. — Transfer of Coll

(a) Nature of hc amownis creited on the Collections Account

Th Servicer has agrecd and acknowiedged that the Collections Accosnt sball be
exclusively credied with the collections received or paid in relation to the Purchased!
Reccivable, being specified hat for any reason whatsocver

En


0)

(o

(6) a payment by a Borrower under a Purchased Reccivable is credited 10 am
“account che than a Colletions Account, the Servicer shall promply take
any step or action so that the relevant amownt is credited to the Collections
Account (or directly o the Treasury Accoun) as soon as posible;

Gi) if any otr amount has been crroncowsly credied to a Collections Account
and such amount is mot an Available Collection. Ahe Servicer or, as
applicable, the Management Company, shall be cmillcd to debit the
Collections Account in accordance with and subject to sections (d) and (e)
below.

Pledge over the Collections Accounts

The Servicer has undensken to creste, acting as pledgor and puesuant to the
Collections Accounts Security Document, a fis rank in rem right of pledge over lis
sight in respct of all sums due o the Fund and deposited from time to time in th
Collections Accounts (including the interest accrucd from timo to lime on such
amownis) and sil claims and nights of the Servicer arising under the Collections
Accounis Bank Agreement, in favour of 1he Fund as security for all Secured
Ob

¡Such right of pledge created under the Collections Accounts Security Document shal
be (i) preserved and kept by the Servicer while the Secured Obligations are not
completly discharged andíor satisfied and also (i) duly amended, extended or
ratiied, as Mhe case may be, in case that the Collections Accounts and/or the
Collections Accounts Bank Agreement are in any manner amended e substitute,

Credit of the payments onto the Collections Account

The Servicer shall in a timely manner collect, transfer and credit, dicctly or
indirccly, 19 the Collections Account al amounts received in respect oP all Purchased
Reccivables, provided that the Servicerhas undertaken vis-ivis the Fund:

6) that amount (including th Intalments) paid by Borrowers by direct debi
in respect of the corresponding Purchased Reccivables shall be directly
eredited o the Collections Account without transiing va any oxher account
af the Server: and

(Gi) to tanster promply to the Collections Account and in any case within two!
(2) Business Days alter reccipt, any ber amoonts which are paid by using
her methods of payment than direct debits on an account of th Servicer
her than the Collctions Account in respect of the Purchased Reccivables
(provided that such amounts are reccived within banking hours on a Business
Day, olterwise, om the next Busines Day)


(d) — Debitofthe Collections Account and credit of the Treasury Account

6) The Servicer and the Management Compuny (in respect of the debi
insructions wbich they are respectively cnútcd to give pursuumt to his
section) undenakos to use wire transfers between accounts only as means of
payment for debit of the Collections Account

(io As long as the Collections Account Bank has not received a Stop Instruction
Notice from the Management Company:

(A) the Servcer shall be entiled to insruct the Collections Account
Bank to camy 0ut the relevant credit instructions of the amounts

payable by he Borrowers under he Credit Card Agreement;

(8) the Service shall give, on cach Business Day (no later than 2pmn
any necessary instructions to Ahe Collections Account Bank to
ensure tt the Available Collections standing to the credit of the
Collections Account are wired on the immediately following
Basiness Day to tc credit of Treasury Account: and

(C) the Management Company shall not be cntiled to give any debit or
credit instruction to the Collections Account Bank

(ii) Imumediatey upon receipt by the Collections Account Bank (with copy to the
Services) ola Stop Instruction Notice from hc Management Company;

(A) Subjecto (B) below the Servicer shall no longer be enild o give
insrucions to the Collections Account Bank in respect of the
Collections Account:

(8) — the Servicer shall remain entild to instrct the Collections Account
Bank to camy out the relevant credit instructions of the amounts

payable by he Borrowers under he Credit Card Agreement

(C) any automatic transfer ( any) of the credit balance of the
Collections Account to the credit of the Treasury Accont put in
place at request o he Servir shall be discontinued;

(D) subject to (B) above, the Collections Account will be operated by
the Management Company only (and/or by any person designated
by he Management Company).

(E) the Management Company (andíor by any person designated by the
Management Company) shall instruct the Collections Account Bank
to automatically transfer to the Treasury Account the credit balance
of the Collections Account as well as any funds reccived daily

2


create as from the stat of the Stop Instruction Notice until a
Release Notice is served. For these purposes

Rejected Payments means th rejected payments with respect to unpaid
hc orrejected dirt debit.

(1) Emmmediatey upon receipt by the Collections Accounts Bank and the Servicer
of a Release Notice delivered by the Management Company:

(A) the Servicer shall be again authorsed to opere the Collections
Account by giving credit and debit instructions to the Collections
Account Bank and

(8) — any automatic transfer ( any) of the credit balance of the
Collections Account to the credit uf the Treasury Accosnt put in
place at the request of the Service and discontinued in accordance
vih the above hal be resume

It being specific tt the delivery of Release Notice is without projudic of
Ale sig or the Management Company lo send fuer Stop Instruction
Notices

(0) Nodebitbalance

(A) Any Collections Account Bank has undertaken by signing the
Operation Instructions Leter bat it shall mot exccute debit
instructions from the Servicer or in case a Stop Insuction Notice
has been delivered to the Collections Accoum Bank, the
Management Company) resulting in he Collections Account baving
a debit balance, except de to 1h debit oa Rejeted Payment

(8) Such debi instruction vil e automatically postponed in whole or
in part un
suficint to allow such debit instruction to be performed.

the credit balance of the Collections Account is

For these purposes, Operation Instructions Letter means the
úperaions instructions ler included in the Col
Security Document

ctions Accounts

(e) Debitoftbe Collections Account of sums which ac not Available Collections

(6) The Collections Account muy be erroncously credied with sum as result
of

(A) ameror made by the Servicr in the allocation of such sum
(8) — atechmical ror mude by the Collections Account Bank;

ES


0)

0)

5)

0)

0)

an eror of payment made by the Borrowers of such sums;

a payment reccived by the Servicer from the Borrower under a
Purchased Receivabl and another recivable; or

th reccit of direct debit or internal transter including any amount
collected by the Servicer and. which are not part of Available
Collections.

Following the deliveey of a Stop Instruction Notice and for so long as no.
Release Notice has been duly delivered to the Collections Account Bank, the
Servicer shall determine and idemify 1hose amounis credited to the
Colistions Account which ac not Available Collections.

Those amount credited to the Collections Account which are not Available
Collections (even if such sums have been already transfored to the Treasury
Account) shall be debied by:

1)

0

prior 10 the delivery of a Stop Instruction Notice or following the
delivery of a Release Notice (and for so long as no new Stop
Instruction Notice has bcen duly delivered to the Collections
Account Bank and the Servicer), the Servicr; or

following th delivery of a Stop Instruction Notice and for so Jong
as mo Release Notice has been duly delivered to he Collections
“Account Bank ad the Servicer, ho Management Company. ln such

(1) diring cach Collection Period, and upon recciving (3) the
relevant instructions from the Servicer and (i, if so
requested by the Management Company, a duly filledwin FT
file documenting such amounts to evidence that the relevant
amownis are not Available Collections, the Management
Company vil instuct the Issuer Accounts Bank to transfer
from the Treasury Account such amouns which are not
Avslable Collections to the account indicated by the
Servicen:

(UD Nowwvithstanding paragraph (1) above, the Management
Company sball entidd to refuse to eflet such transfer in
case of ()flure on the part of he Servicr o provide such

ile upon the Management Request or

“and calcultions provided by the Servicer do not coincide

vit that ol the Management Company, without prejudico of

his right to claim the relevant Conected. Available

Collections

tb information

EN


0

5)

0)

Rejectod Payments

Tas Collections Account shall be debited of the umpaid amount resulting rom
Rejected Payments. The relevant Collections Account Bank shall be entitled to debit
such sums from the applicable Collections Account, even if such debit or reverse
suse he Collections Accounts to he a debi balance.

Procedure upon replacement of the Services

Upon the occurrence of the Servicer Termination Exent in accordance with section
372.13 below as soon as reasonably practicable:

(6) the Borrowers and the Insurance Companic shall be notiicd to make all
payments in relation to the Purchascd Reccivables or the: Insurance
Indemificatins, as applicable, directly om the Treasury Account

(the Management Company shall inform the Collections Account Bank: of the
ccurtence of any Servicer Termination Exent and of the consequential
hanges to the operation of the Collections Account in accordance with the
Collections Accounts Security Document;

(Gi) upon the termination of he appoimiment of the Service, Ahe Servicer
vndeniakes lo immediately ccase sending to the Borowers direct debit
requests in respec of the Purchascd Rescivables and such direct debit shall
e cancelled and th Service shall cooperate with the Management Company
(or any party designated by it such as the Replacement Servicer) in order to
enable it to stat sending to the Borrowers direct debit requests in respect
lc Purchased Reccivables.

3728.

The Servicer shall ensure that cach Collections Accounts Bank is a all times am
Etigble Institution. Should any of the Collections Account Bank ccase to be an
Etigible Insiution an Eligible Institution Replacement Event (as defined below) shall
occur with the effects st out in paragraph (b) below

Eligible Institution means a depositry institution organised under the laws of any
state which isa member of the European Union which complics with (1) ho Account
Bank Required Ratings with respect to the Isuer Accounts Bank and (li) with the
Collections Account Bank Required Ratings with espect to the Collections Account
Bank, nd is authorisd to take deposit in Spain.

Collections Account Bank Required Ratings means in respect of any entity the
ratings at last equal o:


6) apublicrating of at cast BBB (senor long tem) by DBRS; or

Go E-S by Fitch with respect to the shorticrm lssucr Default Rating (IDR) of
such entity or BBB- by Fith with respet to he long-tcrm Issuer Default
Rating (IDR) of such entity; or

(Gi) P-2 by Moody's with respecto the shortterm unsecured, unsubordinated and!
'unguarantecd debtobligtions of such entity or

(Y) amy applicable ratings specified in the last Prospectos Supplement in relation.
to a Note Series rated by SP, such oler debt rating as determined to be
applicable or agree by cach Relevant Rating Agency from time to time and
specified in the last Prospectos Supplement

(b) Upon the Servicr becoming aware of that a Collections Account Bank has ceased to
be an EligibleIntituion (the Eligible Institution Replacement Event) the Services

sal

6) promply notify the Management Company he occurtence of such
«ircumstance and

(io withimabirty 30) calendar days:

(A) appoint a replacing Collections Account Bank which is an Eligible
Institution; and

(8) grant a pledge over the new collections accounts opened with the
seplacing Collections Accosnt Bank where collection derivd from
the elevant Parchased Roscivables ae credit,

(<) — Furier o the above, upon the occurrence of Eligible Institution Replacement Event
ie Servicer and the Management Company shall collaborte to ensure that mo.
disruption an the transfer of the collections from the Purchased Reccivables occurs.

(d) — Alle costs incurred in the replacement of Collections Account Bank casing o he
an Eliible Institution shall be paid by the Server. The replacement cost paid by the
¡Services will not be set of against th Fund,

3723. Contractual Documents and files

The Seller shall ensure the safekocping of the Contractual Documents relstng to the
Purchased Reccivables and make available to the Servicer all such Contractual Documents
he Servicer may require in accordance wi section 33.1.7 of the Adáitional Building Block

2%


312.10. . Management of the files
(a) Monthly Servicer Repost

Tas Servicer shall provide the Management Company with the Momhiy Servicer
Report on cach Monhly Reporting Date before 10:00 am CET

The Monthly Servicer Report wil detail on 4 Joan-by-loam basis al cash ws related
to the Purchuascd Reccivables during the previous Collection Period. lt will include,
inter lí, th following information as of relevant Cut-O4f Date in relation o cach
Credit Card Agreement: () the applicable Instalment;() the Outstanding Principal
Balance; (i) the applicable interest ate (lv) he aggregato amount of any unpaid

Instalments in rlaion o any Credit Card Agreement; (v) he amount collected in the
preceding Collection Period and (vi) information for the preparation of the
«tratificaion tables ehh will be included in he Investor Report

Every Quarter on January, April, July and October the Monthly Servicer Report will
e accompanicd with 1h Encrypted Data File with espect to th relevant detils of
e Borrowers

The Servicer shall use reasonable commercial endeavors to ensure that the
Management Company is provided with Loan-level data in order for he Management
Company to be able to prepare and upload loan-level data complying with th Jomn-
level requirements defined by the European Contal Bank for Earosystem Eligible
Collateral at the required frequency on th website of he European Data Warehouse
for so long as such requirement is efectivo and to the extent that it has such
information available.

(6) — Daily Payments Report

The Servicer shall provide the Management Company with the Daily Payments
Report on cach Business Day.

(6) Backup Copies

"he Servicer shall retain back up copics of all Monthly Servicer Reports and, as soon
as reasonably practicable upon receipt ol written request Lo hat effect, provide o.
he Management Company, wilh such backup copies of the Monthly Servicer
Report

For ose purposes

Instalment means with respect to cach Credit Card Agreement and on any Instalment Due.

Date, the scheduled and unscheduled in case of any prepaymen or amicable recovery which

are paid by he relevant Borrower o the Seller with a direct debit on the bass of a mutual
agreement betcen the Seller and such Borrower) amount of principal and interest due and

7


payable (which is a least equal 1o the Monihly Interest Determination Date Minimum
Tnstalment) on such date, n accordance with the terms of the Credit Card Agreement

Instalment Due Date means, vit respect to cach Credit Card Agrcement, he monthly date
as agreed Between the Seller or the Service, us he case may be, and the Borrower from time
o time, on which payment o principal and interest is due and payable

372.11. Information
(a) Accessto Information

"he Servicer shall, at ts on ost and expense, and subject recipt of reasonable
prior wriuen notice lo ihat cfíect, permit le Management Company or any
professional agent appointed by át at all reasonsble times, during normal business
hours and without significantly disturbing the activity of th Servir:

6) to access premises to verify, audit and inspt (x) all information, systems,
procedures (including, without limiuion, the Servicing Policis), records
including, without limitaion, computer records and books of records),
books, accounts and the files maintained by úl, relating to the Purchased
Reccivables andor (y) any systems or procedures put in place or maintained!
hoy the Servicer for the purposes of complying with its obligations;

Gi) to inspect the electronic systems used by the Servicer, which, in the
reasonable opinion f he Management Company or any person appoimted by
in. sbal enable:

(A) the performance by the Servicer ol s undertakings; and

(8) — am appropriate identification and individualisasion of al! Purchased!
Reccivable; and

(C) — he Servicer to provide the Management Company with any
information whatever which its ente 1o receive; and!

(Gi) to ak such oler steps from timo to time as they reasonably think: it for th
purposes of veriying or oblaining any information concerning any of the
Purchased Reccivables and o discuss any matters reli t0 such Purchascd
Reccivables with any of the offcers, employces or agent, including the
“auditor, ofhe Servicer which have knowledge of such matters

in cuch cas provided that

6) he above shall be cfíected in terms which do not constitute a breach of
applicable data protection regulations;

ES


0)

(o

(io the Servcer is cntiled not Lo disclose th parts of the documents hat ll in
good faith considers (A) as commercial sensitive information, (8) the
disclosure of which may resultinbresch of applicable laws nd regulations or
(C) as not sricly relevant for the purpose of the Management Company
reserving or excrcising ts rights under the Purchased Roccivables and

(Gi) mot more ta on (1) audit cach year may be carried cut by the Management
Company, unless Service is in breach of any of ts obligation hercunder.

Aiditional Information

Tas Servicer hall provide the Management Company vit sl! information that may
casonably be requested by it in restion 10 Mhe Purchased Reccivables or that the
Management Company may reasonably decm necessary in order to fall os
bligations, but only if such information is requested (a) in order to cnable the
Management Company to preserve r exercise the rights of the Notcholders or other
Fund creditos, (b) in order to enable the Management Company to perform ls legal
“and contractual dutics, () following a request from the Relevant Rating Agencies or
(dl) in the context of he liquidation of th Fund following the occurrence of a Fund!
Liquidation Event

Personal Data reli to Purchased Reccivables

0)

Full (and to ensure that any affected subcontacios ful
legal obligations in force in data protection matters, to
paniculaly include those establihcd in Organic Act 15/1999, of 13
December, on Personal Information Protection (Ley Orgánica 15/1999 de 13
de diciembre, de Protección de Datos de Carácter Personal), holding the
Fund harmless from any loss and domago that may arise from a breach of
such obligations

(io The Service (or any other delegats or Sub-Contracis of the Servicer (il
any) shall deliver to the Management Company on th Fund Incorporation
Date, and thercaftr quanery on January, April, July and October with cah
Monthly Reporting Date, through an electronic transfer, ho Enceypied Data
File containing the data in respec of (each Borrower or cach Purchased
Reccivablesidentificd in the latest Sale Offer and (1) cach Borrower of an
outstanding Purchased Reccivable (including for cach Purchased Reccivable,
lic name, postal address, identification number of th relevant Credit Card
Agreements and contact deis of relevant Borrowers) held by the Seller
(as origintor of the Purchascd Reccivables) and considered as personal data
“under the Spanish applicable laws and regulations elsing to data protection.
The Management Company shall ksep the Encrypied Data File in safe
custody and protect it against unaunhorised access by any third paris but
vil not be able to access the data without its decoding key

»


0)

0)

(o

(Gi) — In addition, the Servicer or any other delegates or Sub-Contactors o the
Servicer(iany)) shall deliver to the Noary, on the Fund Incorporation Date
and tbercafier on cach date when such decoding key is amendod, the
coding key, which will be depositd in notarial deed of deposit (aca de
depósito) os through any other means agrecd by the Management Company
“and the Notary from time to time.

"hc Notary shall

(A) hold in deposit the decoding Key which shall be required to deceypt
th information contined in any Encrypted Data Fi: and.

(8) — carelully safeguard cach decoding key and protect it from
vnauthorised access by third patcs and sall not use the decoding
Key forits own purposes.

The Notary shall only disclose the decoding key to the Management
Company upon request by the Management Company following the
ccunence of the events forescen in Soction 3.13 of the Addiional Building
Block.

(av) The Servicer and the Management Company may amend the provision and!
procedures forescen regarding personal data if necessary or advisble to
omply with Spanish ata protection bligations from time to time.

372.12. Renegotiations, Waivers or Arrangements affecting the: Purchascd

Reccivables
Introduction

Tas Servicer may amend the terms of any af the Purchased Reccivablessubjeet to
“nd in accordance vih this section 37.2,122.

Seller Diitions
The Seller has undentaken o pay to the Fund all Seller Dilions with respect to any
Purchased Reccivable relaing to Performing Credit Cards only in accordance with
hc provisions of section 33.1.10 of the Additional Building Block.

Renegotstions, Walvers or Arrangements affecting the Purchased Reccivables

"he Servicer shall be end o agrec to any termination, amendients or variation,
which by way of written agreement and exercise any right of termination or wave,

in relation to the Purchased Reccivables if such amendmnt, variation, termination or
vwaiveris in accordance with the terms of the Sevicing Policies

00


0)

0)

0)

Nowwitkstanding the foregoing, if he clfect of any such amendment, variation,
termination ar walver results in a wrte-0ff or the forgiveness of whole or part of any
Outstanding Principal Balance of a Purchased Reccivabl relaing to a Performing.
Credit Card, the Servicor cannot agrec to any such amendment, variation, termination
or waiver exce if

6) at the clection of the Seller, ciher the Seller repurchases the relevant
Purchased Reccivable in accordance with the provisins ín section 3..1.10
(c) of the Additional Building Block or, alterntively, such write-off or
forgiveness is fully miigated by the payment of the corresponding Seller
Dilutions by the Seller; and.

(io the Seller and the Service are the same emtity
reach of Undertakings and Remedies

ln the event that the Seller or the Servicer waives ar rencgotiats the terms of any
Purchascd Reccivables in breach of the undentakings given by itself in its capacity as
Seller or Service, s applicable hen the provisions of paragraph (4) o section 3.1.10
of the Additional Building Block shall apply.

372.13. Remunerations
Servicer Fee.

In consideraion for 1h services provided by the Servicer wilh respect to the
outstanding Purchased Reccivables (or any other delegates or sub-contractrs of the
Servicer(iany) o he Fund, the Fund shall pay o the Servicer a fee qual o L.6%
per ammm (exclusive of VAT) af the Outstanding Principal Balances of he Credit
Cards serviced by the Sorvicer and calculated by the Management Company at the
beginning of the relevant Collection Period (te Servicer Fee).

Tas Servicer Fee shall be paid in arcars on cach Payment Date in accordance wit
“and subject o the applicable Priority ol Payments

Costs and Expenses

The Servicer shall not be entiled to reimbursement by the Fund of any cost, claim,
habiles o ohr expenses incured or sufered by tin relation o the performance af
its obligations.


0)

372.14. Servicer Termination Events — Termination of appointment —

Services Termination Events

Witkin sixty (60) calendar days afer the occurrence of Servicer Termination Event,
he Management Company sball terminate the appoiniment of Ahe Servicer and!
appoint a replacement servicer in accordance with paragraph (c) below. (the
Replacement Service). Until such moment, the Service shall continue providing
ie relevant services as services provider. This should be understood without
rejudice to the condition of Master Servicer of the Management Company puesuant
to article 26.1 b) of Law S/2015. For these purposes, Servicer Termination Events
means any of th following event

Lo Breschof Obligaions
“Any breach by the Servicerot:

6) amy ofits material non-monctary obligations (other han the filue o provide
le Monthly Servicer Report to the Management Company) under any
Programme Document to which its a paty (except if the breach is due to
force mejeure) and such breach is not remedicd by the Service wihin ten
(10) Business Days (or within fificen (15) Business Daysi th breach is due
o technical reasons) after he calir of he date on which is aware of such
reach andfor receipt of notification in writing to the Server by the
Management Company to remedy such breach; ar

(Gi) amy failure to transfer monies to he Treasury Account on the Business Day.
following the date on which such monies ar reccived hy the Seller and such
failure is not remedied by the Servicer within five (5) Business Days añer the
caricr of Ahe date on which it is aware of such breach and/or reccipt of
potificaion in writing to the Servicer by the Management Company to
emy such breach or

(Gi) subject 10 (3) above, any of ts monctary obligations when due under any
Programme Document to which it s a party (except the breach is due to
force majeure) and such breach is not remedied by the Servicer wilhin five
(5) Business Days (or within ten (10) Business Days if he breach is due to
technical reasons) after he carlicr of ho date on which it is aware of such
reach anifor receipt of notification in witing to the Servicer by the
Management Company to remedy such breach:

(1) amy of the representations or warratics mado or given by ho Servicer under
any Programme Document to wbich it ás a pary or in any certifica
delivered pursuant to the Programme Documents to which is a party ás
mateialy false or incorect ín any material respect and, where such.

30


mateially false o incorrect representstion or warranty cun be corected or
remedied by the Service, is not corected or remedied by the Servicer within
ten (10) Business Days (or within fico (15) Business Days if the breach is
dueto technical reasons) after the carlir of the date om which ts aware of
such misrepresentstion and/or xecipt of notification in writing to he Servicer
by the Management Company to remedy such material false or incorrect
represento or warranty

2. Momhly Services Reports

The Servicor has not provided the Management Company with the Monbly Servicor
Report on two consecutivo Monthly Reporting Dates and such breach is not remedicd
within five (5) Business Day (or (within ten (10) Business Days if he breach s due to
force majeure or due 10 technical reasons) following the second Monhly Reporting
Date.

3 Insolveney
Any obte following events occur in espect of the Servicer:

(6) The Service is unable o scmits inabiiy to pay ts debas as they fs
suspends making payments on any of as debts or by reason of actual or
anticipated financial diíficlis, commences negotstions with one or more
fits creditors wáth a view to reschedaling any ol ts indebtedness.

dee,

(io Except s provided telow, any corporate action, legal procecdings or olher
procedure or step taken in relation to:

(A) a declartion of insolvency (concurso), winding up, intervention,
disolusio, administration or reorganiation (by way of voluntary
arangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of the Servicer

(8) the appointment of a liquidaor, administrator (judicial or otherwise)
compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of the
Servicer or any of ts assets

(C) the revocation, wihdrawal or suspension by the Bank of Spain of
the license of ihe Servicer or the taking of any disciplinar.
resolution, recaptaliation or recovery action against he Servicer
pursuant to legisation implementing Directivo 2014/59/EU of the
Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, in any juridiction
which has a material negative efect on hs ability of the Servicr to
pertorm its obligtions under any Programme Document; or

(D) — any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdiction,
provided however that no Servicer Termination Event wosld have

05


0)

occurred if any petition is fivolous or vexaious and is dischrged,
stayed or dismissed within 30 days of commencement

4 Megaliy

At any time (1) its or becomes unlawfal for such Servicer to perform or comply wit
any or all of its material obligaions under the Servicing Agreement or (ió) any or all
df ls material obligations under the Servicing Agreement are mol, or ccase to be,
legal, valid and binding (including as result of any act, omission, failure, default or
misconduct of he Servicer) and no appropriate solution are found within iy (30)
calendar days between the Management Company and the Servicr o remedy such
¿llegaliy,invalidity or unenforccabiit

Cond

1: fora Replacement Servicer
An entity may be appoined as Replacemen Service ony

6) ik has experience adminitering reccivables reasomably similar to the
Purchased Reccivables being administerd by the Senvicer in Spain or is able
o demsonstrat that it bas the capabiiy to administerreccivables reasonably
similar to the Purchasod Reccivables being administred by Ahe Servicer in
Spas

(io iv is willing to enter imo an agreement with the parts to 1h Servicing
Agreement (other ihan WIZINK in lis capacity as the Servicer) which
provides for the Replacement Servcor to be remuncrated at such a rate as ds
agrecd by the Management Company but which docs not exceed he ate then
commonly charged by providers ol servicing services and requirod to be
provided by the Servicer and is otherwise on substamtially th same terms as
lose af the Servicing Agreement:

(Gi) it has obtained and maintins in efect all authorisations, appeovals licences
“and consens required in connection with he Services.

(1) it has suffciont resources for the proper performance by it af the Services:
and

(0) the Relevant Rating Agencies ac notificd of such identification and intended!
Appointment and Uhey do not wilhdraw or downgrade the ratings then
assigned by to them on he hn outstanding Notes

The Management Company vil ensure that th process of scach and sppointment of
ie Replacement Servicr (as services provider) is open and competitive, and will
take into account, amongs! oxhers, the bove-mentioned factors in order to ensure that
hc Replacement Servicers suitable and competent and abl to perform the sevicing
fanetions in adiligens,eficient manner. This should bo understood withost predice

30.


(o

0)

o Ae condition of Master Servicer of the Management Company pus to aricle
26. b) of Law S2015.

Appointment of Replacement Servicer

Tas Replacement Servicer shall be appointed by the Management Company by th
entry of the Replacement Service and the Management Company into replacement
serving agreement substatiall in the same terms as the Sevicing Agreement

Tas replacement sevicing agreement should contain th terms snd conditions of th
migration of the personal data from the Servicer to the Replacement Servicer
including the delivery of all the documentation, record, data files and databases
related to the Reccivables and necessary fora proper sericing.

Tas termination of te sppointment af the Services will become effective as soon as
he Replacement Servicer being appointed has cffetively accepted to start camping.
ut ts duties. Until such moment, hc Servicer shall continue providing the relevant
services (as services provider). This should be understood without prejudice to the
condition of Master Servicer of the Management Company pursuant to rice 26.1)
of Law 2015,

The failure to replace the Servicer by a Replacement Servicer within sixty (60)
calendar days ater the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event shall conste a
Revolving Termination Event.

Backup servir fa

Without prejudice to the condition of Master Service of the Management Company
pursuant to article 26.1 b) of Law S/2015, upon the occurrence of a Servicer
Termination Event, he Management Company will carry out any actions required to
Find, select and appoint a Replacement Service (also as services provider), The
Management Company will make ts best cfors to find a Replacement Servicer
within sixty (60) calendar days from the date of the relevant Servicer Termination
Event

The Management Company vil ensure that the process of scarch and sppointment of
le Replacement Servicer is open and competitivo, and will take ino account
“amongstathrs the following factors in order o ensure that he Replacement Servicer
is suítable and competen and able to perform the servicing functions in a diliget,
efficient manner:

6) ik has experience adminitering reccivables reasonably similar o the
Purctased Reccivables being administered by the Senvicer in Spain or is able
o demsonstrat that it bas the capabily to administerreccivables reasonably
similar to the Purchasod Reccivables being administered by Ahe Servicer in
Spas


(io iv is willing to enter imo an agreement with the parts to 1h Servicing
Agreement (other ihan WIZINK in lis capacity as the Services) which
provides for the Replacement Servcor to be remuncrated at such a rate as ds
agreed by the Management Company but which docs not excced te ate then
commonly charged by providers ol servicing services and requirod to be
provided by the Servicer and is otherwise on substamtially the same terms as
lose af the Servicing Agreement:

(Gi) it has obtained and maintlns in effect all authorisations, appeovals, licences
“and consens required in connection with Services; and

(1) its sufficent reses for the proper performance by tofthe Services.

Once the most appropriate Replacement Servicer has been selected, he formal
“ppoiniment must take place in accordance with the provision in paragraph c above.

Tas replacement servicing agreement should also contain th terms and conditions of
hi migration of the personal data from the Servier to the Replacement Servicer,
including the delivery of all the documentation, records, data files and databases
related to the Reccivables and necessary fora proper sericing.

(6) — Transterof monies

Upon the effective removal of Uhe Servicer, il the retiring Servicer receives any
money aising from the Parchased Reccivables or otherwise, which money belongs to
e Fand or is o be paid to the Fund or ohervis, it will hold such money to the
order and for the benefit of the Fund and will as soon as practicable upon reccipt
Aereo and in any case within one (1) Business Day transfer the same to the Fund in
lie Treasury Account. This obligaion shall be comtinung for th rtring Service.

(0 Feos

Upon effectiveness of the tcrmination of the appointment of the Service by the
Management Company, th Servicer shall be emiled to reccive the part of the
¡Servicer Fee accrued up to such date but it shall not be eniled o any other or furor
cimbursement or compensation. The sums so owed to the Service shall e paid by
le Fund on the dates on which they sould otherwise have been payable should no.
termination had occurred.

Tas costs and expenses rlated to Abe process of appointment of the Replacement
Servicer (ut, for the avoidance of doubt, not th remuncration of the Replacement
¡Servicer) shall o borne by th rtiring Server, which shall not be ente 10 seso
such amount with any amounts due by the Fund to the Servicer, Notwithstanding this
in order to avoid any delas, the Management Company, at the expense of the Fund,
may advance amy such costs and expenses and request subsequenly their
rcimbursement by the rotiring Servier.

06


5)

373.

0)

Return of Records

Upon terminatio of he appointment of the Servicer by the Management Company.
le Servicer shall, at ts own cost and expenses

6) assoom as reasomably practicable, provide the Replacement Servicer with th
information reasonably required in order to efectively transfer the sevicing.
functions relating to the Purchased Reccivables and to ensure, namely the
continued performance of lhe Priority of Payments and in particular, the
payment of principal and interest dueto the Notebolders:

(io as soon as reasomably practicable, deliver and make available to the
Management Company (or any person appointed by i) the files delivered to
it by the Seller (df dffcrot from the Server), copics of all records
including, without limitation, computer records and books of records),
smrespondence and documents in its possssion r under ts control elaing
10 Ae relevant Purchased Reccivables and any sums and oler assets, if any
hicn held by the Service on behalf hc Management Company:

Tac Servicer shall exccute such documents and take such actions as the
Management Company may reasonably require for the purpose of cnabling
tc Replacement Servicer to comply with its obligaions

(Gi) as soon as reasonably practicable, take such further action as the Management
Company (or any person appoined by lt) may reasonably require for the
reservation of the righs of the Fund on the Available Collections to be
eredited om he Treasury Account: and.

(Y) permit the Management Company to accede to, and at reasonable times.
during business hours, any relevant information with respest o the Sevicer
«alletion and servicing procedures relating to Uh Purchascd Reccivables

Noti

ication o the Borrowers and Insurance Companies

The Bomowers and the Insurance Companies hall be notiicd of the transfer of th
Porchased Reccivables as soon as practicable:

6 pon the occurrence of the Servicer Terminaton Event
(Gi) in any oler circumstances where the Servicer, with the prior consent of the
Management Company, considers such notification necessary or desiable for

hc maximisation of Ahe recoveries under the Reccivables a the Insurance
Indermificaons.

30


(b) — In any of he scenarios described above, the Management Company shall bo entitled

19 request the Notary to provide the decoding key of the Encrypted Data File in order
to be able to access lo the data includod here.
(<) — The Management Company shall be eniled to notly or cause to be notified) the

Borrowers and the Insurance Companics to make all payments in relacion to the
Parchased Reccivables or the Insurance Indemnificaions, as applicable, directly
the Treasury Account or on any other Funds substitute bank account held and
operated by any authorised credit institution having the Accounts Bank Required
Ratings in the event of the substitution and replacement of he Issucr Accounts Bank:
pursuantto the terms st out in section 34.5 of he Additional Building Block.

(d) — Any costs and expenses rising from the notification of he transfer of o Purchased
Receivables upon the oscurrence of a Servicer Termination Event shal! be borne by
be retring Sevicer. Nowwithstanding bis, in order to avoid any delays, the
Management Company, at he expense of the Fund, may advance any such costs and
expenses and request subsequenly ir eimbursement by th retring Service.

Regarding such costs and expenses arisin from he notification of the transfer of the
Purchased Receivables according to paragraph (9) above, hy shall be borne by the
Fund.

(£) — Inadáition, if and when th Servicer is requested to confirm or stat the capacity in
which ts administring and servicing the Purchased Reccivables and related matters
by any Borrower or any tbird pary (including a Spanish coun) and to whom the
Servicer is obligod by law to dscloso such information, the Servicer shall confirm or
stato hat át is acting in ts capacity as servicer of the Purchascd Reccivables and!
related mates as agent for and on behalf the Fund and not on ts ox behalf

(0 Pursuamt 10 articles 1,527 and 1,198 of the Civil Code, until Ihe moment of
otfication to the Borrowers and/or the Insurance Companis, as applicable, (hey
will be discharged of their payment obligations by paying the Sellr, and () the
Borrowers andíor the Insurance Companies, as applicable, will have the right to se
tf against ho Sellr their payment obligations existing before the transfer and those:
which came into existence aftr the transer until the dat they were notifica. If notice
fe trnster ás served on the Borrower and/or the Insurance Company and any of
them opposes to th transfer, hn the Borrower and/or he Insurance Company, as
applicable, will only keep th right to ct off payment obligaions existing before the
ote but not those which are posterior.

38. — Name, address and brief description of amy swap, credit, liquid
transaction comnterparty

"hc Hedging Counerparytics) under the corresponding Hedging Agreement entered into by
Ac Fund in respec of any Note Series and thir corporate details shall be specificd in the
“applicable Issuing Document prepared in relation t0 such Notes Series

0%


WIZINK BANK, S.A. intervenes as Expenses Subordinated Faciliy Provider, Commingling
Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider, General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider and
Seller Interest Faciliy Provide.

BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. inervenes s Issuer Accounts Bank and Paying Agent

Details of he fall name, address and brief description of the above entitis is included in
section $2 of he Registration Document

4.. POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION

4. Indication ol whether or not itintends to pro
regarding securitic to be admitted to trading und the performance of the underlying.
collateral. Where the issuer has indicated that it intends to report such information,
specification of what information will be reported, where such information can be
obtained and he frequeney with which such information il e reported

Tas information proposed to be provided after the Fund Incorporation Date of the Fund ás
described below.

ALL. Issue, verification and approval of amnual financial statements and other
accounting documentation f the Fund!

For he financial year 2017 and tercafer, the annual report refrred in anicle 35.1 of Law
5/2015 containing, among others, hc annual financial statements (balance het, profit 4 loss
“account and Management Repori) and audit report of the Fund shall be submitted to the
CNMV within four (4) months o he close of cach fiscal year

Additionally. according to article 35.3 of Law 5/2015, ho Management Company will present
he Pund's quarery financial statements to the CNMV within two (2) months of he end of
act calendar quartr

For these purposes, Management Report mcans the management report prepared by the
Management Company.

4.12. Obligations and periods envisaged for making periodic information on the
financial and sconomie of the Fund available to the public and the
CNMV

The Management Company shall submit quancely to the CNMV the intrim financial
information of the Fund, in the terms and formats rescribed y Circular 2/2016.

0


413. Other ordinary and extraordinary disclosure obligations and material disclosure
requirements

4

3. Ordinary periodic notification

The Management Company shall make available two (2) Business Days prior to cach
Payment Date the detailed imvestor report (Investor Report) on the basis of the last
information reccivd from the Servier.

"hc Investor Report will provide the relevant information to investors (including the Note
Series Notcholders) including data with regard to the portolio of thc outstanding Purchased
Reccivables as well as thorelaed information wit regards o he payments to be made on th
following Payment Date under the Notes and an overview of the retention of the material net
economic interest by the Seller in compliance with article 40S of the CRR).

In addiion, the Fund, in light of the information provided by the relevant appointed lead
managers, shall diclose in the first Investor Report following the issuanos of a new Note
Series, the amount of Notes which are:

(a) retainedby the Seller
(0) placed with any invstor which is not the Seller;
Each Investor Report will contain a glossary of the defined terms uscd hieren.

Tas Investor Report will e communicated to the Notcholder as establish in section 4.113
below and also provided to the Paying Agent, and (where applicable), ALAF and
IBERCLEAR.

¡Once made availble, he information contained in cach Investor Report will remain available
von the dat th lat Not of te relevant Note Seres is redcemed in fal.

In addition, he Management Company shall provide in electronic form the Relevant Rating
Agencies with he data speclicd above relting to the Fund as may be agrecd between the
Management Company and the Relevant Rating Agencies from time to time and as may be.
equi

vd applicable Laws ad regulations

Funhermore, for so long as any Notes of any Notes Series remain outstanding during the
period between th Determination Date and the Payment Date (unless such date fall on a
Fank holiday in Madrid, in which case they will change to the following Business Days) and
at least one (1) calendar day in advance of cach Payment Date the Management Company
“underakes o provide the notice described below to ALAF and IBERCLEAR:

(a) the Interest Rate om the Notes of cach Notes Seris for he current Interest Period!

(0) — the repaymment of the principal of the Notes of cach Notes Seres for the current
Interest Period:

300


(6) the actual average prepayment rates of the Receivabls, as of the Determination Date
corresponding to the Payment Date in question:

(d) the average residual life of he Notes of cach Notes Series calculated puesuant to the
assumptions regarding such actual average prepayment rate;

(e) — the Outstanding Principal Balance of cach Note of cach Notes Series (after the
repayment to bo made on the Payment Date in question), and the percentage hat such
Oststanding Principal Balance represents of hc total initial face value of each None of
cach Notes eris

(0 the amount outstanding for matured prncipalntrest payments on the Notes of cach
Notes Serios
(8) the Interest Rates resulting for he Notes for the following Interest Period

In addition, as provided in scction 4.12 above, the Management Company shall submit
quanerly to the CNMV the imerim financial information of the Fund, in the terms and
Formats prescribe by Circular 2/2016, of the CNMV.

In addisin, his Base Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement and any Issuing Document in
espect to cach Notes Seres, the Ded of Incorporaion and any other public decds granted
subsequently and the annual and quartrly reports refered in aniclo 34 0 Law S/2015 may be
úonsulted on the website of he Management Company (twwxwimtitulizacioncom).

Tis notces vil be provided according to the provision of section 4.133 below.

4132 — Estraordinary notification

Tas following vil be subject to cxtraordinary notification to Noteholders

(a) Any amendment to the Deed of Incorporation. Such amendment will also be reported
to he Relevant Rating Agencios

(6) — the Management Company shall fortwith noti any particularly material event
alccting the Receivables and the Notes (including in hose casos forescen under
article 36 of Law $/2015). Paticlary material events for the Fund shall be deemed!
19 be those likely to have a material adverse effect on the Fund's ability to make:
payments om the Notes

In particular, any material change in the Deed of Incorporatin, as the case may Be,
any significa modification of the asscts or libilis of the Fund and in the event of
termination of the incorporation of he Fund or a possible decision for Early
Liquidation of the Fund and curly redemption for any of the reasons envsaged in the
present Base Prospectus would have the consideation of material event. In this case,
le decd (acta) of termination of the Fund and liquidation procedure followed as

an


efered to in section 44: of he Registration Document will be sent to the CNMV
“and the Relevant Rating Agencies.

4

33. Noteholders notification procedure.

Tas notifications hat the Management Company has to give to the Noteholders regarding the
Fund will o made as follows:

(a) — Ordinary notification

Ordinary notification will he made through publication of an announcement ciber

6) providedhat te Notes ar listed in ALAS, in the ALAF Daily Bulletin; and

(io provided that ho Notes are not listed, through Ah Management Company's
website (www.imtituizacion com).

In addiion, the Management Company or the Paying Agent can distribute this or
her information in the interests of Abe Noteholders through any other means
replacing those described above or with similar characteristics, or rough financial
market distribution chamels and systems such as Reuters, Bridge Telerate,
Bloomberg or any other vih similar characteristics

Funhicrmore,tbe Investor Report shall be mado available 1o the Noteholders on its
website (www. imtitulizacion.com) and/or rough any of the other procedures set out

ini section.

(0) — Estraordinary notifications

Provided that the Notes are listed in AJAE, Extraordinary notification will be made
through publication of an announcement in the ALAF Daily Bulletin, or in such other
as may replace ie or with similar characteristics, or through publication of am
announcement in a widely cirulated newspaper in Spain of ciher a general or
business and financial nature or the Management Company's Website
(ww. imuitalizacioncom), and, f applicable, through the fling of the appropriate
relevant fact (hecho relevame) at the CNMV, such notficaions cing deemed!
effective on th date of the abovementioned publication of announcement, which may.
fall om any day of he year whether a Business or Non-Business Day (as stipalated in
bis Base Prospecta).

(<) — Notifictions and other information
The Management Company may make notifications and other information of interes

available to the Notcholder, throw ts own Intenet pages or axhor means of remote
transmission vih similar characteristics

a


This Base Prospectus has been endorscd on cach and every page and signed in Madri, on behalf of
Ae Fund.

Mr. José Antonio Trujillo del Valle
Intermoney Titulización

3


SCHEDULE 1

GLOSSARY OF TERMS

** and “EUR” means the single curency introduced at the third stage of European
Economic and Monetary Union pursuam to the Trcay establihing the European
Commanitic

“Accelerated Priority of Payments” means th accelerated priority of payments set out in
section 34.72 0f the Adéiional Building Block.

“Accelerated Amortisation Events” means de Excnts described in section 313.

“Account Bank Required Ratings" mcans in respect of any entity hc ratings at last equal

(a) assuming the Relevant Rating Agency with respect to any Rated Notes of any Note
Series is DBIRS, a public rating of at least BBB (high) (senor long term) or A (low)
(long term critical obligaions rating) by DBRS or, in the absence ola public rating
at least two ote following ratings from two of he following rating agencis:

6) a sboretcrm rating of at least E2 and a longeterm rating of at least A by
Fe
(io a shortterm rating of a least A-2 and a longcrm rating of a least A by

Standard £ Poor's

(Gi) a shortacrm rating of al least P2 and a lomgutem rating of at least AZ by
Moody's; and

(b) — assuming the Relevant Rating Agency with respect to any Rated Notes of any Note
Series is Ft: E-I by Fich with respect Lo the short-icrm ssuer Default Rating
(IDR) of such entity or A- by Fitch with respect o 1h long-term Issuer Default
Rating (IDR) of such entity

dr such crhor debtruing as determined to be applicable or agreed by cach Relevant Rating
Agenty from time o time and specified in the last Prospectus Supplement.

“Additional Building Block" means the additional building block to the Securities Note
prepared in accordance with Anmex: VII to Regulation 809/2004.

su


“Additional Transfer" means th transer of any Eligible Reccivable deriving from a Credit
Card Agreement when, prior to the contemplated trantor and having regard to ho transfr(s)
which have already taken place between Seller and the Fund on any preceding Purchase
Dates, (2) the Fund is already he owner of part of the outstanding amount due under cerain
drawings made by the coresponding Borower under such Credit Card Agreement and (y) the
Reccivables under such Credit Card Agreement have not been previous|y repurchased by th
Seller.

*Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price" means, on any Calculation Date and in respect of all
Purchased Receivables, the aggregate amount ol all Deferred Purchase Prices which remain
“mpaid as of such Calcoltion Dat

¡sgregate DPP Interest Amount” means the interest amount on the recorded Ageregate
Detered Parchase Price as calculated by the Management Company as described in section
33.14 of the Additional Building Block.

¡ggregate Ouistanding Debt" means, in respect of any Purchascd Reccivables and any
Credit Card Agreement, and on any date, the total amount due by the Borrower on such date,
including principal, interest and fs (wbehr not yet matured or overduc),

¡ggregate Repurchase Price” means, in relation to al! he Repurchased Recelvables to be
epurchascd on a Repurchase Date:

(a) the aggregate of he Repurchuse Prices of such Repurchased Reccivables; plas

(b) — all additional, specific, direct and indirect, costs and expenses incured by the Pund in
respect ol the repurchase of such Repurchased Reccivables and previously approved!
by Ue Seller excluing, for the avoidance of any double count
included in the Repurehase Price

“AJAF" means the Spanish ALAF Fixed Income Markt.

JFME” mans Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 231/2013, ol 19 December
2012, supplementing Directve 2011/61/EU of the European Par

with regard to exemplins, general operating conditions, deposiaie, leverage,transparency
and supervision.

.ment and of the Council

“Amortisation St

£ Date" or “Note Series 20xx-yy Amortisation Starting Date”
means, wit respect to any outstanding Note Seres, he carter of th following dates

(a) the applicable Scheduled Amonisation Starting Date and

(0) the Payment Date immediately following the occurrence of a Revolving Termination
Esent oran Aceclerated Amortsation Even

“Arranger” means the entity designated in the Final Terms of cach of the isues o perform
such funcions.



“Asnef” means the Asociación Nacional de Establecimientos Financieros de Crédito

“Asset-Liabilty Mismatch Amount" means on the amount calculated as described in
section 34.44. of the Additional Building Block

“Audit Report" mans the Agrecd.Upon Procedures report produced by the Auditor for the
Management Company and the Joint Lead Managers regarding certain atibutes of the
Reccivables in order to comply with the provisions of ack 22 of Law 5/2015. Audit Report
shall include th report dated 16 June 2017 prepared by the Auditor in connection with the
Dec of Incorporation of the Fund and th first Notes Seres, and any updates of such report
and any other audit report tt may be produced in connection with Receivables poold in
the Fund from timo 10 time, in the context of Initial Transfers The poo! of Reccivables will be
sudited ammuallys this pool will include Aggregate Outstanding Debt at ihat moment
“Audited Portfolio" means the aggregate of the Receivables audted by the Auditor from
Which the Reccivables o be transerred to the Fund on the Fund Incorporation Date (or, as
applicable, on any other Purchase Date during th if o he Fund) will be selected.

“Auditor” means KPMG Auditores, SLP.

juthorised Entityes)
relevant parposes.

means any third party cnttyics) authorized by the Seller fr the

“Availability Period” means

(a) with respect 10 the Expenses Subordinated Faciiy, the period commencing on the
Fund Incorporation Date and ending on the last day of the Programme Revolving.
Period;

(b) — with respectto the General Reserve Subordinated Faciliy, hc period commencing on
tb Fund Incorporacion Date and ending on the last day of he Programme Revolving.
Period;

(6) — with respeet to the Commingling Reservo Subordinated. Facil, the period
commencing on the Fund Incorporation Date and ending on the Fund Liquidation.
Dates and

(d) wit respecto the Seller Interes Credit Facility, hc period commencing on the Fund
Incorporation Date and ending on the las day o Ue Programme Revolving Period.

“Available Amortisation Amount” means, on cach Payment Date during the Programme

Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period, an amount calculated as described
in section 45.60 th Securities Noe.

316


“Available Balance” (Saldo Disponible) means the positive difírence betwcen the Credit
Limit om each Credit Card Agreement and is Outstanding Principal Balance at any given

“Available Collections” means, on cach Calculaion Date, in respect of any Collection Period
immediately preceding such Calculation Dat, an amount equal to the agregate of

(a) the total aggregate amount collected by th Servicer from the Borrowers (including
scheduled and unscheduled payments of principal, interest, areas, late payments
Recoveries, and penaltis) with respect o the Purchased Reccivables during the
Collection Perad;

(0) — any Insurance Indemmnficaions paid to the Seller under the Insurance Polcis:

(<) — any Non-Compliant Repurchase Amount (or, as the case may Be, any equivalen
indemity paid by the Seller to the Fund)

(d) — amy amount o be debited by the Management Company from the Commingling
Reserve Armont on that Setlement Date:

plus or minus, as the case muy be, the Corrected Available Collections, provided that the
eredit balance of the Treasury Account is suffciet to enable such adjustment. Corretod
Available Collections arie as a consequence of the amounts received in he Treasury Account
during the month, being reconciled with te information reccived on a monthly basis the
monthly reporting. This reconciliaion may produce adjustments for or against the Fund that
“amount to Conected Available Collections.

“Available Distribution Amount” means on cach Payment Date iho aggregate of the
Available Principal Amount and he Available Interest Amos

Additionaly. on cach Payment Date during the Programme Accelerted Amortsation Period
hc outstanding balance of the General Reserve will e added to the amunt described above.

“Available Interest Amount” mcans, on cach Payment Date and wihout double counting.
Ac amount standing a le credit of he Treasury Account prior to giving cfct to th relevant
Priority of Payments and equal to the aggregate o:

(a) — The interest Collections defined as the amounis deposted during the Col
Period immediately preceding such Payment Dat from interes including recoveris)
and fs from the Purchased Reccivables:

(b) — the Hedging Net Amount and the Hedging Collaeral Account Surplus (if any)
reccived by the Fund pursuant to the Hedging Agreementís)

(£) — the Financial Income credied to th Issucr Accomnts (excluding those from the
Hedging Collaeral Account), if any)

307


(4) — li) the remaining portion of the Aggregate Repurchase Price with respect to any
Performing Credit Card intere) and () the Aggregate Repurchase Price with
respect to any Defaulied Credit Card (principal plus interes) in respect of a
Repurchase Date immediately preceding such Payment Date; and

(6) subject to paragraph (9) above, any ler amounts standing to the credit of the
Treasury Account regarding interes collection as of the close of the immediately
preceding Payment Date (after the applicaon of th relevant Priority of Payments).

provided that if the Servicer has failed to provide the Management Company with the
Momhly Servicer Report within two (2) Business Days after the relevant Monthly Reporting.
Date the Management Company shall adjust the Available Intrest Amount upon reccipt of
le relevat Monhly Servicer Report on o prior to the relevant Calculation Date

“Available Principal Amount” means, on any Payment Date and without double counting
Ac amount standing a le credit of he Treasury Account prior to giving efe to th relevant
Priority of Payments and equal to the aggregate of:

(a) — the Available Principal Collections with respecto the Collection Period immediately
preceding such Payment Date;

(6) the PDL Cure Amountsretained i ho Treasury Account:

(6) — the aggregate of the Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounts (if any) of ll
Note Seres issued om the Issue Date immediately preceding such Payment Date air
tie Fund Incorporation Dat;

(4) — any SICF Draving Amount drawn under the Seller Credit Interes Facility to finance
in fall or in part th purchase of Reccivables on the Settlement Date proceding such
Payment Dates

(e) — the Unapplicd Revolving Amount on the preceding Payment Date (afer the
application of the relevant Priority of Payments):

(0) the Seller Diluios (any) paid on or prior to the Calculation Date by the Seller to
tb Fund in accordance wish section 33.1.10 of tie Additional Building Block; and

(8) — the portion of the Ageregate Repurchase Price which corresponds o the Outstanding
Principal Balances af the Repurchascd Receivables with respect to Credit Card
Agreements other than Defaulted Credit Cards in respect of a Repurchase Date
immediately preceding such Payment Date

provided that áf the Servicer has failed to provide the Management Company with the
Momhly Servicer Report within two (2) Business Days after the relevant Monthly Reporting.
Date the Management Company shall adjust the Availble Principal Amount upon reccipt of
he relevat Monhly Servicer Report on o prior t the relevant Calculation Date

EN


“Available Principal Collections” means, on any Calculation Date, in respect of the
Collection Period immediately preceding such Calculation Dat, the par of the Available
Collections corresponding to:

(a) the aggregate of he principal payments Gncluding any prepayments) efectively paid
vih respect of the Performing Credit Cards in relation to the relevant Collection
Period;

(b) any amount vih is corresponding to a principal component due 10 the Fund and to
bs debited by the Management Company from the Commingling Reserve Amount om
th Selement Date following such Calculation Date:

(c) the aggregate of the principal component to be reccived on the Calculation Date in
connection with any Non-Compliant Repurchase Amount (or any part of the
equivalent indemnity paid by the Seller to the Fund) with respec o any Performing.
Credit Card;

(4) the portion of the Insurance Indermficaions paid by any insurance company 1o the
Seller in respect uf Performing Credit Cards only and which corresponds to principal
(other Ihan any amounts refered to in (a) above) during the relevant Collection
Period;

(e) — plus or minus, as the case maybe, any Corrected Available Principal Collections
provided that the credit balance of the Treasury Account is suficient to enable such
adjustment.

“Available Purchase Amount” means:

(a) omcach Determination Dat during the Programme Revolving Period, sum of
6) the productor

(A) The aggregate of the Not
Notes Series having a Schcduled Amonisation Staning Date

occuming añer the Payment Date following such Determination
Dates and

Series 2M0xx-3y Principal Ratio of all

(8) — the Available Principal Collections wih respect to the Col
Period immediately receding such Determination Date;

(i) the Unapplicd Revolving Amount standing at the credit of the Treasury
“Account as of close of the preceding Payment Dat;

(0) othervise, zero (0),

For clarificaion purposes the Available Purchase Amount will ot be included in the
Available Principal Amount

29


“Base Prospectus” means the base prospects prepured by the Management Company in
accordance with Regulation 809/2004, The Base Prospectus has bcn registered with the
CNMV on 18th of Joly 2017.

“Borrower" means, i relation to any Credit Card Agreement, the individual who has ctered
¿nto such Credit Card Agreement as principal oblgor to the Seller.

“Business Day" means a day which is a TARGET? Business Day other than () a Saturday.
(ús) a Sunday or (hi) a public holiday in Madrid (Spain) or and (sv) as the case may be, any
ter day speciicd in the corresponding Issuing Document

“Business Day Convention" means the Modific Following Business Day Convention

=Calulatión Date" means the Ki (5*) Business Day before cach Payment Date For
«lariicaion purposes, th fc Calculaion Date after tbc Fund Incorpoation Date will be
12h September 2017.

“Calculation Period" means any period of time (from and including the fir day of such
period to but excluding the las) where an amount of interest on any Note of any Note Series
is calculated

“Capital Companies Law" means Royal Decrec Law 1/2010, of 2 July, approving the
eonsolidated tex of the Capital Companies Law (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de
julio, por el quese aprueba el ext refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capita)

“Certain Regulatory and Industry Diselosures” means section 4. (CERTAIN
REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS) of this Base Prospectas.

“Charge Account” means the bank account associated with every Credit Card where the
“amounts payable under a Credit Card Agreement are debted on a monthly basis by means of
rt debi

“Charge Account Banks" means the Spanish financial insttutions where he Charge
“Accounts are opened inth Borrowers names.

“Circular 22016" means CNMV Circular 22016, of 20 April, on accounting standards,
annual. financial statements, public financial sistemes and Confidential. static
information statements of Securiisation Funds (Circular 2/2016, de 20 de abril, de la
Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores, sobre normas conables, cuentas anuales,
estados financieros públicos y estados reservados de información estadística de los Fondos
de Titulización)

+Civil Code” means the Spanish Civil Codo published by vinue of the Royal Decrer of 29
July 1889 and te other preparatory proviions.

“CIT Regulations” means the Corporate Income Tax Regulations approved by Royal Decres
634/2015, 10 July

0


Class" means cach class ol a Note Seis

Class A Fixed Rate Notes” means the Class A Notes of any Noto Series which bear a fixed

lass A Flosting Rate Notes” means the Class A Notes of any Note Series which bear
Hosting interes rat,

“Class A General Reserve Ledger” means, with respec o the Class A Notes of any Note
Series, the Ledger which shall be stablished y the Management Company, acting for and on
behalf of hc Fund, in order to record on any Payment Date the amount up lo which the
Treasury Account may be drawn on te following Payment Date to make up for any shordall
to suit the payment of ertin items of the Interest Priority of Payments in accordance with
the Interest Shortfall Priority of Payments ar he Accelerted Priority ol Payments as
applicable. The Class A General Reserve Ledger in relation to ho Class A Notes of any Notes
Serie, is an accounting reserve that will be established by the Management Company in order
to note an account entry on cach Payment Date to determine hi maximum amount available
on the next Payment Date to cover any shonfallto saisfy the payment of the established
items in accordance with the Ineres Priority of Payment, he Interest Shorfall Priority of
Payments andthe Accelerated Priority of Payments

Class A General Reserve.

imum Amount” means, on any Payment Dat, an amount
equal o the product ob

(a) 0.60 per cent (or any other percentage indicated in the last Prospectus Supplement);
and
(0) the sum of the Initial Principal Amount of the Class A Notes of all Note Series on

such date (including he Initial Principal Amount of the Class A Notes of any Note
Series to be issued but excluding the Initial Principal Amount of the Class A Notes of
any Note Seres to be redeemed on such Payment Date), provided that s from the
date an wbich th Class A Notes of all Note Seris have fully redeemed, such amount
shall o equal to zero (0)

“Class A General Reserve Replenishment Amount" mans, on any Payment Date on
which no new Note Seris is issued by the Fund, the difference (if positive) between () the
Class A General Reservo Required Amount and () the credit balance of the Class A
General Reserve Ledger on such Payment Date (before the application of the applicable
Priority of Payments


“Class A General Reserve Required Amount" means:

(a) — om the fest Notes Issue Disbursement Dat following the Fund Incorporation Date, an
amount equal to EUR 5.413.200;

(b) — omany Issue Date when a new Note Series ls issued, an amount as specific in the last
Prospectus Supplement

(<) on any Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme
Amorisation Period, th maximum between

6) the productor

(A) 120 per cent (or any other percentage indicated in the last
Prospects Supplement): and

(8) the sum of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes
of all Note Seres (taking into account the Class A Notes of any
Note Series to be issued anclor to be redeemed on such Payment

Dat):
Gi) the Class A General Reserve Minimum Amount:
(4) — on any Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period, the

Class A General Reserve Minimum Amount,

provided that all amounts of interest reccived from the General Reserve Amount and
Standing, as the case may be, to the credit of the Treasury Account shall not be taken ino

Class A Hedging Agreement” means, with respect to he Class A Ploating Rate Notes of
any Noe Seres, the interest rate hodging agreement with respect to such Class A Flosting
Rate Notes which may be entered ino between the Fund and any Class A Hedging.
Coumterpary

lass A Hedging Counterparty” means, with respecto any Class A Plosting Rate Notes of
any Note Seres, he Eligible Hedging Counterpaty specific in any Issuing Document

Class A Hedging Senior Termination Payment” means, on any relevant Payment Date,
hc aggregate amount of all Hdging Senior Termination Payments with respect lo any
relevant Class A Hedging Agreements (any)

“Class A Hedging Subordinated Termination Amount” means on any relevant Payment
Date, the Class A Hedging Subordinated Termination Payments, determined. by the
Management Company on th preceding Calculstion Date.


Class A Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment” mcans, on any relevant Payment
Date, the aggregsto amount of the Hodging Subordinated Termination Payments with respect
to any relevant Class A Hodging Agreement if any)

“Class A Monthly Hedging Net Amounts” mesos, with respect to a Payment Dat, the sum
fall Class A20xx-yy Hodging Net Amounis determined by the Management Company to be
rtained andíor puid (as applicable) on such Paymen Date in accordance with he applicable
Priority of Payments.

“Class A Notcholder” means any holder of any Class A Note.

“Class A Notes” means hc senior assct-backed notes designatod on Class A issued orto be
issued by he Pund,

“Class A Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount” mcans, with respecto a Payment Date,
he sum of all Class A20xx-yy Notes Monthly Amortisation Amounis determined by the
Management Company, to be retained and/or aid (as applicable) on such Payment Date in
“accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.

“Class A Notes Monthly Interest Amount" means, with respect to a Payment Date the sum
df all Class AZOxx-yy Notes Interest Amount determined by the Management Company. to be
rtained and/or paid (as applicable) on such Payment Date in accordance with hc applicable
Priority of Payments

Class A Notes Principal Amount Outstan
Outstanding of any outstanding Class A Notes.

means, om any dat, the Principal Amount

Class A Notes Subscribers” mesos, vih respecto any Class A Notes of a particular Note
Series the subscribers of such Class A Notes.

“Class A Notes Subscription Agreement” means the subscription agreement for the Class A
Notes of any Note Series which will be made between the Management Company; the Seller
and one or several global coordinators, lead managers, bookrunners, underwriters or
subscribers. Each Isuing Document will provide details af the names of the global
eoordinator, cad managers, bookrunners or undenriters appointed in relation to the offering
“and subscription f he Class A Notes of any Note Series.

“Class A PDL Cure Amount” means any amount retalnd at Hem (5) of he Interest Priority
tf Payments to cue any debi balance in respect of the Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger.

Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger" means the sub edger of the Principal Deficiency
Ledger established and maintained by the Management Company in respect of the Class A.
Noes of any Note Series and which records certain amowns as credit or debit entris in
“accordance with the terms of th Decd of Incorporation of th Fund,

ES


“Class A20wx-3y Medging Net Amount” means, with respect to the Class A2O0xx-3y Notes
of a Note Seris and with respec o any applicable Payment Dat, the Hedging Not Amount
vih respect Lo the relevant Class A Hedging Agreement of such Note Series 200x-3y (any),
vwbich shall be paid to he Hedging Cosmterparty.

Class AZOxx3y Notes” means any Class A Notes issued in ycar“20%x" and comesponding
o the serios number yy" oPsuch year

“Class A20xx-4y Notes Interest Amount” mcans, wih espect to the Class A201x-yy Notes
of any Note Serios

(a) duringhe Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period, he
interest amount payable on such Class A20x-yy Notes on cach Payment Dat;

(6) — during the Programme Accclerated Amoriation Period, the interest amount payable
om he Class A2Oxx-yy Notes on cach Payment Date,

as calculated by he Management Company on the basis of the Class A2Oxx-3y Notes Interest
Rate specific in he applicable Issuing Document

“Class A20xx-3y Notes Interest Rate” means the Interest Rae applicable o a given Class
AlOxxcyy Notes as specific in tt applicable Issuing Document

“Class A20xx-3y Notes Monthly Amortisaion Amount" means with respect to the Class
AOxxyy Notes of any Noe Serios

(a) wit respect to any Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortisation Period:

(6) with respect to any Payment Date faling before lts Note Series 20xx-yy
Amorisaion String Date (excluded), zero (0)

(Gi) with respect to any Payment Date falling on or after lts Note Series 20xx-yy
Amorisaion Sting Date, the Note Series 20xx-3y Total Available
Amorisaion Amount to be paid by the Fund an such Payment Dat;

(b) wit respect 10 any Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated Amortisaion
Period, the Class AZ0xx-yy Notes Principal Amount Outstanding as of the close of
the immediately preceding Payment Date

Class A20xx-3y Notes Principal Amount Outstanding” means, on any dat, the principal
“amount outstanding of Class A20xx-yy Notes

lassB Fixed Rate Notes” means the Class 1 Notes of any Noto Series which bear a fixed

EN


“Class B Floating Rate Notes” means the Class B Notes of any Note Seris which bear a
Hosting interes rat,

“Class B General Reserve Ledger” means, with respect to the Class B Notes of any Note
Series the ledger which shall be established by tho Management Company. acting for and on
behalf of the Fund, in order to record on any Payment Date the amount up Lo which the
Treasury Account may bo drawn on th following Payment Dat to mak: up for any shordall
to sais he payment of certain items of the Interest Priority of Payments in accordance with
Ale Interest Shontall Priority of Payments.

“Class B General Reserve Minimum Amount” mesns on any Payment Date during the
Programme Revolving Period and he Programme Amontiation Period (only), an amount
equal o the product ob

(a) thefollowing applicable percentage:

(6) 020 per cem (or any olher percentage indicated in he last Prospectus
Supplemen) the Class A Notes oPall Not Serie have not been redeemed
in all or

(io 070 per cem (or any olher percentage indicated in he last Prospectus
Supplement) úf the Class A Notes of all Note Series have been fully
redoemed

and

(0) the sumof the Initial Principal Amount of the Class B Notes of all Note Series on

such date (including the Initial Principal Amount of the Class B Notes of any Note
Series o be issued but excluding he Initial Principal Amount of he Class B Notes of
any Note Seres to be redeemed on such Payment Date), provided that s from the
¿ito an which sll Class B Notes of al Note Serios have fully redeemed, such amount
shall o cqual to zero (0)

“Class 1 General Reserve Replenishment Amount” means, on any Payment Date on which
o mew Nole Serie is issued by the Fund, the difrence (if positive) between () he Class
General Reserve Required Amount and () he credit balance o he Clas B3 General Reserve
Ledger on such Payment Date (before he application oa applicable Priority of Payments),

Class General Reserve Required Amount" means:

(a) omthe fest Notes Issue Disbursement Dat following the Fund Incorporation Date, an
amount equal o zo 0);

(b) — omany Disbursement Date when a new Note Series is issued, an amount as specified
in bo last Prospectos Supplement:



(<) on any Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme
Amorisation Period, th maximum between

6) the productor
(A) the following applicable percentage:

(aa) — 0.50 per cent (or any other percentage indicated in the last
Prospectus Supplement) úf the Clase A Notes of all Note
Series have not been redeemed in fall or

(bb) — 1 per cent (or any other percentage indicated in the last
Prospectus Supplement) the Class A Notes of all Note
Series have been fully redcemed;

and

(8) the sum of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes
of all Note Series Gncluding Principal Amount Oststanding of the
Class 3 Notes of any Note Series to be issued but cxcluding
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes of any Note
Series o be redoemed on such Payment Date)

(io the Class B General Reserve Minimum Amount;

(d) — on any Payment Date during the Programme Accelorated Amortisation Period, zero
UN

provided that all amounts of interest reccived from the General Reserve Amount and
Standing, as the case may be, to the credit of the Treasury Account hall not be taken into

lass B Hedging Subordinated Termination Amount” means on any relevant Payment
Date, the Class B Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment, determined by the
Management Company om th preceding Calculstion Date.

“Class B Hedging Agreement" means, with respect to he Class B Floating Rate Notes of
any Note Seris, the interest rate hedging agreement with respect to such Class B Floating
Rate Notes which may be entered imo betwcen the Fund and any Class B Hedging
Coumterpary

lass 5 Hedging Counterparty” means, with respecto any Class B Flouting Rate Notes of
any Note Seres, he Eigible Hedging Counterpaty speciicd in any Issuing Document

lass 5 Hedging Senior Termination Payment" mans, on any relevant Payment Date, he
aggregate amount of all Hedging Senior Termination Payments with respect to any relevant
Class B Hedging Agreements(iPany).

226


“Class 8 Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment” means, on any relevant Payment
Date, the aggregsto amount of the Hdging Subordinated Termination Payments with respect
to any relevant Clas B Hodging Agreements(iFany).

“Class B Monthly Hedging Net Amounts” means, with respecto a Payment Dat, the sum
fall Class B20xx-3y Hedging Not Amounts determined by the Management Company to be
retained andíor puid (as applicable) on such Payment Date in accordance with hc applicable
Priority of Payments.

“Class Noteholder” means any holder of any Class B Note,

“Class IB Notes” means the mezzanino asseacked notes designated on Class B issued orto
be issued by the Fund.

“Class B Notes Monthly Amortiation Amount" means, with respect to a Payment Date,
le sum of all Class B20xx-yy Notes Monthly Amoriation Amounts determined by the
Management Company, to be retained and/or aid (as applicable) on such Payment Date in
“accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.

Class 3 Notes Monthly Interest Amount” mcons, with respect to a Payment Date, the
aggregato amount o all Class B20xx-3y Notes Monthly Interest Amount determined by the
Management Company, to be retained and/or aid (as applicable) on such Payment Date in
“accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.

“Class B Notes Principal Amount Ouístan
Outstanding of any outstanding Class B Notes.

cans, on any dat, the Principal Amount

“Class 8 Notes Subscribers” means, wih respecto any Class B Notes ola particular Note
Series the subscribers of such Class B Notes

“Class 18 Notes Subscription Agreement” means the subscription agreement or the Class
Notes of any Note Series which will be made between the Management Company; the Seller
and one or several global coordinators, lead managers, bookrunners, underwriters or
subscribers. Each Isuing Document will provide details af the names of the global
eoordinator, cad managers, bookrunners or undenuriters appointed in relation to the offering
“and subscription fte Class Notes of any Note Seres

Class E Principal Deficiency Ledger” means he subvledger of the Principal Deficiency
Ledger established and maintained by the Management Company in respect of the Class B.
Nous and which records cetain amounts as credit or debit ent

terms of he Decd of Incorporaton.

“Class B PDL Cure Amount” means any amount retaind at item (9) of he Interest Priority
Payments to cue any debi balance in respect of the Clas B Principal Deficieney Ledger.

in accordance wit the

7


“Class B20sx-4y Hedging Net Amount” means, with respect to he Class B20x1-3y Notes
df a Note Seris and with respect to any applicable Payment Dat, the Hodging Net Amount
vih respec o the relevant Class B Hedging Agreement of he Note Series 20xx-9y (any)
vwbich shall be paid to he Hedging Counterparty.

“Class B20xx-3y Notes” means any Class 8 Notes issued in year “20%x:x" and corresponding
o the serios number yy" of such year

“Class B20xx-yy Notes Interest Amount” means, with respecto hc Class B20wx-yy Notes

(a) duringihe Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortsation Period, he
interest amount payable on the Class B20xx:yy Notes on cach Payment Dat;

(6) during the Programme Accclerated Amoriation Period, the interest amount payable
om he Class B20xx-yy on cach Payment Date,

as calculatd by the Management Company on the basis of the Class B20xx-yy Notes Interest
Rate specific in he applicable Issuing Document

“Class B20xx-3y Notes Interest Rate” means the Inerest Rate applicable o a given Class
B20x1-yy Notes as specified in the applicable Issuing Document

“Class B20xx-3y Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount” means with respect to the Clase
B20x1-3y Notes of any Noto Series the amount calculated as described in section 48.60 the
Secuitics Note

Class B20xx-3y Notes Principal Amount Outstanding” meens, on any dae, tb principal
“amount outstanding of Class B201x-yy Notes.

Class C Fixed Rate Notes

means the Class C Notes of any Note Series which ear a fixed

Class € Floating Rate Notes” means the Class C Notes of any Note Series which bear a
Hosting interest rat,

“Class € Hedgi
Date, the Class C Hedging Subordinated Terminaion Payments determined by. the
Management Company on th preceding Calculation Date.

Subordinated Termination Amount” means on any relevant Payment

“Class C Hedging Agreement” means, vit respect to the Class C Flomting Rate Notes, the
interest rate hodging agreement vih respec o such Class C Fosting Rate Notes which may.
he entered imo htcen the Fund and any Class C Hedging Counterpary

Class C Medging Counterparty" means, il respect any Clas CFloing Rate Notes of
any Not ers, he Heding Coumerpary specified in any Isuing Document

ES


Class € Hedging Senior Termination Payment” means, on any relevant Payment Date,
hc aggregate amount of all Hdging Senior Termination Payments wih respect lo any
relevant Class C Hedging Agreement (any).

Class C Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment” mcans, on any relevant Payment
Date, the aggregate amount of the Hodging Subordinated Termination Payments with espect
to any relevant Clas C Hodging Agreements(iFany)

Class C Monthly Hedging Net Amounts” mesos, with respect to a Payment Dat, the sum
fall Class C20xx-3y Hedging Net Amounts determined by the Management Company to be
retained andíor puid (a applicable) on such Payment Date in accordance with the applicable
Priority of Payments.

Class C Notes” means the subordinated assct-acked notes designated on Class C issued ar
o be issued by the Fund.

Class € Noteholder” means any holder of any Class C Note,

“Class C Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount” mcans, with respec o a Payment Date,
le sum of all Class C20xx-yy Notes Monihly Amonisation Amounts determined by the
Management Company, to bo pud on such Payment Date in accordance with the applicable
Priority of Payments.

“Class C Notes Monthly Interest Amount" means, with respect to a Payment Dat, the sum
af all Class C20xx3y Notes Monthly Interest Amount determined by the Management
Company, to be puid on such Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priority of
Payments

Class C Notes Principal Amount Outstan
Outstanding of any outstanding Class C Notes.

means, om any dat, the Principal Amount

Class C Notes Subscribers” means, with respect to any Class C Notes of a particular Note
Series the subscribers of such Class C Notes

“Class C Notes Subscription Agreement” means the subscription agreement or the Class C
Notes af any Note Series which will be made between the Management Company, the Seller
and one or several global coordinators, lead managers, bookrunners, underwetes. or
subscribers. Each Issuing Document will provide details of the names of the global
eoordinator, cad managers, bookrunners or underwritersappointed in relation to the offering
“and subscription of he Class C Notes of any Note Seres

“Class C20sx-3y Hedging Net Amount" means, with respect to he Class C2Oxx-yy Notes
of amy Note Series and with respect to any applicable Payment Date, the Hedging Not
Amount with respect to e relevant Class C Hedging Agreement of such Note Series 20xx-py
(any), which shall e paid to the Hedging Counterpary

9


“Class C20x-3y Monthly Hedging Net Amount” mcans hc amount calculated as described
in section 34.72,

“Class C20xx-3y Notes” means any Class C Notes issued in ycar “20xx "nd corresponding
o the serios number “yy” oPsuch year

“Class C20xx-3y Notes Interest Amount” means with respect the Class C0xx-yy Notes
“nd vito respect to any Payment Date:

(a) during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortsation Period the
interest amount payable on the Class C20xx:yy Notes on cach Payment Dat;

(6) — during the Programme Accclerated Amoriation Period, the interest amount payable
om he Class C20xx-yy Notes on cach Payment Date;

as calculatd by the Management Company on the basis of the Class C2Oxax-yy Notes Interest
Rate specific in he applicable Issuing Document

“Class C20xx-3y Notes Interest Rate” means the Interest Rate applicable o a given Class
(C20xx-yy Notes as specilid in the applicable Issuing Document

“Class C20xx-3y Notes Monthly Amortisaion Amount" means with respect to the Class
(C20xx-yy Notes of a Noe Serics the amount calculated as described in section 43,6 of the
Securitics Note

Class C20x3y Notes Principal Amount Outstanding” means, on any dae, the principal
“amount outstanding of he Class C20xx-yy Notes.

“Clifford Chance" means CLIFFORD CHANCE, SLP.

“CMOF Credit Support Annex'” means th credit support annex to the CMOF Master
Agreement Anexo 1 — Acuerdo de Realización de Cesiones en Garanío),

+CMOF Master Agreement” means the Contrato Marco de Operaciones Financieras in
2013 version (or any other version as selected by he Management Company), as prepared by
he Spanish Bankers Association (Asociación Española de Banca) and the Spanish Savings
Banks Association (Confederación Española de Cajas de Ahorros).

“CNMV! means the Spanish Securtics and Exchange Commission (Comisión Nacional del
Mercado de Valores).

“Collections Account” or “Collections Accounts” means one or more than one accounts
opened by the Seller with he Collections Account Banks and which are subject o th ón sem
sigh of plodge created under the Collections Accounts Security Document, The Collections
Account reccive the payments made by the Bomowers of the Credit Cards that aro
«ubsequently transfored to the Treasury Account as resources of th Fund,

30


“Collections Account Banks" means cach of the Spanish financial insttions where the
Collections Accounts held by the Servicr are opened from time to time (as of the date of his
Base Prospectus, Caixa Bank, S.A.)

“Collections Account Bank Agreement” mcans any agreement cristing betwen the Pledgor
and cach of the Collections Account Banks regarding the Collections Accounts, as amended
“and supplemented from time to tim

“Collections Account Bank Required Ratings" means n respect of any entity he ratings at
least equal to:

(a) — a publicrating of at least BBB (scnior long term) by DBRS; or

(0) — by Fil th respect o Ah shortcrm Isuer Default Rating (IDR of such entity
or BBB by Fitch with respect to the long-term Issucr Default Rating (IDR) of such

such other debt rating as determined to be applicable or agrecd by cach Relevant Rating
Agenty from time o time and specified in the las Prospecta Supplement

“Collections Account Security Document” means th collection account security document
granted on 19 of July 2017 wherchy WIZINK (as Servicer) grans the Pledge over the
Collections Accounts.

“Collection Period" means, in respect of a Calcuation Date or a Payment Date, th period
between two Cut OIf Dates (excluding the first Cut-OAT Date ad including he second Cut-
Off Date) preceding such Calculation Date or Payment Date, provided hat he Fist Collection
Period sl stat on the Fund Incorporation Date (including such date) and shall end on 31
May 2017 (including such dat),

“Commercial Code” means the Spanish Commercial Code published by vine of he Royal
Desres af 22 August 1885.

“Commingling Reserve” means any amount crdited by the Seller to he Treasury Account
“as adjustedthercftr, in accordance with section 0. he Additional Building Block.

“Com

ing Reserve Amount" means, on any date, lhe credit balance of the
Commingling Reserve,

“Commingling Reserve Increase Amount” mens, on any Seulement Date (oras ho case
may be, on any Disbursement Date during the Programme Revolving Period when a Note
Series is issued), the positive difference a determined by the Management Company between
he applicable Commingling Reserve Required Amount and the Commingling Reserve
Amount,

“Commingling Reserve Decrease Amount" mesns, on any Payment Dato, the amount
calculated s described in section 3:43,


“Commingling Reserve Required Amount" mcans an amount equal to the 1.3% of the
Outstanding Principal Balance af the Reccivables. The Comminglins Reserve Required
Amount will cqual to zero (0) once the Rated Notes have been redcemed in ful.

—Commin

ing Reserve Shortfall Amount" cons, as calculated in respect of cach
Payment Date, he amount calculated as described in section 3433,

—Commin

ing Reserve Subordinated Facility” means the credit fa
Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement

granted under the

“Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement” means the credit faciliy
agreement dated 19 July 2017 and made betwcen the Fund, represented by the Management
Company and the Commingling Reserve SubordinatedFaciliy Provider.

*Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider” means WIZINK.

“Common Reccivables” means the NomPurchased Reccivables and Abe Purchased

Reccivables aisng rom the sume Credit Card Agreement

“Conditions Precedent to the Purchase of Reccivables” means th conditions described in

section 33,12.

“Confirmation Date” means cight ($) Business Days following cach Monthly Reporting
Date. Forclarfication purposes, th first Confirmation Date after the Fund Incorporation Date

vvillbe 12 September 2017. e means the date in which Repurchaso vil be confirmed.

“Consumer Credit Legiiation” means all the applicable consumer laws and regulations
goveming the Credit Card Agreements, including, without limitation Royal Legislativo
Desres 1/2007, of 16 November, approving the Consolidatod Text af he General Consumer
“nd user protection law and otber complementary laws, as amended, resated or supplemented

from time to time.

“Contractual Documents” mcans the Credit Card Agrecments and any other documents

relating o the Purchased Reccivables.

“Corvected Available Coll

1" means all amounts subject to any adjustment of the
Avilable Collections with respect to the previous Collection Period as determined by the
Management Company om th Calculation Dat.

be Ps

“Corvected As

al Collections” means all amownts subject o any adjustment
af the Available Principal Collections with respect o the previous Collection Periods as
determined by the Management Compuny on hc Caleulation Date.

02


“Credit Card Agreement” mucans any credit card agreement (Contrato de Apertura de

Cuenta de Tarjeta) made betwcen the Seller and a Borrower.

Credit Limit” means the maximum amount of th credit wbich can be drawn by any
Borronwer under a Credit Card Agreement

“Credit Support Amnex" means the ISDA Credit Support Anmex or the CMOF Credit
¡Supone Annex,

“CR” mans Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of he Europcan Parliament and of the Council
df 26 June 2013 on pradentil requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012.

“CRR Amendment Regulation” means the Europcan Commission published legislativo
proposal dated 30 September 2015 intended to implement the revised. securitisaion
framework developed by BCBS.

Curable Events means:

(a) amy breach by the Servicer of any of its material non=monctary obligatins (other than
tb failure to provide the Monthly Servicer Report to the Management Company).
vnder any Programme Document to which its a pary (except the breach is due to
force majeure)

(b) — any of the represenations or warrantics made or given by Ihe Servicer under any
Programme Document to which ts party or án any centficat delivered pursusnt to
tb Programme Documents to which it is paty ás matrilly false or incorectán any.
material respect; or

(6) the Servicer has not provided the Management Company with the Monthly Servicer
Report on two consecutivo Monhly Reporting Date (except fthe breach is due to
force majcure).

“Cut-O1T Date" means th last calendar day of cach calendar month (except fo ho first Cut-
OH Date which shal be the 31 August 2017).

“Credit Policies” shall mean the Sellers usual policies, procedures and practices relating to
Ac operation of ts revolving credit business including, without Kimitaion, th usual policies
procedures and practices adopted by ita th grantor of credit in relation to Reccivables from
riginaed Credit Card Agreements and/or (as the caso may be) ts usual policies, procedures
“and practices for dealing with matters relating to the obligations and Liabltics of he Seller
“under applicable laws and regulations, or determining th croditwonhiness of ús revolving
eredit customers, the extension of the credit (including the increase or decrease of the
maximum credit authoisaion to lts customers), and rating to the muinienance of evolving.
eredit accounts, as such policies, procedures and practices may be amended or vaicd from

ES


“DBRS" mens DBRS Ratings Limited

“Deed of Incorporation" means the pub
e drated in Spanish language).

died of incorporation of the Fund and which will

Dee of Issue" means the relevant decd of issue (escritura de emisión) in relaion o the
issue of any unlisted Class A Notes, any Class B Notes and any Class C Notes. Each Deed of
Issue shall include, muaris mutandi, th information included in Schedule 2 “Form of Final
Tem".

“Default Amount” means, on any Calculation Date and with respect to the Credit Card which
as become a Defaulted Credit Card during the immediately preceding Collection Period, the
Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchased Reccivables of such Credit Card on te Cut-
OH Date preceding such Calculstion Date.

“Defaulted Credit Card" means any Credit Card:

(a) — corresponding to a Credit Card Agreement in respect of which, cight (8) or more
consccutive Instalments are in arcars

(0) — in espect of which the Credit Card Agreement has been determined as wrie-of by
the Seller prior to the expry of he period efered to in (a) above;

(<) — corresponding to a Credit Card Agreement whose Borrower has been declared
insolvent

provided that for the avoidance of doubt, the classification of a Defaulted Credit Card shall
e irrevocable

ferred Purchase Price" mesns, on any Calculation Date and in respect of th
Reccivables transfered to the Fund on the Purchase Period immediately proceding such
Calculation Date, the portion of the Purchase Price of such purchased Reccivables which is
otto be paid by the Fund on he folowing Payment Dat in accordance with e applicable
Priority of Payments.

“Delinquent Credit Card” means any Credit Card (which is not clssiied as Defauled
Credit Card) for which related Borrower has mot seed all sums due and payable in
“accordance with the terms of the corresponding Credit Card Agreement unless the payment
deferred has been authorsed by the Seller in accordance with the Servicing Policies

“Determination Date" means, during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme
Amorisaion Period, five (5) Business Days following cach Monthly Reporting Date on
vwbich the Management Company notfis to the Seller the Availble Purchase Amount and
tc Minimum Purchase Amount. The Seller shall communicate to the Management Company
before 1000 (Madrid Time) on such date its intetin to exercise any repurchase option and

EN


ile Target Amount (or any required information). For clrifcaion purposes, th fis
Determination Date air he Fund Incorporaton Date will be 7* of September 2017.

“Determination Period” means the period from and including an Inrest Determination
Date in any year o but excluding he next Interest Determination Dat.

ilutions” means, on cach Determination Date, in respect of the Collection Period
immediately preceding such Determination Date, the Outstanding Principal Balance of any.
given outstanding Purchased Reccivables cancelled by the Seller (in part or in ful) for the
benefit of the Borrowers, as the result of any return, rebate, deduction, retention, undue
restution, legal setoff [compensación legal), contracual  setoff. (compensation
convencional), judicial setof(compensation judicial, fmudulent or coumterit transaction.
rin respect of merchandise which was refused or retumed by a Borower.

irector” means Wizink.

isbursement Date” or “Notes Issue Disbursement Date” means the day on which the
“amount for the subscription of the Notes from cach Notes Serics should be disbursed in
“accordance with the relevant Isuing Document and at the latest two (2) Business Days before
any Payment Date (is n0 later than thec (3) Business Days alter the relevant Issue Date for

such Note Series).

“Drawing” means any draudowas made by the Borrower (or any other authorized user)
under the revolving credit facility granted under cach Credit Card Agreement, and which
includes (1) any fees financed by th Seller and (li) any unpaid single interest-ree insalment
Financed by the Seller with prior consent of the Borrower,

“Drawing Date" means any date on which a Drawing is made by the Borrower in accordance
vit Credit Card Agreement

“Drawing Purchase Report” means cach of the clectronc files with information on an
individual basis on the Drawings of cach Eligible Reccivable subject mate of an Additional
Transfer, as ofir applicable Eloctive Purchase Date.

shall have Ae meaning set out án section 3,3.1.14 of the Additional Building

“EC” means the European Central Bank

:rly Liquidation” means he cary liquidaion of th Fund and hence the crtyredemption
df he Notes in al Notes Series in accordance with he procedore set out ín section 4:43 of
tc Registration Document

“Early Termination Date" has hc meaning ascribed in hc relevant Hedging Agreement


*Elfective Purchase Date” mcans, olher than for the transor of Reccivables made on the
Fund Incorporaton Date:

(a) inte context of Initial Transfers, th relevant Selection Date on which hc Seller has
proceeded to mark intenally in ts system the transfr of Eligible Receivables to th
Fandi and

(a) — in the comext of Additional Transfers, the Drawing Date of the corresponding
Reccivables.

'Elfective Purchase Price” means, on any Calculation Date and in respect of the
Reccivables trnsfered to the Fund on any Purchase Period immediately preceding such
Calculation Dat:

(a) — during the Programme Revolving Period and he Programme Amoniation Period
only, the porton of the Purchase Price of such Eligible Reccivables which is ta be
cffcively paid by the Fund on th following Payment Date in accordance with the
Principal Priority of Payments and which shall be fundod by the Available Principal
Amount; and

(0) — during he Programme Accelerated Amortiation Period only, (1) s long as any Notes
of any outstanding Note Series has not been fully redeced, ro (0) and (ij) once all
Notes of ll Note Series have been redeemed in al, he portion oh Purchase Price
of such Eligble Reccivables which is to bo cffectively paid by the Fund on the
following Payment Date in accordance wit the Accclerted Priority of Payments and
which shall be funded by the Available Distribution Amount

stective Repurchase Date” means in respect of any Purchascd Reccivable, the calendar
day after a Confirmation Date on which the Seller will procced to mark the selected
Purchased Reccivables in the content ola repurchase of Purchase Reccivables to occur on the
ext available Repurchase Date aer said Confirmation Dat.

igbility Criteria” means the Criteria described in section 228, of the Adóltional
Eilding Block.

iible Borrower" means a person wi the characters described in section 22.82 of
tc Additional Building Block.

“Eligible Hedging Counterparty” means any Hedging Counterpory having the Hedging
Counterpary Required Ratings

Jigible Institution” means a depository institution organisod under the laws of any state
which is a member of the European Union which complis with () the Account Bank
Required Ratings with respect o 1h Isucr Accouns Bank and (5) with the Collections
“Account Bank Required Ratings with respect to the Collections Account Banks, and is
“boris to ak deposit in Spain.

336


“Eligible Institution Replacement Event” mcans the Collections Account Bank ceasing to
be an Elige Istitason.

igble Paying Agent” means a depository institution organised under the laws of any stato
which is a member of the European Union, and is authorisd o take deposis in Spain.

iible Reccivable" means a Reccivable satisfyin the Eligibilty Criteria.

:nerypted Data File" means the electronic and cncrypied file containing the personal data
f he Borrowers provided in respect of i) cach Borrower for cach Purchased Reccivables
idemilicd in the latest Sale Offer and (i) cach Borrower of an outstanding Purchased.
Reccivable, Th data tape will be sent quanery by th Service o the Management Company
on the relevant Monhly Reporting Date

“Enforcement Event” means the occurence of a Servicer Termination Eent which is
continuing and has nt been curedwihin the relevant cure period

“ESMA” means the Esropean Socwritis and Markets Authority

“EURIBOR” means the Reference Rate for he relevant Interest Period as calculated in
“accordance with paragraph (9) of section 4.7.6 of the Securtics Note.

JUCJ" means the European Union Court ol Justice.

“Eurosystem Eligible Collateral” means the assts recognised as cligible colateral for
arosystem monctary policy and inta-day credit operations by the Eurosystem cther upon.
issue or at any oral times during tir

“Euro-Zone” means the region comprised of member stos of the European Union that adopt
hc single cumency in accordance wilh the Treaty establishing the European Community
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by ho Treaty on European Union (signed in
Maastricht on 7 February 1992)

“Expenses Facility Interest Amount” means with respecto the Expensos Subordinated
Fciliy an amount calculated on th basis of an annual interes rat, which will be EURIBOR.
for one (1) Month + 1%, payable on cach Payment Date subject 0 the applicable Priority of
Payments. The interest rate cannot be lower than 0%

sxpenses Facility Principal Amount” means, as calculated by the Management Company
in respect of cach Payment Date, an amount equal to the Available Distribution Amount air
deductimg the amounts ranking aicad of ti he relevant Priority of Payments

“Expenses Subordinated Facility" mcans tho credit faciliy granted under the Expenses
Subordinated Facility Agreement

357


Espenses Subordinated Facility Agreement” cons the red faciiy agreement dated
19" o July 2017 and made betwcen he Fund, represente by the Management Company and
Ate Expenses Sabontinted Facility Provider

*Expenses Subordinated Facility Provider” means the See

“Estraordinary Expenses” shall include all the expenses described in section 347. of the
Additional Building Block

*FATCA" mucans the Forcign Account Tax Compliance Act.

“Financial Agency Agreement” means the Financial Agency agreement dated 19 July 2017
and made between the Management Company, he Paying Agent and thc Issuer Accouns
Bank

“Financial Income” means the income generated (f any) on he credit balances of Issue
Accounts (except the Hodging Collateral Accounts), if any). The interest accrued and
eredited imo Hedging Collacral Accounts) (f any) will be transfered to the relevant
Hedging Counterpaty in accordance with the relevant Hodging Agreement

“Fiel” means Fitch Ratings España, SAL,

“Fixed Rate Notes

(a) any Class A Fixed Rate Notes; and/or
(0) — any Class B Fixed Rate Notes,

£ Rate Notes” means:

(a) any Class A Foating Rate Notes; andlor
(b) — any Class B Ploating Rate Notes.

(c) any Class C Posting Rate Notes.

“Fund Available Cash” means the monics standing from time lo time to he credit of the
Issuer Accounts

“Fund Incorporation Date” means the date of execution of the Deed of Incorporatio, on
10h Jay 2017.

“Fund Legal Maturity Date” mesns he date on which the Fund will be extinguished, which
is scheduled fortho Payment Date ol December 2092,

“Fund Liquidation Date" means the date on which the Fund will be liquidated in accordance
vih section 4:43 of the Regisraion Document

ES


“Fund Liquidation Event” means the occurence of any of he events described in section
4:43 of te Registration Document

“Fund Non-Operative Expenses” means th Initial Expenses and the Note Seris Issue
Expenses.

“Further Note Seres Issuance Conditions Precedent”:

(a) the issue of any Note Series shall not result in the Maximum Outstanding Balance of
tb Programme being excecded

(0) the Seheduled Amorisation Staing Date of any new Noto Series shall al aficr the
Schcduled Amonisation Starting Date of any previously issued Note Series shit.
remains oststanding on the Issue Date of such new Nate Series;

(<) — no Revolving Termination Event and no Accelerted Amortisation Event sha have
scared:

(4) omthe Calculaion Date corresponding o such Isue Date, the Management Company
has determined that the Class A Principal Defciency Ledger and the Class E.
Principal Deticiency Ledger will not be in debit on the next Payment Date afcr the
application of the Interest Priority of Payments:

(e) the Class A Notes of the new Note Seris to be isucd are assigned a preliminary
rating of “AA (sI) and “AA+ sf" (or are prliminarily assigned the then current
rating of th outstanding Class A Notes) respectively by DBRS and Fitch and/or the
equivalent ratings from the other Relevant Rating Agencies provided (1) always that
tb Class A Notes shall e rated at last by two of hc Relevant Rating Agencies and!
(is) the issuance of he Class A Notes docs noL result in hc downgrade or withdrawal
by the Relevant Rating Agencies of the den current rating of outstanding Class A.
Notes:

(0 as applicable, () the Class B Notes of he new Noto Series to be issued as th case
may be) arc rated at leas by two of the Relevant Rating Agencies and () any Class
1 Notes are outstanding, (a) the Class B Notes of he new Note Series are assigned!
preliminarily st least the then curent muing of the outstanding Class B Notes by the
Relevant Rating Agencies and (b) the issuanos of the Class B Notes of the new Note
Series docs mot result án the dowgnade or withdrawal by the Relevant Rating.
Agencies of hen corten rating of th outstanding Class B Notes;

(8) if Class C Notes oh new Note Seres are Rated Notes, the Class C Notes of the
mew Noto Seres o be issued (as the case muy be) ar rated at least by one of the
Relevant Rating Agencies;

29


(h) the Class A Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or underwrite or purchase
tb Class A Notes of such Note Series pursuant to a Class A Notes Subscription
Agreement on or prior the Issue Date;

(0 Fany, the Class B Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or underwrte or
purchase the Class B3 Notes (any) of such Note Series pursuant o a Class B Notes
Subscription Agreement on or prior the sue Date; and

6) the Class C Notes Subscribers have agree to subscribe for ar underwear purchase
the Class C Notes of such Note Series pursuant to a Class C Notes Subscription
Agreement on or prior the Issue Date

“General Reserve Amount" means, at any dao, hc credit balance of the General Reserve.

“General Reserve Decrease Amount” means the amount calculated us described in section
3437 of the Additional Building Block.

:eneral Reserve Increase Amount” mcans, on any Isue Date during the Programme
Revolving Period when a new Note Series is issued, the amount hat the Seller sal credit 19
le Treasury Account in order to increase the credit balance of the General Reserve up to the
General Reserve Required Amosnt as determined by the Management Company.

jeneral. Reserve Interest Amount” means wilh respect to the General. Reserve
Subordinaed Paciliy an amount calculated on the basis of an annual interest rat, which will
he EURIBOR for one (1) Month + 1%, payable on cach Payment Date subject to the
“applicable Priority of Payments The interest rate cannot be lower than 0%.

“General Reserve Replenishment Amount” means, on any Payment Date when no new
Noke Series is issued, the amount cqual to the difference (positive) hotwen (1) he General
Reserve Required Amount as of such Payment Dat and (ió) the then current credit balance of
the General Reserve.

¡encral Reserve Required Amount” means on any Payment Date the sum of:

(a) the Class A General Reserve Required Amount and

(b) — the Class B General Reserve Required Amount

:eneral Reserve Shortfal Amount” means, in respec of cach Payment Date, the amount
«calculated s described in setion 3.4.7 of hc Adáitional Building Block.

sencral Reserve Subordinated Facility" means the credit facility granted under the
¡General Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement

“General Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement” means the credit facility agreement
dated 19 of July 2017 and made between the Fund, represented by the Management Company
“and the General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider

su


“General Tax Regulations" means the General Regulations regarding tax management and
inspection coursos of action and procedares and developing the common rules of tax.
application procedures, passed by Royal Decree 1065/2007, 027 July (Reglamento General
de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión « inspección ribuaria y de desarrollo de
las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tribuos, aprobado por el
Real Decreto 1065/2007, de 27 de juli).

lobal Coordinator” ncans the global coordinatr specfid in any Issuing Document with
espect o he issue and the placement of a Note Seics

lossary of Terms" means this glossary including Ihc defined terms used in this Base
Prospectas,

ans the Guidelin of he European Central Bank, of 20 September 2011, on
monctay policy instruments and procedures of he Eurosystem (recas) (ECB/2011/14) as
“amended and aplicable from time to time.

ledged Notes” nucans the Notes of a Class of Notes hodged by th enteing into a Hedging
Agreement

“Hedging Agreement” means:
(2) amy Class A Hedging Agreement
(0) — amy Class B Hedging Agreement andior
(e) — amy Class Hedging Agreement

“Hedging Collateral Account Priority ol Payments" mcuns Ahe priority of payments
“applicable to payments debito and made by the Fund fom the Hed

(including in relaion to the payment of the Hedging Senior Termination Payment, the
Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment and the Replacement Hedging Premium).

E Collatral Accounts

“Hedging Collateral Account Surplus" means the surplus remaining (if any) in any
Hedging Collateal Account following satisfaction in fall of al amownts owing to the
relevant outgoing Hedging Counterpany, in accordance with the Hedging Collateral Account
Priority of Payments.

“Hedging Collateral Accounts" means, wi respect to the Notes of any Note Series and
with respect to any Hedging Counterpaty the hedging collateral accounts held and
maintained with the Isuer Accounts Bank on which will be credited (5) the colateral, in the
form of cash or securitis, which is required to be trnsfered by any Hedging Counterparty in
favour of the Fund pursuant to the terms of he applicable Hedging Agreement; () any
interest, distribution thercon and liquidaion proceeds on or of such collateal: (si) any
Hedging Counterpany Termination Amounts; and (v) any Replacement Hedging Premium

31


paid by a replacement hedging counterpaty to the Fund. The Hedging Collateral Accounts
may comprise a cash collteral account (he Hedging Collateral Cash Account) and a
securitiscollateal accowut, (he Hedging Collteral Securitics Account).

*Hedging Counterparty” means th entity specific in any Isuing Document with respecto
hc issue of a Note Seres with Class A Floating Rate Notes and/or Class B Floating Rate
Notes andor Class C Fluting Rate Notes 7wbich interest rate is hedged with Hedging.
Agreement

cdging Coumterparty Required Ratings” cons, it espec to the Eigble Hedging
Counerpany (or any sucesor or eligbl replacemer or guano), he required ratings of
such Hedging Coumerpany, as specific in any Issting Document wi respeto th isue of
Floatng Rate Notes of any Note Series

icáging Counterparty Termination Amount” means, with respect to a Hedging
Agreement, on any dat, hc aggregate of the carly termination amount due and payable by
tc relevant Medging Coumterpany to Ahe Fund as a result of an Esent of Default or a
Termination Event (in cach case as defined ¡nh relevant Hedging Agreement)

“Hedging Counterparty Termination Amount Surplus” means on any dat fora relevant
Hedging Agreement the surplus between th Hedging Counterparty Termination Amount and!
any Replacement Hedging Premium which shall be paid to any replacement hedging
csunterpaty ostsido th Priority of Payments

“Hedging Net Amount” means, with respect to any Hedging Agreement, the positive
diference corresponding to the netting of () any amount to be paid by the Fund to any
Hedging Counterpary under any Hedging Agreement and () any amount to be paid by any
Hedging Counterpary (or any guarantr) to the Fund under such Hodging Agreement, so that
Abe relevant paty vil only pay to the or par the nt amount (if positive) resulting from
such netting. For the avoidance of doubt, any (a) Hedging Counterpay Termination Amount,
Hedging Senior Termination Payment, Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment, or (1)
collaeral transfered by a Hedging Counterpany prior to the occurtence of an carl
terminacion date under the relevant Hedging Agreement shull not be included in the
calculation of Hedging Net Amount,

“Hedging Senior Termination Payment" means in rlstion to any Hedging Agreement the
sum of any termination payments due and payable by the Fund to the relevant Eligible
Hedging Cownterparty under such Hedging Agreement other han asa resul of the accurence
fa) an Event of Default or (b) a Termination Exent (in cach case a) and (b) as defined in
he relevant Hedging Agreement), where the Eligible Hedging Counerpany is not the
Detailting Party or the Alfected Pany, as applicable (in cach case as defined in the relevant
Hedging Agreement).

se


“Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment” means in relation to any Hedging
Agreement, hc sumo any termination payments due and ayable by the Fund to the relevant
Eligible Hedging Counterparty under such Hedging Agreement as a result o the occurrence
(a) an Exent of Default or (9) a Termination Event (other than a Tax Event or llegaliy) Gn
each case (a) and (b) as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) where the Eligible
Heáging Counter is the Defaulting Party or the Alíected Party, as applicable (in cach
ase as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement)

“IBERCLEAR” means the entity “Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro,
Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A.”

legality" has the meaning acribed in he relevant Hedging Agreement

“Ineligible Credit Card" means a Purchased Reccivable of which has been (or will be)
subject 10 an amendment, variation or waiver not miigated by the payment of a Seller
Dilution in accordance with section 33.110 (6), and elected to be repurchased by the Seller
in accordance with section 331.10 (6).

“Initial Expenses” means the estimate o he initial expenses icurred in the incorporation of
lc Fund and disclosed in section 6.1 the Securiis Noto

tal Note Series Issuance Cons

ions Precedent:

(a) the Class A Notes of the Note Seris to be issued are assigned a peliminary rating o
“AA (5) and "AA+ sf” respectively by DBRS and Fitch; and.

(b) the Class A Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or underrite or purchase
the Class A Notes of such Note Series pursuant to a Class A Notes Subscription
Agreement on or prior the Issue Date

(6) the Class C Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or underwrite or purchase
the Class C Notes of such Note Series pursuant to a Class C Notes Subscription
Agreement on or prior the Issue Date

“Initial Principal Amount” means, wit respect to cach Clas of Notes of any Note Seres,
Ae principal amount of such Class of Notes om tir Isue Date.

“Initial Transfer” means, with respect to any Eliible Reccivable deriving from a Credit
Card Agreement which has not already ben the subject of an Initial Transfer, the initial
transfer of any Eligble Reccivable desiving from such Credit Card Agreement by th Seller
o the Fund,

“Insolveney Law" means Law 22/2003, f 9 July, on Insolvency (Ley 222003, de 9 de julio
Ley Concursal.

“Imsolveney Event” means, wilh respect to any entity, a declarstion of inolvency
(declaración de concurso) (or any analogows procedure in any jurisictin) in respec thereo,

su


“Instalment” means with respect to cach Credit Card Agreement and on any Instalment Due
Date, the scheduled and unscheduled (in cas of any prepaymen or amicable recovery which
are paid by th relevant Borrower o the Seller with a direct debit on the basis of a mutual
agreement betvcen the Seller and such Borrower) amount of principal and interest due and
payable (which is a least equal o the Minimum Due) on such dat, in accordance with the
terms of he Credit Card Agreement

*Instalment Due Date” means, with respec to cach Credit Card Agreement, the monthly
date as agrecd between he Seller or the Servicr, as the case may be, and the Borrower from
time to time, on which payment of principal and interes is due and payable.

“Insurance Indermnifications” means any amount payable 10 the Seller under any Insurance
Policies entecd into by the relevant Borrower in connection with any Credit Card Agreement

Insurance Policies” means the optional insurance policies entered into by the Borowers in
connection with any Credit Card Agreement in respect of which the Seller has ben, and

remains, designated as “heneficisry” (beneficiario).

“Insurance Premia” means the insurance premia payable to the Insurance Companies in
«onnection with Purchased Reccivables

“Interest Accrual Period” mens cach of the consceutive interest accrual periods applicable
to the relevant Subordinated Facility comprisng the days clfectivly clapsed between cach
Payment Date, including in cach Interest Accrual Period the initial Payment Date and
excluding the final Payment Date

“Interest Determination Date” with respect to any Floating Rate Notes and in rlstion o an
Interest Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Issuing Document or, if none ás 50
specific, two (2) Busines Days before the date on which such Interes Period begins

“Interest Period” means wit respos o all Classes of Notes of any Note Series any period
beginning on (and including) the previous Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) such
Payment Date, save fr he first Interes Period of any Note Seics which shall begin on (and:
include), as applicable, the Disbursement Date of such Note Series and shall end on (but
exclude) he ist Payment Date specificd in the relevant Issuing Document

“Interest Rate" means th rate or rates (including, for the avoidance of doubx, any Relevant
Margin, Step-up Interest Rate or Step-up Margin) expressed as a percentage per year of
interest payabl in respect of any Notes issued under ho Programme specificd in he relevant
Issuing Document or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of section
4.7 of the Securiics Note ando the relevant Issuing Document

“Interest Shortall Priority of Payments” set out in section 3472 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

“Intermoney Tiulización” means Incrmoney Titulación, S.G.E.T.. SA

su


“Investor Available Amortisaion Amount” mesas on any Calculation Date during the
Programme Revolving Period and he Programme Amortisation Period, the sum of the Note
Series 20xx-yy Total Available Amortisation Amount of sll Note Series

“Irrevocable Power of Attorney" means the irrevocable power of attoney granted by the
Servicerinfavour of Ihc Management Company, acting in the name of the Fund, in relation o
he Pledge in order to ensure compliance widh the underiakings assumed by vinuc of the
Colistions Account Security Document

“IRSs" mens interest ate swap transaction.

“ISDA Credit Support Anmex" mans the schedule and the credit support annex lo the
ISDA Master Agreement

“ISDA Master Agreement” means the master nting agreement in tho form of the 2002
ISDA Master Agreement (Mulicumency-Cross Border), as published by the International
Siwaps and Derivatives Association, Inc

“Issue Date” means (6) wi respect to the fist Note Series issued by the Fund, the Fund
Incorporation Date and (ú) for any other Note Series issued by the Fund during the
Programme Revolving Period, five (5) business days before a Payment Dat,

Lssuer” means the Fund,

“Issuer Accounts” means th following accounts of the Pund:() the Treasury Account and
ing Commterpart.

(is) any Hediging Collaeral Account in relation o any Eliible Hoc

“Issue Accounts Bank” means Banco Santander, S.A. or, if the appointment of Banco
Santander, S.A. is terminated, such other bank as appointed by he Management Company.

“Issuer Accounts Bank Substituion Requirements":

(a) The New lsuer Accounts Bank
60 is a credit insiaion duly autorised to provide banking sevics in Spain;
and
6) isan ElgibleInsituion having t las the Accounts Bank Required Ratings:
(b) th Relevant Rating Agencies shall have been given notice of such substtuion and!

such substituion shall not ena the downgrade or withdrawal of any of the ratings
tien assigned by the Relevant Rating Agencies to he Notes; and

(6) such substituiom is made in compliance wih hc then applicable laws and regulations

“Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Event” means any of the events described in section
34.54 of the Additional Building Block.



“Issuer Operating Expenses" means the Ordinary Expensos and the Extesrdinary Expenses

“Issuing Document” cach document executed by the Management Company, for and on
behalf of he Fund, whereby the issuance of Notes of the succesive Notes Series will be
insrumented, including, cach Final Termas and cach Decd o Issue.

“Joint Lead Manager" means the ctty designatd in the Final Terms of cach of he isues
o perform such functions

“Judgment” means the Judgment 628/2015 ol 25 November issued by the Spanish Supreme
Count.

Law S/2015" means Law 5/2015, 0127 April, on the Business Financing Promotion,

aw 10/2014" means Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on regulation, supervision and solvency of
eredit insitutions (Ley 10014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de
entidades de rédio).

“Law 16/2011" means Law 16/2011, of 24 June, on Consumer Credit Contracts (Ley
16/2011, de 24 de junio, de contratos de crédito al consumo).

saw 27/2014" means Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on Corporate Income Tax.
“Law of Repression of Usury” means Ley de 23 de julio de 1908, de la Usura.

“Legistativo Royal Decree 4/2015" or the "Securities Market Law “mcons Legislativo
Royal Decres 4/2015, dated 23 October, approving the consolidated text of the Securtics
Market Lave

“Management Company" mens ntermoney Tituización. S.G.ET.. S.A.

“Management Report” imcans the management report prepared by the Management
Company

“Margin" means the margins applicable to th Floating Rate Notes and which shall e.
pecificd in the applicable Issuing Document

“Master Receivables Sale and Purchase Agreement” mcans the master reccivables sal and
purchase agreement dated 194 of July 2017 and made between the Management Company
and to Seller

“Master Servicer” means th Management Company as master service of the Purchased
Reccivables pursuant to article 26.1 0 Law /2015,

306


Maximum Addition Amount means, with respect to the ofer of he Reccivables to he sold
and transtored by th Seller to th Fund in the context of Initial Transfrs (only), hc criteria
which is satisfied if, om any applicable Purchase Date during the Programme Revolving
Period (see period exception below) and the Programme Amortisaion Period and after 31
December 2017 the following condition is satisfied:

A is equal o, or ess than, the product of and C*, where:

A" is cqual to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of new Eligible Reccivables
transfered in the contes of Initial Transirs since the Reference Purchase Date, including
th Outstanding Principal Balance of Eligible Reccivable to be transcrrd in the context of
Initial Transfers on said Purchase Date

4 is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of outstanding Purchased
Reccivables as of the Reference Purchase Date:

40?" is equal to 25 per cent (25%) fr any other percentage olherwiso specified in the last
Prospectus Supplement)

Esceptionaly, the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of new Eligible Receivables
iransfered in the context of Initial Transers to be transfermed by the Seller to the Fund
between 1 August 2017 and 31 December, 2017 shall not xcccd 700 million Euros.

For these purposes Reference Purchase Date means th dae which ás closet to the
applicable Purchase Date among the following:

the immediately following Purchase Date aftr the 31 December, 2017;
the Purchase Date tha occurs 12 months before the applicable Purchase Dat;

the Purchase Date immediately following the date on which the Relevant Rating Agencies
have confirmed hat the sale and transfer of Reccivables on such Purchase Date will not result
in a downgrade or widrawal old then curtent ratings of the Notes by the Relevant Rating
Agencie, provided that this Purchase Date would be only be taken into account wber the
Fund has requested confirmation of the ruings of the Rated Notes by the Relevant Rating
Agencies o exceod tho Maximum Adition Amount on a Purchase Date in the past,

“Maximum Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Amount” means the total
amount of the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility wbich shall be EUR
30.000.000.0 fas such amount may be varied from timo 10 timo)

“Maximum Expenses Subordinated Facility Amount” means the total amount of the
Expenses Subordinated Facility which shall be EUR 1,100,000 (as such amount may De:
varied from time to time).

30


“Maximum General Reserve Subordinated Paclity Amount” means th total amount of
lie General Reserve Subordinated Facility which shall be EUR 5413200 (as such amount
may be vario from timo to time).

Nowwitstanding the above, the General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider undertakes
to, and the Management Company, acting in he name and on behalf of the Fund, agrees 10,
increase th Maximum General Reserve Subordinsted Facility Amount to the extent require
in order to make avalable any amounts required to fund any General Reservo Increase
Amount in the context of he issue of fuer Note Series approved by the Seller doring the
Programme Revolving Period, being specified that such increase shall be made wihout the
ed to obtain the prior consent from the Notcholders or any other funders of th Fund.

“Maximum Interest Rate” means, wit respect to any Floating Rate Notes of any Note
Series, the maximum interest rate, íf applicable, as specified in the relevant Issuing
Document

“Maximum Outstanding Balance of the Programme" mcans the maximum aggregate
Outstanding Principal Balance of sll Note Series from time to lime outstanding under the
Programm, which as of the dee of this Base Prospectus must not excced EUR three billion
(€3.000,000.000). The issue of any Noe Series shall not result in the Maximum Outstanding
Balance of the Programme being exceeded,

“Maximum Portfolio Amount” mcans, at any given time, hc Ouistanding Principal Balance

fte Reccivablestranfered 10 he Fund which shal! nt excced EUR 4,000,000.00.

“Maximum Seller Interest Credit Fs
Interest Facility which sh
time)

(y Amount” means the total amount of the Seller
be EUR 500.000.000 (as such amount may be varid from timo to

“Minimum Duc” mesos an established minimum momhly amortization amownt for all
Borroners.

imum Interest Rate” means, with respect to any Floating Rate Notes of any Note
Series, the minimum interest ate, f' applicable, as specificd in the applicable Issuing
Document

“Minimum Portfolio Amount" mesns an amount as determined by the Management
Company on any Determination Date and equal to the product of

(a) the theoretical Principal Amount Outstanding of all Note Series as of the Payment
Date immedistely following such Determination Date (taking into account any
redemption or issuance of Noto Seres to be made betucen on or before the next
Payment Date that would have been communicated to the Management Company on.
or before such date), and

se.


(6) — thesumof

6 oneand

(io the applicable Required Seller Share on he Determination Date

“Minimum Portfolio Amount Condition” means the condition that shall be decmed to have
cen satisfied om any Calculaion Date during th Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortisaton Period ifhe Minimum Portfolio Amount lower than:

(a) — the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchased Receivables (excluding any
Non-Compliant Reccivables) under the Performing Credit Cards as of the
immediately prior Cu-O1f Date to such Calcuation Dat; plus

(b) — the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchased Reccivables transfered in the
context oÉ Initial Transfers on the Purchase Date prior to the Calculation Date
(included); minus

(c) the Outstanding Principal Balances of any outstanding Purchased Receivables (other
than those deriving from Defaulted Credit Cards or Non-Compliant Credit Cards)
repurchased by th Seller on such Calculation Date.

“Minimum Purchase Amount” means on, any Determination Date during the Programme
Revolving Periad, he amount recorded by the Management Company in respect of the
agregate of Outstanding Principal Balances of hc Reccivables o be purchased by the Fund.
if any, on the Purchase Date following such Determination Date, but only in the context of
Initial Transfrs, and equal o he positive difference between:

(a) the Minimum Portfolio Amount and

(b) the Outstanding Principal Balances of all Purchased Reccivables(excluding any Non-
Complian Reccivables) latin to all Performing Credit Cards as at the Cut-O1f Date
immediately preceding such Determination Dat, less any contemplated sepurchase of
Purchased Reccivables by tho Seller with respect to Credit Cards otr than Non-
Compliant Credit Cards and Defuled Credit Cards, which would have bon
communicate by he Selleron such Determination Dat).

“Monthly Amortisation Amount" means, with respect o the Class A Notes, the Class
Notes and ihe Class C Notes oP al Note Series and hc elevan Priority of Payments:

(a) the Class A Notes Monihly Amortiation Amount
(b) the Class B Notes Monthly Amortiation Amount; andíor

(6) the Class C Notes Monthly Amortiation Amount

sw


“Monthly Billing Period" means the monthly biling periods or payment cycle on which the
Drasvings under the Credit Card Agreement are accownted for, which starts o the twenty first
(2151) day of cach calendar month and ends on the twenticih (201h) day of the following
calendar month and is rferrd to in the Credit Card Agrecments as “illing period” (periado
de liquidación)

“Monthly Interest Amount” means, with respect to the Class A Notes, the Class B Nos
“nd the Class C Notes of al Note Seics and the relevant Priority of Payments:

(a) the Class A Notes Monthly Interest Amosnt
(6) the Class B Notes Monthly Interest Amount; and/or
(6) the Class C Notes Monthly Interest Amount

“Monthly Hedging Net Amount” means, with respec to all Classes of Notes of ll Note
¡Series and th elevan Priority of Payments

(a) — the Class A Monthly Hedging Net Amounts
(b) — the Class B Momhly Hedging Net Amounts; and/or
(<) the Class C Momhly Hedging Net Amounts

“Monthly Prepayment Rate” mcans as calculated in respect of each Calculation Date, the
ratio between:

(a) the Prepaid Amownt collected on the Performing Purchased Reccivables during the
Collection Period immedistely preceding such Calculation Date; and!

(b) the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Performing Purchased Receivable as of the
second immediately preceding Cut-01 Dat,

“Monthly Reporting Date” means the fis (1s) calendar day o cach month, and where such
day is nota Business Day; the Business Day immediately thercafier on or before which the
Servicer shall provide the Management Company with the Mombhly Servicor Report with
respect to the preceding Collection Period, For clarifcaion purposes, the first Monthly
Reporting Date after he Fund Incorporaion Date will be 1 of August 2017.

“Monthly Servicer Report" means cach computer file esublshed by the Servicer and
supplicd by it on cach relevant Mombly Reporting Date to the Management Company. The
Monthly Servicer Report will detsil on a loan<by-loam basis all cash flows related to the
Purchased Reccivables during he previous Collection Period.

asu


“New Credit Card Agrcement Purchase Report" means the electronic files with account
by account information related to the selected Eliible Reccivables with respect to the
information available on the applicable Selection Date delivered by the Sc
Management Company om th Selection Date in he contes of Initial Transfers

ler to the

“New Issuer Accounts Bank" means th now Funds accounts bank appointed by the
Management Company upon recciving an carl termination notice by the Issuer Accounts
Bank.

lew Paying Agent” means th new Funds paying agent appointed by the Management
Company upon receiving an catytcrmination notice by th Paying Agent

“Non-Compliant Credit Card" means a Credit Card composed in par or in full of Non-
Complian Reccivable(s and which is notan Ineigible Credit Card.

“Non-Compliant Receivable” means any Purchased Reccivable which docs no comply with
hc Eligibiliy Criteria om ts relevant Purchase Dato

“Non-Compliant Repurchase Amount" means an amount payable by the Seller equal to:

(a) the hen aggregate Oustanding Principal Balance of cach Non-Complian Reccivable
and any other ouistanding Purchascd Receivables arisen from the sam Credit Card
Agreement plas

(0) — amy accrued and unpaid outstanding interest ihercon until (but excluding) the
Esicctive Repurchase Date,

sf such Effective Repurchase Date. Payment will be cfcctod on he immedintely following
Calculation Dat,

“Non<Curable Event” means:

(a) — amy breach by the Servicer of is obligations Lo transfer monies Lo Ihe Treasury
Account on th Business Day following the date on which such monies ae reccived
by ho Sellr (except if the breach s due to force majcure.

(0) subject to (a) above, any breach by the Servicer of any of lis monctry obligations
when due under any Programme Document o which isa paty (except ifthebreach
is dueto force majcure).

(6) the occurrence of any of he following events in respec the Service:

(6) Tie Service is unable o admits inabiliy to pay ts debi as hy fall due,
suspends making payments on any of ts debts or by reason of actual or
amicipated financial dificulis, commences negotstions with one or more
fits creditors wáth a view to reschedaling amy ol ts indebtedness.



(Except s provided telow, any corporate action, legal procecdings or olhor
procedure or steps taken n relation to:

(A) a declartion of insolvency (concurso), winding up, intervention,
disolusio, administration or reorganiation (by way of voluntary
arangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of the Servicer

(8) the appointmentof a liquidaor, administrator (judicial or otherwise)
compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of the
Servicer or any of ts assets

(C) the revocation, wildrawal or suspension by the Bank of Spain of
the licens of the Servicer as financial institution or the taking of
any disciplinry, resolution, recapitalisation or recovery action
against the Servicer pursuant to egisation implementing Directivo
2014/SO/EU of the Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014.
in any jurisdicion which has a material negative effect om the
abiliy of ihe Seevicer to perform its obligations under any
Programme Document: or

(D) any analogous procedure or sep's taken in any juisicton,

provided however hat no such event wowld have occurred if any petition is frivolows
or veratious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed within 30 days of

dá) atany time () itisor becomes unlawul for the Servcerto perform or comply with any oral
f ts material obligations under the Servicing Agreement or (li) any or ll of ls material
bligations under the Servicing Agreement are not, or cease to be legal, valid and binding
“ncluding asa result of any act, omission, failure, default or misconduct of the Service)

“Non-Direct Debit Payment” means, on any Calculaion Date, in respect oPthe Collection
Period immediately preceding such Calculation Date, the aggregato of the non-diect debit
payments effecively paid with respect of the Performing Credit Cards in relation to the
relevant Collection Period.

Von-Purchased Receivables” means, in respect of a Credit Card Agreement from which
rise any Purchased Reccivable(s), any outstanding reccivable(s) under such Credit Card
Agreement which are not Purchased Reccivables.

“Noteholder” means holder of Note issued by the Fund.

“Notes” means the Class A Notes the Class Notes nd the Class C Nos.

352


“Notes Final Legal Maturity Date” or “Note Series 20:x-yy Final Legal Maturity Date”
means, with respec to any No Serie, unless previously redeemed in full, the Payment Dato
specified in he applicable Issuing Document wbere th al ihe Principal Amount Outstanding
fte Notes vil be due and pasable.

“Notes Interest Amount” mcans, indistiniively, the Class A Notes Month Interest
Amount the Class Notes Monthly Interest Amount and the Class C Notes Monthly Interest
Amount,

ote Series” means, in respect of he Class A Notes, the Class Notes (if any) and the
Class C Notes issued on he same Issue Date any serios of Notes issued by the Fund on such
Issue Date.

“Note Series Amortistion Period” or “Note Series 20x-yy Amortisation Period” means.
with respect 10 any Note Series, the period which stars from (and including) the relevant
Amorisation Starting Date and which ends at the carlir (included) of 1) the Payment Date
on wbich the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of such Not Seres shall be reduced
to zero (0), i) the Fund Liquidation Date and (ii) hc Notes Final Legal Maturiy Date of
such Note Series,

ote Series Issue Expenses” or “Note Series 20xx-yy Issue Expenses” mean any expenses
incurred in connection with the issue of the Notes of any Notes Series (including the
exccution and fling of any Issuing Document and any fees and costs payabl in connection
hcrewih ic. CNMV, IBERCLEAR, AJAF, Rating Agency fees legal fees, etc

lote Series Non-Amortisation Period” or “Note Series 20xx-yy Non-Amortisation
Period” means, with respect to any Noto Series, the period which stats on he relevant Issue
Date and which ends on the relevant Amortsation Starting Date (excluded),

ote Series Notcholders” or “Noteholders" means, with respec to any Note Series, the
Class A Noteholders, the Class 1 Noteholdes and ho Class C Notcholders.

“Note Series 20xx3y Available Amortisation Amount" mucans, during the Programme
Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisaion Period:

(a) with respecto any Calculation Date falling before the Calculaion Date immediately
preceding is Amortisaton Starting Date: zero (0) and

(b) — with respect to any Calculaion Date falling on or after the Calculation Date
immediately preceding its Amortisation String Date, the product between:

6) the Note Series 20%x-yy Principal Ratio on such Calculation Date; and!

Gi) the Available Amontisation Amount on such Calculation Date.

ES


“Note Serios 20xx-yy Available Purchase Amount" means on cach Calculation Date:
(a) duringrhe Programme Revolving Period:

(6) wit respect 0 any Calculaion Date faling before the Calculation Date
immediately preceding he Amortisation String Date of such Note Series
20%1-y7, he product between:

(A) the Note Series 20:x-yy Principal Ratio on such Calculaion Dates

and
(8) — the Available Amoniation Amount on such Calculation Date;
(io with respect to any Calculasion Date faling on or after the Calculation Dato

immediately preceding he Amortisation String Date of such Note Series
20-37, zero (0)

(6) — during the Programme Amortisaion Period and the Programme Acceleated
Amorisation Period, zero (0).

Serios 20xx-3y Call Date" means, vih respect to the Note Series 20%x-33, any call
date (which is a Payment Date) specificd in the applicable Iscuing Document. Any Note
Series may have one or several Note Series 20xx-yy Call Dates) which can be successive or

“Note Series 20xx-3y Call Date Condi

(a) the Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is not in debit on the Calculation Date
preceding the Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date alter he application of the Interes
Priority of Payments:

(b) the prior Sellers Optional Early Redemption Writen Instruction has been given by
the Seller to the Management Company within at east thinty (30) calendar days.
Before any applicable Note Series 20xx-yy Call Dat indicating

6) lisimtetion to exercise ts option; and.

(tte mean by which such redempúion has o be instrumented (according to the
various options described in point (c) below; and:

(6) the Fundis able pay the relevant carly redemption amounts (as well as any amount
ranking prior tereto or paí passuthcrewlh) by means of

66) during the Programme Revolving Period, th issuanos of a now Note Series

o be subscribed for by any Class A Notes Subscribers, any Class B Notes
Subscribers and any Class C Notes Subscribers provided that such now Notes

ase


Series are mot terminsted in accordance with section 442.1 af the
Registration Document and/or

(i) during the Programme Revolving Period hc drauidown of the Seller Interest
Credit Facility to be crodited to the Treasury Account at least on the
corresponding Seulement Date; ando

(ii) during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortiation
Peri, he exercise by th Seller of lts option to repurchase certain Purchased!
Reccivables as so out with section 331.12 of the Additional Building Block.

“Note Serios 20xx-yy Call Amount” means, ona Payment Date and with respet to any Note
Series20xx-yy, an amount equal to the positive diference between:

(a) — the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note Series 20xx-yy on such Payment
Dates

(6) — the Note Series 20xxyy Available Amoriation Amount with respect lo such
Payment Date subject ts a Payment Dat for ho Not Series)

“Note Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Amount" means, on a Payment Date and in respec of
li Note Series 2041-33; an amount equal to the positive difference between:

(a) the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note Series 20xx-yy on Ihe immediately
preceding Payment Date; and

(6) — the Note Series 20xxyy Available Amoriation Amount with respect lo such
Payment Date.

ote Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Condition" means, on any Payment Date during the
Programme Revolving Period and Programme Amortsation Period and in respect of any Note.

Series 20xx-y, he condition that is satisfied

(a) — the Seller has notified through the relevant Sellers Optional Early Redemption
Writen Instruction to the Management Company al least thiny (30) calendar days.
before such Payment Date of

6) lisimtetion to exercise ts option; and.

(io tte mean by which such redempúion has to be instrumented (according to the
various options described in pont (b) below and.

(b) the Fundis able pay the relevant carly redemption amounts (as well as any amount
ranking price tereto or pará passuthcrewlh) by means of

6) during the Programme Revolving Period, th issuance of a new Note Serios
o be subscribed for by any Class A Notes Subscribers, ny Class B Notes

ES


Subscribers and any Class C Notes Subscribers provided that such new Notes
Series are mot terminsted in accordance with section 442.1 af aho
Registration Document andlor

(i) during the Programme Revolving Period hc drauidown of the Seller Interest
Credit Faciliyy to be crodited to the Treasury Account at least on the
Settlement Date preceding such Payment Date; ando

(Gi) during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation
Peri, he cxerise by th Seller of ls option to repurchase certain Purchased!
Reccivables as so ut with section 331.12 of the Additional Building Block.

(<) — omthe immediately preceding Payment Date the Principal Amount Outstanding of the
Note Series Z0xx-3y was les han:

(6) 10 percent. ofthe Note Series 20xx-3y Initial Principal Amount:
Gi) the Initial Principal Amount of the Class C20xx-3y Notes; and
(4) — the Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is not in debit on the Calculation Date

preceding the Note Series 20xx-3y Clean Up Call Date ate the application ol the
Interest Priority of Payments.

“Note Series 20xx-3y Clean-Up Call Date" means, in respect of any Note Series 20xx-yy,
the Payment Date on which the Note Seres 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Condition s satisfied and
any subsequent Payment Dat.

“Note Series 20xx-py Initial Principal Amount" mcans, with respect Lo any Note Series
201x-y3; the principal amount of the Class A Notes, hc Class B3 Notes (if ny) and he Class
(O Notes of such Note Series 20xx-yy om he relevant Issue Dat,

ote Series 20xx-yy Issue Amount" means, in respect of he Class A20xx-yy Notes, the
Class B20xcyy Notes (if any) and the Class C20xx-3y Notes of any Note Series, the
agregate principal amount of such Notes on such Issue Date.

“Note Series 20xx-yy Principal Ratio” means, on ca Calculaion Date, with respecto any
outstanding Note Seris, the percentage equal to (which percentago shall never exceed 100
percent.

(a) duringrhe Programme Revolving Period:
6) the Note Series 20%: Initial Principal Amount; divided by
(Gi) the aggregate ofthe Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounts of all the

lie outstanding Note Series mulliplic by th sum of () 1 and (3) the
Resqired Seller Share; and

356


(6) duringhe Programme Amortisation Period:
6) the Note Series 20%: Initial Principal Amount; divided by

(io the aggregate of the Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounts of al the
hi outstanding Noe Series.

"hc sum of al Note Serios 20xx-yy Principal Ratios shall never be greater than 100 pe cet

“Note Series 20xx-3y Total Aval
Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period and in
espect ofa Note Seres 205x-yy, the sum of

ble Amortisation Amount” mesos, on any Calcolaion

(a) the Note Series 20xx-3y Available Amortisation Amount of such Note Series 20xx-
yuan

(0) followingrhe occurence o an Opúional Early Redemption Event
6) the Not Seres 20xx-yy Call Amount of such Note Series 20xx-y5 or
6) e Not Seres 20%x-3y ClcancUp Cal Amount of such Note Series 20xx3y.
“Notes Subscription Agreements" means
(a) amy Class ANotes Subscription Agreement:
(0) amy Class B Notes Subscription Agreement; and
(e) amy Class C Nones Subserprion Agreement

“Offer to Retransfer” has the mesning given to Ahis expression in section 44.4 of the
Registraion Document

“Operation Instructions Letter” means the operations instructions leter included in the
Colistions Account Security Document

“Optional Early Redemption Event" means, wih respect to ny Note Series, ciber

(a) the exercise of the optional redempúion of the relevant Note Series on the Note Series
20x-yy Call Date specific in the applicable Isuing Document; or

(b) the exercise of the optional redemplion of he relevant Note Seres on the applicable
Note Seres 20%x-3y Clean-Up Call Date.

“Ordinary Expenses” shall be those wbich are necessary for th regular operation of the
Fund that may or will accrue in the Fund. A list of the concepts included as Ordinary
Expenses cun be found in section 3.4.1. of the Additional Building Block.

357


“Outstanding Principal Balance” means

(a) imrespectof any Reccivables and on a given date, he total amount of principal which
is due by the Borrower on such date (taking into account as the case may be, any
principal amounts remaining unpaid increasing such total amount and any principal
“amountsprepaid decrasing such total amount); or, as he case may be,

(0) — imrespect of any Credit Card Agreement and on any given date: the result of the sum
ok: () total amount of principal which is due by the Borrower in respect of such
Credit Card Agreement, at he close of he immediately prior Monthly Billing Period,
plus () the sum of the Drawings made since the close of such Monthly Biling
Period, minus (1) any principal payments mado since the close of such Monthly
Billing Period.

Optional Repurchase Events" means any event set out in section 3.3.1.1 f the Additional
Eilding Block.

“Order” means the UK Financial Services and Markcts Acts 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005.

“Order EMA/SS37/2005" means Order EHAYSSI7/2005, of 10 November, on the
development of ancle 27.4 of Law 24/1993, of 28 July, on the Spanish Securities Market
Law

“Participant Entitics” means the relevant participants in IBERCLEAR,

Agent” means Banco Santander, S.A. in ts capacity as paying agent appoimted by
le Management Company in order to, amongst others, pay any interest amounts and
principal amounts due to the Noteholders, or such other entity as may be selected by the
Management Company on behalf of th Fund to at in ts place.

“Paying Agent Substitution Requirements”:

(2) The New Paying Agent
6) is a credit insiaion duly athorised to provide banking sevics in Spain:
and
6 isan Eligible Paying Agent
(9) the Relevant Rating Agencies shall have been given notice of such substtuion and!

such substtuion shall not ena the downgrade or withdrawal of any of the ratings
tien assigned by the Relevant Rating Agencies o he Notes; and

(6) such substituiom is made in compliance wih hc then applicable laws and regulations

ase


“Paying Agent Termination Event” means any of the events described in section 52.5 of
he Securitics Not.

xy ment Date" mans the dy falling on the 26th in cach month of each year (subject to the
Modified Following Business Day Convention) in which hc payment in relation to the Notes
“and any oxbor payments according to th Priority of Payments will take place.

“PDL Care Amounts" means the sum of) the Class A PDL Cure Amount, () he Class B
PDL Cure Amount and ió) the Residual PDL Cure Amount

“Performing Credit Card” means any Credit Card hor than a Defaulted Crit Card.

“Pledge" means the in ren vighis of pledge granted by WIZINK to the Fund in respect of all
sums dueto th Fund and deposite from time to time in the Collections Account (including
Ale imterestaccrued from tim to time on such amounts and all claims and rights of WIZINK
(as account holder) under the Collections Account Bank Agreement as security for the
Secured Obligations.

Potential Servicer Termination Event” meuns the accurrence af
(a) — a No Curable Event

(b) — a Curable Event which has ot been cure within five (5) Business Days of hc day on
which the Servicer has served th relevant notification to the Management Company
or, if cari, day on which the Management Company is aware of

“Prepaid Amount” means, on any Calculation Date, in respect of the Collection Period
immediately preceding such Calculation Date, the aggregate of the principal prepayments
eliectively paid with respect of the Performing Credit Cards in relation 10 he relevant
Collection Period.

“Principal Amount Outstanding” means, with respect to any Note and on any date, the
aggregat outstanding principal amount of such Note

“Principal Deficieney Ledger" has ihe mcaning given to that expression in section 3421
df the Adáitional Building Block

“Priority of Payments" means

(a) — duringrhe Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisaion Period:

6) the Interest Priority of Payments;
(io the Interest Shordall Priority of Payments; and!
(Gi) the Principal Priority of Payments

359


(b) — during the Programme Accelerated Amoriation Period, the Accelerated Priority of
Payments.

“Programme” mucans the EUR 3,000.000.000 ass backed deb issuance programme for the
issue of Note Series by the Fund.

“Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period” means the period which vil stat on the
Payment Date (inclusive) following the date on which an Accelerated Amortistion Event
Vsccurs and end on he carter o:

(a) the Payment Date on which all Notes are redccmed in fall or

(0) the Fund Liquidation Date.

“Programme Amortisation Period" means the period which vil:

(a) star on the Payment Date (inclusive) immediately following the occurrence of a
Revolving Termination Event

(b) — end on th Payment Date immediately folowing the occurrence of an Acceleated
Amonisation Event

“Programme Documents" means
(a) the Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement:

(b) — each Sale Offer Sale Acceptance, Repurchase Request and Offer to Retranser
(6) — theServicing Agreement;

(4) — any Hedging Agreement with respecto any Note Series:

(e) the Financial Agency Agreement:
(O the Notes Subscription Agreements:

(6) tte Commingling Reserve Subordinated Faciiy Agreement:
(o) tte Expenses SubordinatedFaciliy Agreement;

(0 the General Resere Sabordinated Facil Agreement; nd
6) the Seller neres Credit Facility Agreement

(4) te Collections Account Security Document: and

(D tte lrrevocablePowerof Attorney.

60


“Programme Parties” means:

(a) the Management Companys

(0) theSeller
(6) theSericer
(4) the Issuer Accounts Bank

(6) — the Paying Agent
(0 amy Class A Notes Subscribers
(6) amy Class B Notes Subscribers:

(0) amy Class C Notes Subscribers:

6) any Eligible Hodging Counterpaics and

0) amy her pary that may become a Programme Party in accordance vih the relevant
provisions of the corresponding Programme Documents.

“Programme Revolving Period” mans the period which will start on the Fund
Incorporation Date (included) and will terminate on the Payment Date (excluded)
immediately following he occurrence of () a Revolving Termination Event or (am
Accelerated Amoniation Event

*Prospectus Directive" mcans Directivo 2005/71/EC, as amended.

“Prospectus Supplement" mncans any supplement 10 the Base Prospectus prepared by the
Management Company in accordance with anicle 22 of Royal Decres 1310/2005. Additional
ctas on Prospectus Supplement can be found in scction 4.11.5 of the Securities Noe.

srchase Date" means as the cas may be in espec of any Reccivable

(a) inte context of Iniil Transfers he date of delivery by the Management Company
fte Sale Acceptance which shall occur on each Selection Date; nd

(0) imhe content of Additional Transfers, the fist Business Day after the Drawing Date
fte corresponding Reccivables

“Purchase Period" means with respect to Payment Dat:

(a) im the context of an Additional Transfer, th calendar month immediately preceding
such Payment Date, and!


(6) — in he contest of am initial transfer, he Purchase Date immediately preceding such
Payment Date.

“Purchase Price" means, on any Calculation Date and in respect of the Receivables
ransfered to the Fund on any Purchase Period immediately preceding such Calculation Date,
an amount equal to 100% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of such Eligble
Reccivable as of the applicable Effective Purchase Date

(a) om any Purchase Date, a Reccivable deriving from such Credit Card Agreement and
which has been sold by the Seller to the Fund pursuant o hc Master Reccivables Sale
and Purchase Agreement in Ahe context of an Initial Transfer or an Additional
Transfer and () which remains outstanding and (i) which has not been repurchased!
by ho Sellers ad

(6) om any date, the credit balance of the Credit Card Agrecment and from which all
Porchased Reccivables have arisen and representng the debt of the Borrower under
such Credit Card Agreement which has been transcrrd o he Fund on such date.

“Purchase Shortfall" means the fact that for the 6h consecutivo Payment Dates the
Unapplicd Revolving Amount standing a the Treasury Account excceds 15 per cent (15%)
df the agregate Principal Amown Outstanding of al Note Series on such date.

Tas oscumence of a Purchase Shortíall hall trigger he end of the Programme Revolving
Period and the commencement of the Programme Anmortsation Period.

“Rated Note" means any Note rated by te Relevant Rating Agencies speciicd in the
applicable Issuing Document of cach Note Seics, The Class A Notes and the Class B Notes
(úl any) of any Note Series shall always be Rated Notes. It is not obligaory that the Class C
Nous are Rated Notes

“Rating Agency" mcons any rating agency betwcen DBRS, Fitch or any other rating agency
registered and auhorisod by ESMA.

«ecivable” means any and al amounts due by the relevant Borrower under any Credit Card
Agreement

“Recovery Department” means the Seller's inshouse team dedicated to recover-related

“Reference Banks" mcans thc three (3) major banks in the curo-zono interbank market
selected by hc Paying Agent from time o time and if any such bank s unable or unwilling to
continue to act, such oxher bank as may be selected by hc Paying Agent on behalf of hc Fund
o actin its place,

terence Rat

shall o he EURIBOR for one (1) month.

36


“Reference Repurchase Price” means the Repurchase Price of the Purchased Receivables
forthe purposes of section 44.4 of he Registration Document

sistration Document” mans the registration document prepared in accordance with
“Annex VI of Regulation 809/2004.

gistry-Book” means the regisry-book of Notcholders kept by the Management Company
in cose ta any unlisted Notes are issued by the Fund where the Management Company shall
register the ownership of such unlisted Notes, a well as any in rem right created over hm.

:gulation 809/2004" mans Regulation (EC) NY. 809/2004 dated 29 April 2004, as
amended,

:gulation 1060/2009" nucans Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Par
“and the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies.

“Regulation S” means the regulation S under the Secwritis Act.

«Reimbursement Date" mans the Payment Date where a Note Series must be fully
redecmed (if such date is specified in the applicable Issuing Document). 1£ such Note
Serics Reimbursement Date arives and ho swuer decides to extend said dat subject to the
previous acceptance by the Noteholdrs, the Step-up Interest te should apply

“Release Notice” means the notice to be delivered by the Management Company (acting on
behalf of the Pund) to the Collections Account Bank whereby, amongst otbers, the Servicer
hall resume to be entild to give any debi o credit instruction in respect af he Collections
Account

“Relevant Implementation Date” mans the date on which the Prospectus Directivo is
implemented in the Relevant Member Site

levant Margía
pecificd in the relevant ssuing Document

cans, with respect any Floating Rate Notes, the applicable margin

levant Member State” means cach Member Stat of the Europcan Economic Arca which
as implemented the Prospectus Directive.

“Relevant Rating Agencies” means the Rating Agencies specific in the applicable Isuing
Document in respect of any Class of Notes of any Note Series outstanding at such time.

“Relevant Sercen Page" means the page, section or other part of particular information
service (including, without limittio, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the
relevant ssuing Document

“Replacement Servicer” means the replacement sevicer which will be appointed by the
Management Company after the occumence of Services Termination Event.

365


“Replacement Hedging Premium” means, in relaion to any Hedging Agreement, the
“amount that the Fund or a replacement hedging counterpary would be liable to pay o the
her pany to such Hedging Agreement if the Fund and such replacement hedging
esunterpaty entered into replacement hedging agreement furor to an carlytermination of
such Hedging Agreement

Repurchase Conditions Precedent" mcons:
(a) General conditions forall Optional Repurchase Events:

6) satisfaction of Mhe Minimum Portfolio Amount Condition as of te
Calculaion Date;

(io mo Fund Liquidation Event has occured; and!

(Gi) the Management Company is mot aware tt a Seller Exent of Default has
Vsccured and is continuing

(b) Specific conditions for the Optional Repurchase Event efered o in paragraph (d) of
section 3.1.1:

(6) such repurchase of the Contemplated Repurchased Receivables docs not
result in the occurence of a Revolving Termination Event (the Repurchaso
Date occurs during the Programme Revolving Period) or an Accelerated
Amorisaion Event (if the Repurchase Date occurs during the Programme
Revolving Period or the Programme Amortisation Period); and

Gi) on the relevant Calculation Date, he Management Company has determined!
lat he Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger will not be in dbit on th next
Payment Date ate the application f he Interest Priority of Payments

-purchase Date” means the date on which a Purchased Reccivable is sold by the Fund to
hc Seller and webich shall oscur on the Calculaion Date following cach Confirmation Dat.
(Om or prior such date, he Seller sal paid the Aggregate Repurchase Price to the Pund,

“Repurchase File” means the list of the corresponding Credit Card Agreements from which
lc Reccivables to be repurchased derive.

purchase Price” means:

(a) the purchase price of the Purchased Reccivables arising from a Credit Card
Agreement which has become, after any Purchase Date, an Ineligible Credit Card will
be equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance plus amy accrued and upaid
utstanding interest as at th Effective Repurchase Date;

(b) — the purchase price of the Purchascd Reccivables arsing from a Performing Credir
Card, a Defaulted Credit Card or a Delinquent Credit Card will be equal to the

264


Oststanding Principal Balance plus any accrued and umpaid outstanding imerest as
the Effective Repurchase Date; and!

(6) the purchase price of hc Purchased Reccivables which has become “Zero Balance
Credit Card" will be zero (0).

“Repurchase Request” means the repurchase writen request to be delivered by the Seller to
the Management Company to request the Fund to transor buck o the Seller any Purchased
Reccivabls.

“Repurchased Reccivable" means any Purchascd Reccivable which is repurchased by the
Seller.

“Required Seller Share” shall have the mesning st ut in scction 3.1.5 ote Addiional
Eilding Block.

“Residual Principal Deficieney Ledger" means the sub-ledger of the Principal Deficiency
Ledger established and maintained by the Management Company in respect of the Class C
Notes and the SICE Principal Amount Outstanding and which records certain amounts as
red or debit entries in accordance with hc terms of the Decd of Incorporaion.

“Revolving Termination Event" means the events described in section 3.13, of the
Additional Building Block

“Rejected Payments" means the ejected payments with respect 10 unpaid checks or rejcted
rt debits.

sk Factors” means the part ol his Base Prospcctus descrbing the main risk factors
associated with the isue,vith hc secuiic and with the assts backing the isues

“Royal Decree 116/1992" means Royal Decrec 116/1992, of 14 Februry, on the
representations of book entry and the clcaing and setlcment of stock market operations, as
amended,

“Royal Decree 878/2015" means Royal Decres 878/2015, of 2 October, on the clcring.
sctlement and registration f negotiable secuiis represented by book entrics representations
df book entry and hc clarin and setlement of stock market operations, as amended,

oyal Decre 1310/2015" means Royal Decree 1310/2005, of 4 November, party
developing th Law 24/1998, of 28 July, on the Spanish Securities Market Law in regard to
“admision to trading of sccuriics in official secondary markets, public offcrings for sale or
subscription ande prospectus required for that purpose, as amended,

“Royal Decree Law 5/2005" means Royal Decres Law S/2005 of 11 March. om urgent
reforms 1 encourage, among others, productivity and improve public procurement (Real
Decreto Ley S/2005, de 11 de marzo, de reformas urgentes para el impulso ala productividad
y para la mejora dela comratación pública),


“Sale Acceptance” means the acceptance to be sent by the Management Company 10 the
Seller on the same Parchase Date on which a Sale Offer is reccived by the Management
Company pursuant to the Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement

“Sale Offer” means an offer pursuant to wbich the Seller shall oferto ell Reccivables to the
Fund pursuant to the Master Reccivables Sale nd Purchase Agreement. Each ale Offer shall
e made on cach Purchase Date

“Scheduled. Amortisaion. Starting Date" or “Note Series 20xXyy Seheduled
Amortisation Starting Date" mcans, with respoetto any Note Seres the Payment Date on
vwbict the Notes of such Note Series shall star amortising on cach aplicable Payment Dat,
The Sehdaled Amomisation Staring Date shall be specificd in the applicable Isuing
Document for the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes

“Secured Obligations” means all payment bligaions of the Service to the Fund pursuant to
“and in relation o the Serving Agreement

“Securities Act” means United States Securitics Act of 1933, as amended,

“Securitics Not

* means the securiies note prepared in ccordance with Annex XII of
Regulation 809/2013.

“Securitised Portol
Balances of
Agreement

cas, on any date, the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal
¿outstanding Purchascd Reccivables related to the relevant Credit Card

election Date" means, during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme
Amorisation Period and vih respecto any Initial Transfer (only), a hc latest two Business
Days immediately following th relevant Determination Date. For claifcation purposes, the
First Selection Date after the Fund Incorporation Date will be 12 September 2017.

“Seller” means WIZINK BANK, S.A.

eller Dilutions” means the amount determined by the Management Company on the
Determination Date and equal to (5) he Dilutions due by the Seller to the Fund plus) wit
espect to Purchased Reccivablesrelating to Performing Credit Cards on. he indemnity to
be paid by the Seller in the excnt of a renegotition of any Purchased Receivabls (including
Ale case where such renegotition is made by WIZINK acting as the Servcer) equal to the
forgiveness of whole or part of any Outstanding Principal Balances of such Purehased
Reccivables Such amount shall be paid by the Seller to the Fund on or prior the Calcula
Date.

“Seller Event of Default” means the occurrence of any of the events described in section
33.12, of the Additional Building Block

366


“Seller Interest Credit Facility” means the credit fa
Credit Facility Agreement

yy amted under the Seller Interes

oler Interest Credit Facility Agreement” mcans the credit facility agreement dated 19 of
July 2017 and made between the Fund, represeted by the Management Company and the
Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider.

“Seller Interest Credit Facility Amortistion Amount” or “SICF Amortsation Amount”
means the amount calculated us described in section 3.4.4 of hc Additional Building Block.

oler Interest Credit Facility Drawing Amount" 0: “SICF Drawing Amount” means the
“amount that the Fund may request under the Seller Interest Credit Facility on tho Pund
Incorporation Date ta be made available on he Disbursement Date of the first Note Series
issued by the Fund Date for an amount of EUR 31,200,000, and hereaftr on any Calculation
Date o be made available on any Setlement Date calculated as described in section 34:44 of
tc Additional Building Block.

“Seller Share Interest Rate” means, on any Payment Date, he annual fxod interest rate
vwbich shall be calculated by he Management Company as follows:

(a) for so long as the Class A Notes of any Noe Seres are cutstanding, the average
interest rate af all Class A Notes which are outstanding as weighted by their
respective Principal Amount Outstanding on such Payment Date (1aking into account
th applicable swap ate plus margin for Class A Notes bearing a Mosting rate 48
applicable);

(6) once 1h Class A Notes ofall Note Serics have been edecmd in full and for so long
as the Class B Notes of any Note Series re outstanding, the average interest mae of
sil Class E Notes which are outstanding as weighted by thcir respectivo Principal
Amount Outstanding on such Payment Date (king into account the applicable swap.
rate plas marin for Class E Notes bearing a floating at, aplicable):

(e) once he Class B Notes of ll Note Series have been edeemed in ful! and for so long
as the Class C Notes of any Note Serics are outstanding, the average interest mae of
sil Class C Notes which are outstanding as weighted by thcir respectivo Principal
Amount Outstanding on such Payment Date (taking into account the applicable swap
rate plas marin for Class C Notes bearing a Mloating at, applicable); and

(4) — im amy other cases, LS per cent or any other percentage speciicd as such in the last
Prospectus Supplement

cer Interest Credit Facility Interest Amount" or “SICF Interest Amount” means the
interest amount on the Seller Interest Credit Faciliy as calculated by the Management
Company on he Calculstion Date and equal to he product of

367


(a) therelevant Share Facility Interest Rat:
(b) — theSICF Principal Amount Outstanding as oh preceding Payment Date; and
(c) the day count fraction corresponding o he rtio between () the actual efectivo days

in cach Interest Accrual Period and (li) a 360-day year, and rounding the resultan
figure to the ncarest cent

cller Interest Credit Facility Principal Amount Outstandi
Amount Outstanding” means, on any date, ibe principal amount outstanding of al
Draving Amounts made under the Seller Interest Crit Facility

7 or “SICE Principal
¡cr

“Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider” means th Seller

«Seller's Optional Early Redemption Written Instruction” means the prior wen
insraction given by th Seller to the Management Company in accordance wilh section
49.11 of the Securitics Note.

cller Share Interest Payable Amount” means, on any Payment Date during the
Programme Revolving Period, the Programme Amonisation Period and the Programme.
Acclerated Amoniation Period, hc amount equal to

(a) the aggregate of () the SICF Interest Amount and (ú) the Aggregate DPP Interest
Amount, due on such Payment Date less

(0) — any Seller Dilutios due by the Seller o the Fund on or prior o the Calculation Date
(if not already received by the Fund on or prior such Calcuation Dat),

as calculated by the Management Company on the Calculaion Date immediately preceding
such Payment Date,

“Servicer” means WIZINK BANK, SA. in ls capacity as servcer (or any authorised
«ubsttae) of the Purchased Reccivables.

ervicer Fee” means with respect to any Payment Date, the os payable by thc Fund to the
Servicer.on such Payment Date.

ervicer Termination Events” means any ol the events described in section 372.13 of the
Additional Building Block

1z Agreement” means the scrvicing agreement dated 194 July 2017 and made
between the Management Company and the Servicer

“Servicing Policies” means the servicing and management policies usually applicd by the
Servicerin relation to the Purchased Reccivables, as amended from time to time.

6%


=Setlement Date” means. vih respecto csch Collzion Period, he second (2nd) Business
Day, pio to cch Payment Dat. For clufication purpose, e fs Setlemet Date ae the
Fund Incorporan Date will e 22% of September 2017,

“SEA means he Securiis and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore.

“SICF Maximum Drawable Amount" mucans on any Settlement Date, the positive
dierence between (a) and (p) where:

(a) ise Maximum Seller Interest Credit Facilisy Amount; and

(b) is SICE Principal Amount Outstanding (taking into account any repayment to be
made on such Payment Date following such Setlement Date) on such Setlement
Date

“SICF Required Drawdown Amount” means on any Settlement Date, thc positivo
diference s calculated on the previous Calculation Date between (a) and (D) wber:

(a) the AssetLiabiliy Mismatch Amount; and!

(6) — the SICF Principal Amount Outstanding (taking into account any repayiment o be
made on such Payment Date following such Setlement Date) on such Setlement
Date

“Solveney Il Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2015/35, of 10 October 2014,
supplementing Directivo 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of he Council on the
takingewp and pursuit of th business of Insurance and Reinsurance,

“Spanish Public Document” means an escritura pública or póliza.

“Spanish Supreme Court” means the Spanish Tribunal Supremo.

“Standard £ Poor"
Limited.

cons Standard de Poor's Credit Market Services Europe.

“Step-up Interest Rate" means, with respect to any Fixed Rate Noles, he step-p interest
rate (if and as specified in the applicable Issuing Document) which may apply to the Class A
Fixed Rate Notes andior the Class B Fixod Rate Notes and/or the Class C Fixed Rate Notes of
any Noto Seris ¡such Notes arc not fully redeemed (a) on th applicable Note Series 20xx-
yy Cal Date, or (9) the established Note Series Reimbursement Date

“Step-up Margán" means, with respec to any Floating Rate Notes, he step-up margin (as
specific in the applicable Isuing Document) which may apply to the Class A Flating Rate
Notes andíor the Class B Floating Rate Notes and/or the Class C Fixed Rate Notes of any
Note Series if such Ploating Rate Notes are not fully redecmed on (a) the applicable Note
Series 20xx-yy Call Dat, or (b) the established Note Seics Reimbursement Date.

30


“Stop Instruction Notice” means the notice to be delivered by the Management Company
(acting on behalf o hc Fund) to the Collections Account Banks whercby, amongs! ohers, hc
Servicer shall no longer be entitled o give any debi instruction in respect of the Collections
Account

'S Regulation” means the European Commission pubishod legislativo proposal date 30.
September 2015 intended to harmonise and replace the ssk etention and due diligenco
requirements applicable to cetin EU regulated investors

“Subordinated Facilities" means () he Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility (he
Expenses Subordinated Facility, (ii) the General Reserve Subordinated Faclty and (iv) the
Seller Interest Credit Facility

“Subordinated Facilities Providers” means (5) the Commingling Reservo Subordinated
Facility Provider, i) the Expensos Subordinated Facility Provider, (ii) the General Reserve:
Subordinated Facility Provider and (iv) the Seller Interest Credit Paciliy Provider.

“Subscription Date" means the date on which the Notes of cach Notes Series are expected to
e fully subscribe pursuant o the relevant Notes Subscription Agreement

“Subscription Period” rucans the period oftime on the Subscription Date in which the Notes
df ach Notes Series are expected a be fully subscribe

“Target Amount" means, during the Programme Revolving Period (only), th target amount
of the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchased Reccivables expected to he
repurchased by the Seller

“TARGET? Business Day" means a day on which the Trans-Europcan Automated Real-
Time Gross Seulement Express Transer System (TARGET2) is open.

“Treasury Account” means one of the Issuer Accounts where the liquid resources of he
Fund will e deposited and, through which all payments due by the Fund will e made.

“Unapplicd Revoh

Amount" means, on any Calculation Date:
(a) during Programme Revolving Period:

(Gi) if the Minimum Portfolio Amount Condition is satisficd, an amount equal to
eso (0);

(Y) otberwise, am amount equal to the minimum between:
(A) the positive difference betneen:
(0 he Minimum Portfolio Amownt: and

(UD theageregate ot

am


iv. the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchased
Reccivables — (excloding — any — Nom-Compliant
Reccivables) under the Performing Credit Cards as of
tb immediately prior Cut-04f Date to such Calculaion
Dat; pls

e Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purehased!
Reccivables transfered in the context af Initial
Transfers on the Purchase Date prior to the Calculstion
Daute (included); minus

vi the Outstanding. Principal. Balances of any
outstanding Purchased Reccivables (other than Non-
Compliant and Defaulted Credit Cards) repurchased by
tb Seller on such Calculation Dat:

(8) the positive difference betncen:

(0 he aggregato of the Note Series 205x-yy Available Purchase
Amounts: and

(UD th maximum between () the Esfectivo Purchase Prie of the
Reccivables sold by the Seller on the Purchase Period
preceding such Payment Date and (5) the Purchase Price of
all Reccivables (án the contexa of Initial Transfers andlor
Additional Transfers, as applicable) sold and transerred by
the Seller on th Purchase Period proceding such Payment
Date

during the Programme Amoniation Period and the Programme Accelerated
Amorisation Period, an amount equal to zero (0)

“UK means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and North Ireland

/ariable Fee” means th variable foc o be puid to the Seller on cach Payment Date and
equal o the Available Distribution Amounts remsáning on such Payment Date aficr payment
dr reention of all otr amounts payable or retsinable by the Fund in accordance with the
“applicable Priority of Payments.

“VAT means Value Added Tax.

ro Balance Credit Card” means any Credit Card Agreement which has recorded a ni
outstanding balance of Reccivables generated thercon or outstanding thercunder.


SCHEDULE 2

FORM OF FINAL TERMS

¡Set out below is forms of Final Terms that will be completed for the issue of the Class A2Oxx-yy

Notes, Class B20xx-yy Notes and Class C201x-yy Notes of any Note Seris issued by the Pando he
listed in AJAF in accordance with th provision of the Base Prospectas.

FINAL TERMS DATED e.
(io the Base Prospectus dated registered with the Spanish Securities and Exchange Commission
(Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) on 0)

Wizink Master Credit Cards,

Fondo de Titulización

EUR.
Asset-Backed Debt Issuance
Programme for the isue of

Class A Asset Backed Notes
Class B Asset Backed Notes
Class C Asset Backed Notes

Final Terms

¡e Class A20xx-yy NotesíClass B20%1-yy Notew/Class C20xx-yy Notes due 10 be completed Note
Series 20xx-yy

Issued under the Base Prospectus (he Base Prospectus) registered with he Spanish Securiis and
Exchange Commission (Comisión Naciona del Mercado de Valores) e CNMV) on € as supplemented
on (he Prospectus Supplement)

Tac following final erms (le Final Terms) include the characteristics of th sccuritis described in
ctas here.

The Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and the Final Termas may be consulted on the
website of he Management Company (www mtiulizacion.com) and the CNMV Grwnw.cnm:ss)

m


The Fund vil issue Class AZOwxcyy NotesíClass: B20xx-3y Notes/Class
C201%-yy Notes (the Notes)

Principal Amos EUR +

Issue Date + lío vecur om the Fund Incorporation Date and,
during the Programme Revolving Period, five (5)
Business days before a Payment Date)

Disbursement Date .

Interest Rate .

Payment Dates On cach monthly Payment Date with a fist applicable
Payment Date on e

Schcduled Amonisation Sating Date 0

Note Series 20%x-yy Call Dates Nox Aplicable / 0 include date or dates where he call
san be exercised

Issue Price «(ore percent)

Notes Final Legal Matrity Date: .

ISIN / Common Code: .

Relevant Rating Agencies DBRS, Fitch, or any otr rating agency register and!

“sihorised by ESMA

THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED.
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) OR THE
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER RELEVANT
TURISDICTION AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE
US. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, US. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN
REGULATION $ UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION $)), EXCEPT PURSUANT
TO AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS. THE FOLLOWING
FINAL TERMS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON
AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOVER, AND IN
PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY US. PERSON OR TO ANY US.
ADDRESS. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION
OF THE SECURITIES OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS.

THE SELLER INTENDS TO RELY ON AN EXEMPTION PROVIDED FOR IN SECTION 20 OF
THE USS. RISK RETENTION RULES REGARDING NON-U.S. TRANSACTIONS THAT MEET
CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS. CONSEQUENTLY, (A) ON ANY ISSUE DATE, THE NOTES
OFFERED AND SOLD BY THE ISUER MAY NOT BE PURCHASED BY ANY PERSON
EXCEPT FOR PERSONS THAT ARE NOT US. PERSONS AS DEFINED UNDER THE US.
RISK RETENTION RULES (RISK RETENTION US. PERSONS) AND (8) DURING THE
DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED TO
ANY PERSON EXCEPT FOR PERSONS THAT ARE NOT RISK RETENTION US. PERSONS
(US. RISK RETENTION TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS) PURCHASERS AND
TRANSFEREES OF THE NOTES, INCLUDING BENEFICIAL INTERESTS THEREIN, WILL BE
DEEMED TO HAVE MADE CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND AGREEMENTS,

m


INCLUDING THAT EACH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE (1) IS NOT A RISK RETENTION
US. PERSON, (2) 18 ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN FOR

'S OWN ACCOUNT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO DISTRIBUTE SUCH NOTE AND (3) IS
NOT ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN AS PART OF A
SCHEME TO EVADE THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE US. RISK RETENTION RULES.
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE DEFINITION OF “US. PERSON” IN
THE US. RISK RETENTION RULES IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO, BUT NOT
IDENTICAL TO, THE DEFINITION OF Us. PERSON UNDER REGULATION $.

Prospectiv investore should read this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus crefully before making

Global Coordinators and Joint Lead Managers

PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION

The securic described in these Final Terms are isucd by Wizink Master Credit Cards, Fondo de
Tiulización (the Fund or ho ssuer), with registered office at calle Príncipe de Vergara 131, planta
and Spanish Tax Identification Number (NIF) no.

+. in he name and on behalf of INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN, S.G.F.T. Sa. with registered
“déres in Madrid, at calle Príncipe de Vergara 131, planta 3, and with Spanish tx identification
number (NIF) A-S3T7A88S, acting as management compuny (Inermoney Titulización or the
Management Company) of the Fund, assumes responsibility for he information set out n these
Final Terms.

+ on behalf of the Management Company. declares that having taken all reasonabl careto ensure
bat such ¿she cas, he information contained in his Final Terms is, to th best of his knowiedge, dn
“accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to afíe is impor

DESCRIPTION, CLASS AND CHARACTERISTICS OF THE RELEVANT ISSUED
SECURITIES

MAIN CHARACTERISTICS OP THE ISSUED SECURITIES
Capitlisod words and expressions in this Final Terms shall ave the same meanings as st ut in the
Base Prospecta except insofar as the content othervis requires.

m


hc Fund

2 Note Series Numberfldefcaio: Ary
3. Status of te Class A2Ox-yy Notes/Clas | Class A2Oxx-3y Notes: (senior) unsubordinated
B20xxeyy Notes/Class Cl0xx-yy Notes: | Class: Blbrx3y Notes: (mezzanine)
subordinated Class C20xx3y Notes: Gunion
4 Cureney: UR
5 Inicial Principal Amount: EURO
6. Number of Notes composing the Clas | Class A20xx-yy Notes: 0
Class A20xeyy NoteClass BAlkryy
Notes/Class C20xx-3y Notes Class B20xx-yy Notes: e.
Class C2lx-yy Notes e
7 lssue Price % ofthe Ina Principal Amount
$ Denominations EUR 100.000.00.
9 IssueDue:
10, Subscripcion Date .
HL. Subscripion Period: From. (CET) 10 e (CET) om
12, Disbursement Date .
15. Notes Final Legal Mauriy Date .

specify date or (for Class A20w-yy Notes/Class
B20xx-yy Notes/Class (2003 Notes) Payment
Date falling in or neares to the relevant monih
and year.

Tse Date sal th dat o execion of be Final Tem.
Disbarsement Dat to ocur no late than res (3) Business Dayy aer he etvant sue Dat.

ys



14. InerestBasi

+ por cen. Fixed Rate

EURIBOR for one Month deposits 4-8 per
cent. Posting Rate (furher particulas specified
below)

(Additional information on hc securiti interest
an be found in sections 20 and 21 of these Final
Terms)

15. — Resdemption/PaymentBasis:

Unless. previously redeemed or cancelld, the
Clase AZlxx3y o Notes/Class — B20xcyy
Notes/Class C20xx-yy Notes will be redecmed
om tir Notes Final Legal Maturity Date.

16. — Optional Early Redemption:

Yes/Not Aplicable

(Additional information on the Optional Early
Redemption can be found in section 22 of these
Final Terms)

17. Representation af the securitis

Book entries managed by 1he Sociedad de
Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro,
Compensación y Liquidación de Valores,
IBERCLEAR, wi registered offie at Plaza
de la Lealtad, no. 1. 28014 Madrid /

18. Listing and admission o trading

Application has been mado for he Class A20xx-
yy NotesíClass B20xx3y Notes/ Class Cl0xa
yy Notes to be admiticd to trading on ALAF
Fixed Income Market. / Not Aplicable.

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (F ANY) PAYABLE

10, — Fixed Rate Note Provisions

ApplicableINot Applicable

(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub
paragraphs of hs paragrapk)

6) Interest Period):

Between pwo consecutivo Payment Dates

6) InerestRat:

+ percent. por anmum payable in arcars on
cach Payment Date

37



(Gi) Step-Up Interest Rate:

(N) Payment Date(s)

Not Aplicable / — per cent. per anna
payable in arras on cach Payment Date
afer he applicable Note Series 200x3y
Call Date

of cach month (subject to the Business
Day Comvention) during the Programme
Revolving — Period, — the Programme
Amonisation Period and the Programme
Accclerated Amortisaion Period

(0) Fis Payment Date:

(vi) Business Day Convention:

ote

Modificd Following Business Day

(vi) Day Count Fraction:

Acualid6S —/ — ActualACISabISDA 7
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual'36S (Fixed) /
Actuali360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond
Bass / 301360 USDA)

(vii) Pay. responsible for calculating
Interest Amownts:

Management Company

20.

Floating Rate Note Provisions

ApplicableINot Applicable

(if not applicable, dese the remaining sub
paragraphs of hs paragrapk)

6 InterestPeriods):

Between pwo consccutive Payment Dates

(iy Payment Date(s)

978 subject o he Following Business
Day Convention)

(Gi) Pies Payment Dat:

ote

(Y) Business Day Convention:

Modificd Following Business Day.

(0) Par responsible for calculaing the
Rate(s) of Interest and. Interest
Amount):

Paying Agent

m



(vi) Reference Rat: EURIBOR for one (1) mon (provided that
vih respeto the first Interest Period, the
rate wbich represents the lincar intepolsion
fte e EURIBOR rates)

(iy Interest Determination Date(s: e TARGET Business Days in specify city
or EURO prior to the fist day of cuch
Interest Perodícach Interest Payment Date

(A) Relevant Screen Page .

(8) Relevant Margin() +l-> percent. per ammm

(0) Step-Up Margin Not Aplicable / — per cent per anun
payuble in arears on coch Payment Date
after Abe applicable Note Series 200x3y
Call Date

(0) Minimum Interest Rat: ¡Not Applicable/ percent pr anmnam

(E) Maximum Interes Rat: ¡Not Applicable percent pr ammm.

(E) Floor Interest Rate ero percent (0%) Applicable

(6) _ Cappedorloored EURIBOR _ | Nor Applicable

(4) Day Count Fesction Actuali36S / ActuallActual - ISDA /
Actual/Actual — ICMA / Actual1365 (Fixed)
1 Actual1360 1 30/7360 / 360/360 / Bond
Basis/ 3081360 ISDA)

(vii) Hodging — Commemparty — Required |
Ratings

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

21. Scheduled Amortisation Starting Date:

22. Optional Early Redemption:

Applicable/Not Applicable

(E not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of his paragraph)

am



6) Note Series 20%x-3y Call Dates: | Not Aplicable / 0 include date or dates where
he call can be exercised

Gi) Note Series 20xx3y Clean-Up | Aplicable
Cal

OTHER PROVISIONS APLICABLE TO THE NOTES

23. Hodging Agreements Description f applicable including. hedeing
«ounterparties / Not Applicable

(Additional information on the hedging
“agreements con be found below)

24. Relevant Rating Agencios .

25. Ratings It isa condition of the isuance of the Class A.
Notes hat () the Class A Notes ar assigned at
he relevant Issue Date a preliminary rating of
ce"by e andre" by e.

lt is condition of he issuance of the Class E
Notes hat () the Class B Notes are assigned at
he relevant Issue Date a preliminary rating of
ce"by e andre" by e.

Class C Notes will not be rated / Class C Notes
vil be rated by 6 and e.

Each of 8 and 8 established in the European
Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No,
1060/2009 — (as amendod) (he “CRA
Regulation") ad is included in the ls of credit
rating agencies registered in accordance with he
CRA Regulation published on the European
Securities and Markets Auhority's website
(ww. coma.curopa.cu/page/Listregistered-amd:
senificd:CRAS

sm



26.

Estimated Note Serios Issue Expenses

ALAF / Other Expenses:

IBERCLEAR Epenses: e

CNMV fee:

Rating agencios, —motarys fees, — global
eoordinators /ead managers / underwritr es,
legal fccs and others

"Total Note Series Issue Expenses:

27. Class AVBIC Floating Rate Notes only - | Details af historic EURIBOR mies can be
Historic Interest Rates biained from Reuters

28. Operational Information
ISIN Code:

29. Disibunos:

Grow of potential Note Subscribers to
whom the Notes Isuc is intended:

Class A Notes: Qualified investors / WIZINK /
centisdesignated by WIZINK.

Class 3 Notes: Qualiied investors / WIZINK /
centisdesignated by WIZINK.

Class C Notes: Qualiied investors / WIZINK /
entity designated by WIZINK.

Method of distribution:

Syndicated/Non-spndicated

Global Coordinators)

Not Appliablelgive names of global
coordinators

Lead Managers Nat Applicablelgive names of lead managers
Underwries: "Nat Applicablelgive name
Bookrunners Nat Applicablelgive name

390



INFORMATION ON THE GLOBAL COORDINATORS,  Lesd MANAGERS,
BOOKRUNNERS AND UNDERWRITERS

Below is information identifying the global coordinatrs, leud managers, bookrunners and
underwrters of Mhis Notes Series

(a) — Emityis name Emtiys details Registration Data Address
TAX IDENTIFICATION NUMBER
Creditraings

Relations with other participants

INFORMATION ON THE ADMISSION TO TRADING OF THE NOTES

“An application will be made for the Notes described in these Final Terms to be admited to trading
on the AJAF. The Management Company shall carry out it best tforts to achicve hat the admission
to trading of the Notes of cach Notes Seres on ALAF is carried cut not later than hity (30) calendar
days air th Disbursement Date.

SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF THE MAIN TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE
HEDGING AGREEMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS

o be included i aplicable

Type oftramaction: Interest rue swaplIneres Rate Collar/Ieres
Kate Capíolher
Documentacion: ISDA/CMOFO her
Hedging CoumteparyClass A/ClssBIClas¿C: | 0
Calculaion Agent: .
Notional Amount: .
Trade Date .
Effective Date: .
Temmination Date: .
Fixed Amounts .
Fixed Rat Payer: .

En



Fixed Rate Payer Payment Datos .

losing Amownts .
losing Rate Payr: .
CaplFloeRate: .
Floating Rate Payr Payment Dates | 0
Flosting Rate for intal Calcula | 0
Period
losing Rate Option: .
Designated Mati .
losing Rate Day Count Fractio: .
Reset Dates .
Business Day Convention: Modified Following Business Day.

Calculaion — Agent and relevant e
alcalaion agency provision

Evems of Defenl/Termination | e
Events/Adiiional. Termination Events
including — Hedging — Counterpary
Resqired Ratings):

Rating Agencies and Rating Events 0

Description of the Collueral e
Arrangements

Onher relevant provision .

WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES, INTERNAL RATE OF RETURN AND
ASSUMPTIONS

To include able o he results Weighted Average Lives and Internal Rates of Return of each of Class
cf Notes, and the Ixpotheses and assumptions considere 1 include exact wording as the FTs.

ES



neral

The yiclds to maturity on the Class A/B/C2O:x-3y Notes will be sensitive to and affected by the
“amount and timing of delinquencies, prepayment and payment patin, revolving and credit cad
usage, diluion and default on the Purchased Reccivables, th leve of he relevant interest reference
rate, the occumence of any Revolving Termination Events or Acceleated Amortistion Events or any
Fund Liquidation Events, the issuance of a new Note Seres, the occurrence of an Optional Early
Redemption Esent or any Optional Reparchase Event and any other repurchases of the Purchased
Reccivables by the Seller. Each of such cvents may impact the wcighted average lives, the internal
rates of return, and the Duration of the Class A/B/C20%x yy Notes

Weighted Average Lives and Internal Rates of Return of the Class A/B/C20xx-3y Notes

The “Weighted Average Life" (WAL) of the Class A/B/C20xx-3y Notes refer o he average amount
df time trat will clapse from the date of isuance of the Class A/B/C2Oxx3yy Notes to the date of
distribution to the investor of each Euro distributed in reduction of the principal of such security. The
Weighted Average Life of he Class A/BIC20xx-yy Notes shall be affected by the available funds
“located toredocm the Class A/B/C20xx-yy Notes

The “Internal Rate of Return” (IRR) of the Class AJBIC2Ox1-yy Notes refers to the rate of return that
makes the nt presen value of ll cash flows (both positive and negative) from the investment in the
Class A/BIC2Ox1-3y Notes cqual to zero. The Internal Rate of Return of the Class A/B/C20x1-yy
Notes shall he affected by the available funds allocatd 0 pay interests due o the Class A/BIC20xx>
yy Notes

"The information included in he tables below assune, among uherhings

(2). tte Disbursement Da ofthe Note Series Ax-yy is:

(6) he Seheduled Amortsaion String Date is

(6) the utoff date is 8 which s the Fand relevant Ca-Off Date prior 1o the issuance of such
Notes for which an Investor Report ís available /16 June 2017 cortesponding o he reference

date of the Audited Portfolio in 1h case of initial Note Series issucd on the Fund
Incorporation Date

(é) that on th Disbursement Date of the Note Serios 20xx-yy. the Outstanding Principal
Balances of the Purchased Reccivables is equal to he Minimum Portfolio Amount sbih.
amounts to 8 as of such date. New Reccivables are purchased (f required) in order to
maintain such Minimum Porfolio Amount until ihc Scheduled Amortisaion String Date of
Ale Note Serios 2050935

(e) — that the composition and the amoriation profile of the portíolio of the Purchascd
Reccivables (and tho new Reccivables purchased during the Note Series Non-Amortisation
Period of the outstanding Note Seres) is similar to the composition and amoniation profile
fte performing portfolio as the cutoff date;

ES


wm

5

0

0)

o

0

Ú
0)
a

(o)

m
wm
0)

0)

o new issuance of futher Note Seris occurs (however for caculation purposes, previously
issued and outstanding Notes Serie ar considered.

he Seller docs mot repurchaso any Reccivables purchased by the Fund:

Ale ate of defaults am he Reccivables is assumed constant at 6%, which is consisten with
hc one provided by the Management Company in th Ines available Investor Report based
dm the observed performance af the Purehased Reccivables as of 8 which s the Fund relevant
Cut-O4f Date prior to the issuance of such Notes for which an Investor Repor is avilable /
observed by th Seller in January 2017 as descibod in section 3. of the Base Prospectus (in
lt case of initial Note Series issued om the Fund Incorporation Date)

interest payments on the Reccivables will be reccived, if any at the applicable interest ate
fíered by WIZINK which as of the cu-of dato stand at 85%. No adjustment of th applicable
interest rte under the Credit Card Agreements is ofered by WIZINK:

Ale Fund exce margin is constant and suffciont to cover th assumed rate of defaults on the
Reccivables;

a constant monthly principal payment rate (MPPR). In respect of Class A/B/C Notes, the
“assumed MPPR ás: 8% in respect of cenario 1 i) 9% in respect ol scenario 2: and (ii)
18% in respect of scenario 3, according to the following tables, These scenarios have ben
defined based on the observed performance of hc Purchased Reccivables as of which is ho
Fund relevant Cut-OH Date prior to the issuance of such Notes / historic information provided
boy the Seller in January 2017 as described in section 3. o hc Base Prospectus (in the case of
¿mil Note Seics issued on th Fund Incorporstion Date):

he calculation of the weighted average life (in ars) is calculated om an Actual/Actual hasi;
he Note Series 204x-yy Clean-Up Call Conditios will not be considered applicable;
one oh Fund Liquidation Events ae considered applicable;

payment of principal and interest due and payable under the Notes will be reccived on
he ..day of each corresponding Paymen Date;

ero per cont investment return is card on th Issuer Accounts;
o Revolving Termination Event has occured;
o Accclerated Amorisation Event has occurred: and

its not necessary to us the Commingling Reserve or he General Reserve,

The actual characteristics and performance of the Purchased Reccivables will difer from the
“assumpticos used in constructing the tables st for below, which are hypothctical in nature and
provided only o give a general sense of how the principal cas Hlows might behave under varying

EN)


monthly rate of principal payment scenarios. Fo exam

is umlikcly that he receivables will pay

nt until maturity. Any difference beses

assumptions and the actual charactritcs and performance of the Purchased Re

monthly rate f principal payment o los experiences, will affect he percentage of principal amount
and ho Weighted Aves

such

a a constant monbly rate of principal payme
vables, or actual

cutstand

Return of th Class A/B/

Subj ving discussion and assumptins, ts following tables indicate he Weighted

Average Life, Duration and the Internal Rate of Return of the Class A/BIC20wx-yy Notes under the

monty constant principal payment ratio shown and depending on Ahe exercise of the optional
¡tion of the Note Series 20xx-yy om the Note Series 0x3) Call Da

x payment over
20%x-3y Notes,

fe and Internal Rate of

2 to the fo

¡Class AJB/C Notes /No Call

Scenario Number 1 2 3
Monthly Principal Payment Rate
Weighted Average Life in years)

ist Principal Payment Date
xpected Maturity

Internal rate of Return (percentage)
Duration (years)

s AJBIC Notes / Call
Scenario Number. 1 3
Monthly Principal Payment Rate
Weighted Average Li

st Principal Payment Date
Expected Maturity
Internal rate of Return (percentage)
Duration (years)

rtíoio

'Scenario Number

Monthly Principal Payment Rate
Cumulative Default Ratio

Scenario Number 1 y

Monthly Principal Payment Rate
Cumulative Default Ratio



In addition Note Series payment cash flows will be provided for cach clas, MPPR scenario and
Calo Calls perth following mode!

Scenario

Payment Date __Notional Outstanding Interest Principal

1d in 8,0

These Final Terms have been countrsigned on all tir pags

Signed on behalf of

INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN. S.G.E-T. S.A. (on behalf of e, FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN DE
ACTIVOS)

Mee


“WIZINK MASTER CREDIT CARDS, FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN"

A securistion fund ondo de riulización)
incorporated in Spai. prsuant to the provisions of Law 5/2015

SELLER, SERVICER, EXPENSES SUBORDINATED FACILITY PROVIDER,
COMMINGLING RESERVE SUBORDINATED FACILITY PROVIDER, GENERAL
RESERVE SUBORDINATED FACILITY PROVIDER AND SELLER INTEREST CREDIT
FACILITY PROVIDER

Wizink Bank, S.A.
CUlies 16-18
28043 Made

Spain

PAYING AGENT AND ISSUER ACCOUNTS BANK

Banco Santander, SA.
¡Giran Vía de Hortaleza. 3. edificio Pedreña. planta-1
28033 Madrid

Spain

MANAGEMENT COMPANY

Intermoney Titulización, S.G
Cl Príncipe de Vergara 131, 3*p
28002 Madrid

LEGAL ADVISERS

Cliford Chance, SLP.
Pasco de la Castellana, 10.
28046 Mado
Span

AUDITORS

KPMG
Edificio Torre Cristal,
Pasco de la Castellana 259 C
28046 Made

Spain


