 
PPRROOSSPPEECCTTUUSS  
  
NNOOVVEEM
MBBEERR  22000055  
AAYYTT  GGÉÉNNOOVVAA  HHIIPPOOTTEECCAARRIIOO  VVIIII  
FFOONNDDOO  DDEE  TTIITTUULLIIZZAACCIIÓÓNN  HHIIPPOOTTEECCAARRIIAA 
MORTGAGE BACKED SECURITISATION BONDS 
11,,440000,,000000,,000000  EEUURROOSS  
  
CCLLAASSSS  AA11:: 
308,000,000 € 
AAA/Aaa/AAA 
CCLLAASSSS  AA22:: 
1,048,450,000 € 
AAA/Aaa/AAA 
CCLLAASSSS  BB:: 
22,400,000 € 
A/Aa3/A+ 
CCLLAASSSS  CC:: 
21,150,000 € 
BBB/Baa3/A- 
 
BBaacckkeedd  bbyy  M
Moorrttggaaggee  PPaarrttiicciippaattiioonnss  iissssuueedd  bbyy::  
BARCLAYS BANK, S.A. 
 
LLEEAADD M
MAANNAAGGEERR 
  
BARCLAYS BANK, S.A. 
 
UUNNDDEERRW
WRRIITTEERRSS  
 
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, acting through its INVESTMENT BANKING DIVISION 
BARCLAYS CAPITAL 
 
CAIXA D´ESTALVIS DE CATALUNYA 
CAIXA D'ESTALVIS I PENSIONS DE BARCELONA 
FORTIS BANK NV-SA 
BARCLAYS BANK, S.A. 
FFIINNAANNCC AALL AAGGEENNTT  
II
  
  
II
  
  
BARCLAYS BANK, S.A. 
 
FFUUNNDD DDEESS GGNNEEDD,,  CCRREEAATTEEDD AANNDD M
MAANNAAGGEEDD  BBYY 
 
This Prospectus is a non-official and non-binding translation into English of the original “Folleto Informativo” 
drafted in Spanish language and registered with the “Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores” (the Spanish 
Securities Market Commission, “CNMV”) and published in accordance with the prospectus directive (Directive 
2003/71/EC) on 23 November 2005. The “Folleto Informativo” drafted in Spanish language is the only official 
document. 
 


CONTENTS

ISK FACTORS. .10

1. — RISKS DERIVING FROM THE LEGAL STATUS AND BUSINESS OF THE ISSUER 10

2. — RISKS DERIVING FROM THE SECURITIES

3. RISKS DERIVING FROM THE ASSETS BACKING THE ISSUE.

SECURITIES REGISTRATION DOCUMENT...

1. PERSONS RESPONSIBLE. 16

1.1. Persons responsible for the information contained in the Registration
Document. 16

12. Statement of those responsible for tho content of the Registration Document.16

2. — STATUTORY AUDITORS 16
2,1. Auditors of the Fund 16
2.2. Accounting principles used by the Fund. 17
3. RISKFACTORS 17

4. — INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER...

4.1. Statement that the Issuer has been established as a securitisation fund..

4.2. Legal and business name of the Issuer

4... Place of registration of Issuer and registration number.

4.4. Date of incorporation and length of lite of the Issuer.

4.41. Fund Date of Estabiehment 18
442. LenginofLte ot the Fund. 18
4.43. Eary Liquidation of the Fund 18
4.44. Termination of th Fun 2

4.5. Domicile, legal personality and legis:

¡ion applicable to tho Fund.

451. Taxregimo of the Fund 23

45. Capi

úauthorised and issued by the Issuer

5. — DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS.



sd.

52.

6d.

62.

67.

Ba.

22

23.

9.

92.

10.

Erief description of the Issuer's principal activities

General description ot the parties 10 tho securitisation program

ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ..

Establishmont and registration with tho Companies Registry.

Audit of accounts .

Principal Activitios

Share capital and equity

Existence or not of holdings in other companios.

Administrativo, management and supervision bodies

Principal activities of the persons referenced in the preceding section,
performed apart from the Gestora If they aro significant with respect to the
fund, .32

More than 10% lenders to the Gestora.

Litigation of the Gestora.

MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS.

Statement of direct or indirect ownership of the Gestora or whether it is
controlled. .23

FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND.
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL SITUATION, AND PROFITS AND LOSSES.

24

Declaration on commencement of operations and financie
lssuer prior to the date of the Registration Document.

statements of
24

Historica financie
financi

information when an issuer has commenced operations and
ústatements have been prepared . 24

Historical financial information on security issues with an individu:
denomination of 50,000 euros or moro.

Jud

“and arbitre

¡ion proceedings.

Material adverso change in the Issuer's financial situation

THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENTS BY EXPERTS AND
DECLARATIONS OF ANY INTEREST.

Statement or report attributed to a person as an expert..

Information from third parties.

DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY.



10.1.

SECURNTIES NOTE

.

11

12

2.

añ.

42.

43.

45.

45.

451

452

47.

48.

48%

482

49.

49.

492

493

Documents on display.

PERSONS RESPONSIBLE.

Persons responsible for the information contained in tho Securitios Noto.

Dect

ratio ot the persons responsible for the Securtios Noto.

ISK FACTORS.

KEY INFORMATION.

Interest of nature

and legal persons involved in tho offer.

INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES TO BE OFFERED AND
ADMITTED TO TRADING.

Total amount of the securities

Description of the type and class of the securitios.

Logislation under which tho securities have been created.

Indication of whether the securiios aro in registered or bearer form and
in certificated or book-entry form.

Whether the securiies a

Currency o the issue.

Classification of the securities according to tho subordination rules.

Ranking ol interest payments for the Bonds o! each ol the Classes in the Order ol
Priority o Payments ol the Fund. as

Ranking ol repayment o principal for the Bonds ol each o the Classos in the Order ol
Priority o Payments of the Fund. 7]

Dscription of the rights attached to the securiios

"The nominal interest rato and provisions rolating 10 interest payablo

Nominal interest rate of the Bonde, 46

Dates, place, anios and procedure for the payment ol interes. si

Date of maturity and repayment of the securities

Repayment price of the Bonds, spocilying the existence ol premiums, bonusos

alotments or any otr financial advantage ES
Spec charactoristcs ol the redemption o each o the Ciassos o Bonds sa
¡Common characteristics oh redemplion ol each ol the Clases ol Bonds 56


4.10. Indication of the yield.

4:01. Estmated averago lf, yield or return,

*m an final redemption ol ho Boris ...60

4.11. Bondholder representation..

4.12. Resolutions, authorisations, and approvals for tho securitios issu

4:24 Corporate resolutions 56
4122. Registration by ho Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores 56
4:23, Execution o! he public Deed o! Establshrment ot the Fund! 67

4.13. Date of issue of the securities

4.13: Pool ol potential investors to whom the Bonds are offered 67
4.132. Date or period ol subscription or acquisition 67
4.13: Where and with whom can the bonde be subscribed or acquired? 58
4.13. Placement and alocain of the Bonds. 58
4.135 How and when to make payment 59

4.14. Restrictions on the free transferability of the securit

5. — ADMISSION TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS.

5.1. Market on which the securities will be traded

5.2. Paying agent and depository entities

52.1 Paying Agent or the Bond Ius. 7

6. — EXPENSES OF THE OFFERING,

7. — ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.

7.1. Statement of the capacity in which the advisors involved in tho issue that aro
mentioned in the Securities Note have acted. 73

7.2. Other information in the Securities Note that has been audited or reviewed by
73

auditors.

7.3. Statements or reports attributed to a person as an export.

7.4. Information from third parties.

7.5. Credit ratings assigned by the Rating Agencia:

SECURNTIES ADDITIONAL BUILDING BLOCK.

1. SECURITIES.



1.1.. Minimum denomination of the issue .83

12. Confirmation that the information relating to an undertaking or obligor not
involved in the issue has been accurately reproduced. .83

2. — UNDERLVING ASSETS. .83

2.1. Confirmation of the capacity ot the securitised assets to produce the funds

Payable on the securitos.. 83
22. Assets backing the issue. .04
22.1 Legal juristiiion by which the pool o asset s governed! as
222 Description ol the general characteristics ol the obligors and the economic

environment, as wel as global staistical data relorred to the securited asset ..85
223. Legalnature oh securlised asets 90
224. Exply or maturity date(s) ol the assets 90
225 Amount ol e assets 9

226 Ratio ol outstanding balance ol the principal lo the appraisal value or level ol
overcallatealcaion e)

22.7. Method of creation oh asssts 9
22.8 Indication o ropresentatons and coteras given o ho Issuerroating to the assets 92
223. Substiuton of hs securitisad asets 97
22.10. Relevant insurance police rating to the securltised asets. se
22.11 Information on the obligors ín those casos where the securiisod assets compriso

bigatons of fve or fewer obigors which are legal persons, or il 2 single obligor
accounts for 20% or more ol the asses, or la single obligor accounts for a material

portion of the assets 9

22.12 Details ot ho relationship, Lis matoral to the issu, between tha Issuer, guarantor
and obligor. 9

22.13, the assots comprie fxeduincome securitls, a descjpion ol the principal
conditions

22.14 If tho assets compriso equiy securits, a descrillon of the principal terms and
conditions 100

22.15 If more than ten percent (10%) of tha securtised ascets are equity securiies that are

not traded on a regulated or equivalent market, a description o ho principal terms and
conditions 100

22.16 Propeny valution report with cas laws / income streams if a significant part ol he
Aassets are securad by real estate 100



23.

2.

22.

23.

334

332

333

2341

342

343

345

2346

347

25.

25.

27.

374

372

Actively managed pool of assets backing th

Where the Issuer proposes to issue further securities backed by the same
Aassets, a statement to that effect and description of how the holders of that
¿lass will be informed 100

STRUCTURE AND CASH FLOW

100

Description of the structure of the operation, including, if necessary, a
alagram 100.

Description of the entitios participating in the issue and description ot the
functions to be performed by them, 01

Doscription of the method and the sale dato, transter, novation, assignment of

ho assots, or of any right and/or obligation in the assets to tho Issuer.....102
Formal execution o th assignment ol the Mortgage Loans. 102
Torms of the assignment o ho Loans 104
¡Seling or assignment price oh Loans. 108

Explanation of the flow ot funde

106

How the cash lows from the asssts wi meet the Issuers obligaions to the holders ol

the securiies 106
Information n all credit entncements 107
Detals ol any subordinated deb inancing 108
Parameters for the investment of temporary Iiquidity surpluses and a description of he
partes responsbl fr this investment 12
Collection by the Fund ol payments in espect ol ho assots 1
Order ol priority ol payments made by the Issue. 15

Other arrangements upon which payments of interest and principal o investors aro
dependent 123

Name, address and significant economic activities of originators of the
securitised assets.. 29

Return and/or repayment of the securitios with others that aro not assets ol
the issuer. a

Administrator, calculation agent or equivalen:

132

Management, administration and representaion of the Fund and of the holders ol he
secuniies 132

Administration and custody ol the securitisod assets 138


28.

añ.

44

412

413

414

AHORRO Y TITULIZACIÓN, 5.6

Name, address and briet description of any counterparty for swap operations
and providers of credit, liquidity or accounts. 148

POST-ISSUANCE REPORTING.

119

Obligations and projected frequency ot public disciosure and submission to the.
Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores of periodic information on the
economic-financial situation of the Fund. 149

Ordinary reporting 148
Extraordnary reporting 151
Procedure for notification ol the Bondholders 182
Reporting to the CNA and to the Raling Agencia. 153

¿SA

¡54


GLOSSARY OF DEFINITIONS

The present document constlutes a prospectus (the “Prospectus”) registered with the
Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Spanish Securiies Market Commission), in
accordance with the proviions ol Commission Reguiaion (EC) 809/2004 ol 28 Apeil 2004
(Regulation 809/2004") and comprises

1. A descripllon ol the main risk factors associated wi th issur, wih the securiis and wit
e acset backing the sue (he "Risk Factors"):

2, A registration document, prepared in accordance wih Annex VII of Regulation 809/2004 (he
“Registration Document");

prepared in accordance with Annex XIII of Regulation 209/2004

4. An addlionalbulding block to the Securities Note, prepared in accordance with Amex VI
of Regulation 809/2004 (the “Additional Building Block); and

5. A glossary ol definition


K FACTORS ]

1. — RISKS DERIVING FROM THE LEGAL STATUS AND BUSINESS OF THE ISSUER
8) — Nature of he Fund and oblgatons o the Gestora

“The Fund consitutes a separate capital bass without legal personaliy that in accordance wit
Foyal Decroo 926/1998 and Law 19/1992, ol 7 July 1892, regulaing Real Estato Investment
Funds and Companos and Mortgage Backed Securilisaton Funds (Sociedades y Fondos de

Inversión Inmobilaia y sobre Fondos de Tiuización Hipotecaria), is managed by a

management company (sociedad gestor). Tha Fund vál only meet the financial labios to lts
crecior wit is capia

.t

“The capacity of the Fund to comply wilh the oblgations for payment al principal and int
erving from th Bonds, as well as thor operating and adminisrato expenses, principaly

depends on the revenues received on the Mortgage Loans

“The Bonds wil not be guaranteed, nor wil they bo considered to be cbligaions or habits ot

any entiy other han tho Fund,

“The Gestora wil carry out for the Fund those functions altributed o 1 in Royal Decreo
926/1998 and Law 19/1992 and protect tha interests ol the holder ol the Bonds as manager ol
bird party funds, without the existence ol a bondholders syndicate. The capacity to defend the

Bondholdes interests wil thus depend on the Gestora.

b) — Mandatory substitution of the Gestora

In accordance with rtcos 18 and 19 of Royal Decros 826/1998, ll bankruptcy proceecings aro
ectared for the Gestora it shal find a managemer

company to replace In is case thor ls

no guarantee that a substitute management company wilh appropriate experience wil bo
found. This may delay the handing of payments on the Mortgage Loans and ulimately
negativly affect payment ol the Bonds.

lt four months have clapsed without a now management company being found that is prepared!
o assume responsibility for the management function, tha Fund wil be liuidated early and ho
securilies it has issued wil bo redeemed, in accordance with the provisions of the Deed ol
Establatment and in his Prospecto.

6) > Limitation ot action


“The Bondholdes and remaining craciors ol the Fund wil have no recourso against the obigors
ol the Mortgage Loans thal have breached their payment obligaions thereunder. Only the
Gestora, as Iho representativo of tho Fund holding the Participaciones Hipotecarias (mortgage

participation: hereinaftr,"PHs), may take that action.

“The Bondholdes and remaining craciors ol the Fund wil have no recourso against ho Fun or
against tho Gestora in the event ol non-payment ol amounts owed by the Fund sa result
() nompertormance or vary redemplion of the PHs, (1) default of the coumterpartis to
transactions undertaken in the name and for the account of he Fund or () insulfiieney of he
protective financial transactions to meet the financial servicing requirements of the Bond ol

each Cass

“The Bondholders and remaining creciors ol the Fund will have no recourse against Barclays
Bank, S.A. or against tho Gestora, respectively, ot

tan the recourse deriving tom breachos
ol their respectivo responsiaiias and, Iherelore, never as a result of non-pertormance or

prepayment of the Mortgage Loans.

ol

Both Barclays Bank, SA. and the Gestora and any ol the remaining partipants in the
transaction may be declared to be insolvent. The insolvency ol any of the participants may
affect contractual relationships with the Fund.

1! Barclays Bank, SA. ls declred to be insolven under Insolvency Law 22/2003 ot 9 July 2003.
he Fund, acting through the Gestora, wil have tho right ot withdrawal ín relation to the
multplo security certlcatoreprasenting tho PHs, on th terms provided in artis 80 and 81 01
he Insolvency Law. In addiicn, tha Fund, acting through lts Gestora, wil have the right o
obtain from Barcays Bank, SA. the amounis resuling from the PHs from the date ol
ectaration ol insolvency, given that those sume shall bs considered property ol the Fund,
through the Gestora, and wil therefore bo transfored to the Gestora on behalf ol the Fund.
“This sight ol widrawal will not necessary extend the money that Barclays Bank, SA. may
have received and maintained for the account of the Fund prior to that date, given that t could
be a parto the insolvency procseds, in accordance with the majority interpretation of artite B0
ol the applicable Insolvency Law, because of the essental fungible natura ol money. The
mechanisms mitgating Alis risk are described in sections 2.4.4.1 (Treasury Account), 2.45
(Collection by the Fund ol payments roating to the assels) and 9.721 (Collections
management) o the Additional Bulding Block.


In the event of insolvency of the Gestora, it must be replaced by another management
company in accordance wi the provisions ol article 19 of Royal Decree 926/1998 and tho
provisions of paragraph 10) ol tis Document

e) — Information from third parties

“The Fund has signed agreements with third partiss o provide certain sendices related o 1ho
Bonds. These include the Administration Agreomont, the Agreement for Suborcinated Loan for
Sel Up Exponses, the Agreement for Suborginated Loan for Establtrmont o tha Reserve Fund,
he Interest Rate Swap Agreement, the Financial Services Agreement, and the Underwriing
Agreement

“The Bondholders may bo harmed if any ol tho roforenced parts breachos the cbligations

assumed under any o th foregolng agreement,

2. RISKS DERIVING FROM THE SECURITIES

3) Liquidity

“There is no guarantes that the Bonds wil be traded on the market wit a minimum frequency
or volume.

“There is no undertaking ol any entiy to intorvene in the secondary market providing liquid to
he Bonds by offering sell as counterpaty

Also in no crcumstances wi tha Fund bo able 10 repurchaso 1ho Bonds from tho Bondholders,
although they can be redeemed early in their otalty in the case o tre Early Liquidation of he
Fund on hs terme estable in section 44. of the Registration Document,

b) Profitabilty

“The profiabiity 1 the Bonds upon maturity wil depor among other actors on the amount
and date of payment ol principal on the PH and the price paid by the holders ol each Class ol
Bonds.

»e

tormarce by Ihe oblgor ol the terms agresd upon in the Mortgage Loans (lor example the
ropayment of prncipal, payments ol interest) is infenced by a variety ol geographical,
economic and social factors such as seasonaliy, market interest rates, tha avallabiity of
inancing alternative, tho propensity ol owners to change residence, tholabour and economio
status ol he abigors and the general level ol economic activity. The performance is therefore
úunpradictabl.


“The caculation of the internal rato o retun, average if and duration ol ho Bonds set out in
he Prospectus is subject, among olhers, to tho assumplions set out in section 4.10 ol ho
¡Securies Note regarding antiiated prepayment and non-pertormance rats for the Mortgage
Loans that may not be prove to be true, and also regarding future markat nterst rato, gen

he foating nature of the nominal interest rat ol each Class
<) Duration

“The calulation of tho average lla and duration of the Bonds ol each Class set out in section
410 of the Securities Note is subject to timely and proper repayment of the Mortgage Loans
ando the estimatos that may or may not be full regarding ho rato o! prepayment o! ho
Mortgage Loans.

8) Defaultinterest

Under no circumstances wil the delay ol ho payment of interes or
he Bondholders give rise to tha acrual o default Interest in tir favour.

payment ol principal to

9) — Subordination ot the Bonds

Class AZ Bonds aro deforrd in the repayment ol principal with respoct to Class A1 Bonds, while
he interest on both Classes wil be paid on a pro ata basis. For their par, Class B Bonds are
elerred in he payment ol interest and repaymnt ol principal with respect to Class A1 and A2
Bonds, while Class C Bonds in tur aro defered in payment of interast and repayment 01
pricipal with respect to Class A1, AZ and B Bonds (oxcept as provided in section 4.925 o! ho
Securities Note with respect to pro rata redemplion 01 principal ol Classes AZ, 8 and ().
Nevertheless, there is no assurance that these subordinaion rules protect he Class AT, A2, 8
and C Bondholders from the risk oa total loss.

“The subordination rules among tho various Classes are established in the Order ol Priority ol
Payments and in the Fund Liquidation Order ol Priority ol Payments in accordance with section
2.45 01 the AdélionalBuilng Block

1) Deferral ofintorest

This Prospectus and the rest ol tho complementary documentation regarding the: Bonds
contemplate the deferral ol payment of interest on the Ciass Band O Bonde upon the
ccurrance of any of the circumstances described in section 3.4.5 ol the Adótional Builig

Block and Iho excoplional ules contemplatedtherin


Interest on Class AY and AZ Bonds is not subject to these deferal rules

8) — Rating ofthe Bonds

“The credit ik ol the Bonds issued against tho Fund has ben evaluated by ho following rating
ntiies: Standard and Poors España S.A, Moody's Investors Servico España S.A. and Fit

Ratings España SAL.

“The final ratings assigned may be revsed, suspended or wilhdrawn at any timo by tho rating

únties init o any information becoming known to them,

These ratings are mot and in no way may bo interpreted as being an invitation,
recommendation or encouragement addressed to invetors to engage in any kind ol transaction

regarding the Bonds and, in particular, to acquie, maintain, encumber or sel the Bonds.

3. RISKS DERIVING FROM THE ASSETS BACKING THE ISSUE
a) — Risk otnon-paymentot PHs

In accordance with arco 5.8 of Law 19/1992, the holders of Bonde issued against the Fund
il bear the is ol non-payment of tha Ps contained theren.

Barclays Bank, SA, as the Seller, assumes no labllty whatever for non-payment by the
bligors, whether ol principal, interas or any other amount they may owe under the Mortgage
Loans. Barclays Bank, SA. only bears labity o tho Fund for tho existence and legitimacy 01
secutes their transíer. Nor
ty to guarantee the

success ol tha transaction, nor doss it grant guarantess or surety bonds, nor enter into

he Mortgage Loans, as well as for the personality with which it

does lin any other way assume any responsibiity crecly or indir

regurchase agreements for the Morigage Loans, except for the commitments set out in section
223 01 he Acional Building Block regarding replacement of the Mortgage Loans tha, a he
lime of estabishment of he Fund, do not contorm to the
22 01 the AgélionalBuilng Block

presentations contained in section

“The Bonds lsued by ho Fund neither represent nor constitute an obigation of Barclays Bank,
S.A. nor ot th Gestora. No other guarantees have been granted by any publi or private
enties, including Barclays Bank, S.A., the Gestora or any other company afilated with or
invested in by any o th above.


b) Limited protection

An investment ín tho Bonds can bo alfected, amongs! other factors, by a worsening ot the
¡general economic condiins with a negativa otfect on the payments of he Morigage Loans
hat back he Issue ol the Borde ol he Fund. In the event that non-payment ol the Mortgage
Loans reaches a high loal,tholimited protection enjoyed by the Bonds against losses in the
portfolio o! Mortgage Loans as a resul o he credit enhancements descrited in section 34.201
he Additional Bulding Block could be reduced, or even exhaustos. Simiary, ho degre
subordination of interest payments and repayment of prinipal betacen he Bonds of the
iated protection mechanism between tho diferent

ilerent Classes consltules a di

Clacses

e) — Riskotprepayment of the PHs

“The Phs pooled in the Fund wil bo prepald when the obligors prepay tha unmatured principal
ol the Mortgage Loans, or if Barclays Bank, SA. ís subrogated with respect to tha
corresponding Mortgage Loans by another financial entity authorised to do so or by vitue of
any other cause producing the same offs.

The risk impled by such prepayment wil be transterred quere
he Bondholders by means ol partial redemplion ot the Bonds, ín accordance with tho
provisions ol the rues for Disrisution ol Funde Avallbie for Redemplion as set out in section
4.92 01 the Securities Not.

ly, on each Payment Dato, to

“The rate of prepayment of the Mortgage Loans depends on a wide range ol economic, social
and other factors. For example, obligors may prepay their loans when they relnance their
loans, r all the properties (ut!
against hom). His not possibl
he portfolio.

voluntariy oras a consequence of a mor

to determino the prepayment ate that will bo experienced by


SECURITIES REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

(ANNEX VI! of Commission Regulation (EC) 809/2004 of 29 April 2004)
1. PERSONS RESPONSIBLE

1.1. Persons responsible for the information contained in the Registration
Document

Me. Luis Miralles García, acting in the namo and reprasentation ol Ahorro y Ttuización, Gestora
the "Gestora"), he entiy promoting AyT Gónova
Fondo de Tiulzación Hipotecaria (hereinafter the "Fund”) assumos

de Fondos de Titulizaión, SA. (neeinalt

Hipotecario. VI

responsisit for the content of this Registration Document.

Me. Luis Miralos García acts in his capacity as General Manager of the Gestora by virue 01
“authority contered on him by the Board of Directors in ts mesting ol 22 September 2006.

1.2. Statement of those responsibl

tor he content of the Registration Document.

Hr. Luis Miralles Garcia states, exerccing the posiion he holds, that after acting with
reasonable dligenco to ensure that iListho cas, th information contained in this Registration
Document ls, to his knowledge, in accordance with ho facts and here is no omission that could
affect ts content

2. — STATUTORY AUDITORS
2,1. Auditors of the Fund

In accordance with the provisions ol section 4.4.2 of this Registration Document, the Fund has

o historical financial information

“The annual financial statements f tho Fund aro subject o annual examination and review by
he audiors of accounts. The annual financial statements ol he Fund and the audit report
heraon will bo deposited wi ho Companios Registry, required by law.

“The Gestora willappoint the auditor of accounts to audit the annual financial statements 1 ho
Fun, notiing the CNMV ol that appeintment. Subject to any

levant las, the appolntment

dl an auditor of accounts during a given pa

od well not prevent ls appointment or following
period,

16


22. Accounting principles used by the Fund!

Revenues and expenses are recognised by the Fund using the acerual method, hat Is, based
on the actual Now such revenues and expenses represent, independent of ho time of collection

and payment thereo!

The fecal yes
exception, the fs fiscal ar wil begin on the Dato of Establishment (section 4.4.1), and the

las fiscal year wil end on the dato ot extincion of the Fund.

ol the Fund cocidas wilh he calendar year. Neverth

8, and by way ol

2. RISKFACTORS

The rik factors

dated to the issuer aro described in section 1 of this Prospectus on Ak

Factors

4. — INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER

4.1. Statement that the Issuer has been established as a securitisation fund

AyT Génova Hipotecario VI, Fondo de Tituización Hipotecaria (tha "Issuer”) is a mortgage

securiisation fund constiuted in accordanes with Spanish legieation.
4.2. Legal and business name of the Issuer

“The name ol the Issue s "AyT Génova Hipotecario VII, Fondo de Titulización Hipotecaria” and

orits identication thofolowing abbreviated names may be used without distincion:
> ANT Génova VETA

> AyT Génova Hipotecario VII, FTH

> ANT Génova VII

> AyT Génova Hipotecario VII

4... Place of registration of Issuer and registration number

“The place ol registration of tho Fund ls Spain, with tha National Securias Market Commission
(ho “CNMV ). The Fund was registered with the Offial Regitios of the CNMV on 23
November 2005.

Companies Registry


lts noted that nel

he estabishment of the Fund, nor the Bonde issued against ts assete.
il be subject to registration wih ho Companies Registry, in accordance with tho optional
authority contained in article 5.3 of Law 19/1992, ol 7 July 1992, regulating Real Estate
Investment Companies and Funds and Mortgage Securitiation Funds.

4.

Date ot incorporation and length of life of the Issuer.

4.

Fund Date of Establishment

“The Gestora and Barclays Bank, S.A. as the issuer of tho PHs on 23 Novembor 2005 wil grant
he public document forming AyT Génova Hipotecario VII, Fondo de Tiuización Hpotecara,
Aassignment by Barclays Bank, SA. to th Fund ol Mortgage Loans through isuance of Hs and
their subscription by the Fund and issuance of the Bonds by the Fund (the "Deed of
Establishment”) on ho terms contemplated in ario 5 of Law 19/1892,

“The Gestora states that the content of the Deed of Establtiment wil e consistent with he
draft Desd of Estabishrment that has been delivered to the CNMV, and with tis Prospectus
"The terms of the Desd of Estabietment will not contradict, modiy, alter or invaidate the rules

úontsined in this Prospectus

Changes can only be made to the Desd ol Establérment in exceptional cases, provided tis is
permitted under the applicable laws and the conditions established by regulation. In any event

“such actions wil require prior notic from the Gestora to the CNMV or competent adminisrate
agency, or prior authorisalion 1 necessary, and notice to tha Rating Agencies, provided that
such actions do not jeopardie Ihe rating granted to Iho Bonds by the Rating Agencies. The

Deod ol Establishmont may als bo subject to correction at the request ol the CNMV.
4.4.2 Length of Life ot tho Fund.
“The lit oh Fund wíl commence on the dato ol grant of the Deed ol Estabishment.

“The duration of he Fund wil be untl 15 September 2038 or, il hat is not a Business Day, he
oloning Business Day ("Final Maturity Date”), unless prior to that date the Early Liquidation
contemplated in section 4.4.3 ol ts Registration Document or any ol he events ol terminatian

provided or in section 4.4. ol is Registration Document has occurred.
4.4.3 Early Liquidation of tho Fund

In all casos ol propayment included in section 4.93. ol the Securiias Note, once the Fund has
bi

1 liquidated and within a maximum term o sx (6) months eckoned from tha distribution ol


ho Fun assets following the Fund Liquidation Ord
section 9.4.6 ol tho Additional Bullding Block) and the excoptional rules (contemplated in ho
same section 3.4.6 o ho Additional Bulding Block), the Gestora wil grant notarial document,
vobich wi sen to the CNMV, containing:

ol Priority of Payments (contemplated in

(2 the causes, contemplated in the Desd of Estabichment and the Prospectus, underiying
the termination of the Fund:

(te procedure for notis to the Bondholders and the CNV ol eary redemplion of the
utstancing Bonds; and

di) the distribution ol the amount available in the Fund oliowing the Fund Liquidation Order
+ Priority ol Payments contemplated in section 3.4.5 o ha AddiinalBulding Block and!
the exceptional rules contemplated in the samo section 3.4.6 of ho Additional Bulling
Block.

“The Gestora wál publish those dectaratons in a newspaper ol national circulation and wi tako
he other applicable administrativo stes.

“he following are necessary requirements for early iquidaton ah Fun:

(0 That the payment obligations derving from the Bonds issued against tho Fund may be
fuly covered and paid (the Gestora decides upon early liquidation of the Fund and
payment o less than 10% of the inial balance o! the PH remains unpaid)

Payment cbligations derving from the Bond on ho date ol eri iquidation ol the Fund!
vil be the Outstanding Principal Balance on that date plus interest acerued and not paid

ue to 1h date ol prepayment, including any applicable wilhholdings, which amounts wi
be considered o be due and enforceabe foral legal purposes on that date.

Ci) That the Bondholders be notified in the manner contemplated in section 4.1 ol the
Acdiional Bulding Block, thity (30) Business Days in advance, ot the decision ol the
Gestora regarding early liqidation of the Fund.

“That noti, which must proviousty have been made known to the CNMV, must contain a
description () ol the reason or reasons lor earyliquidation of ho Fund, () ol tha procedure to
bo implemented, as described in the folouing section and (il) ol the manner in which tho

Payment obligatlons deriving from tho Boris wil o covered and pal.



In order to effect eariyliuidalon of the Fund and early radempion ol the Bond issue upon
satistation of the requirements indicated in this section, and in order for the Fund,

applicable, to have sulfientliquiity to pay the Ouistanding Prinipal Balance ol the Bonds
plus interest accrued and not paid up lo tha dat ol redemplion, the Gestora, on bohall o and
lor tre account of the Fund:

o

o

Ú

vil sel the Ps al a price not loss than mart price. For thoso purposes, he Gestora
must solit ffers from at last five (5) of the entities most active in the purchase and

sale of mortgage market asets. The Gestora ví not be permitted to sell them ata price

less than Iho best oler reclved. Barcays Bank, S.A. wil havo a pro-ompliv right to
acquire all (but not part o those Ps on tha conditions xd by the Gestora and in any

vent at a price equal to or greater than the highest of those offered by the aoresaid

nt. In order to exercso thal pro-omptiv right, Barclays Bank, SA. wilhavo a term
últ ten (10) Business Days alte ho dato ho Gestora noti o the conditions on which
it vil transter the Ps, This pre
dectaration ol repurchase of the Phs by Barclays Bank, SA.;

mplive right in no event implies an agreement or

vil cancel tha contract which aro no necessary or the liuidation o th Fund;

vhether by reason ol Insulfconcy of the oregoing actions or the existence ol remaining
assets, wil sel the other Fund aseets. The Gestora wil be authorised to accept any offers
vhich in ts judgement cover the market value of the asset in question and which are
paid for in cash. By way ol exception, 1 may accept deferal of payments fora term not

¡reater than two (2) years. In order to fox the market value, the Gestora may obtain any

valuation reports deems necessary. Barlays Bank, SA. wil have a pre-empliv right lo
cul

on behal! of and for the account ol the Fund, vil send Barclays Bank, SA. a list of the
assets and offers received from third parties, and 1h lat
respect to all of tho assets offered by the Gestora, wihin ho thirty (30) days following,
receipt ol the nolie, provided that the olere are at least equal to he best ol hose
made by hi parts

he remaining asset ol the Fund wi proforence over third partes. Tho Gestora,

may exercise ts right wit

One the reserva for extraordinary expenses referred to in section 44.4 ol the Securiles
Fegistrtion Document has been funded, he Gestora, vil immeciatly apply al amounts
that havo been obtained rom sae ol Fund assets to payment o tho various items, in the
form, amount and Fund Liguidaton Order of Proy of Payments as appropriate under
section 34. of tho Additional Bulding Block and the exceptional rules contemplatd in
the same section 2.4.5 the Adáicnal Building Block

20


4.

“Termination of the Fund

“The termination ol he Fund will occur by reason ol ful redemplion ol the PHs pooled in 1, y
reason ol the saiyliqidaion proceduro indicated in section 4.4.3 above and in the event ol
he oocurrence of any al the causes ol termination set out in the Prospectus, which ar listed

below:

(0 viene Plis are fly redeemed:

(win any of the Rating Agencies doss not confirm the provisional raing given to the
Bonds prior to commencement of he Subscription Period:

(il) wn ho Gestora decidas on early Iquidation of the Fund because less than 10% ol the
iria balance ol the porttllo of PHs remains pending payment, provided that the sary
redemplion ol he PHs, together with the balance then existing in the Treasury Account
and, if applcabl, in tho Cash Suplus Account, allows ful payment ol all pending
úbligatios to Bondholdes, especting payments ranked highor in the Order ol Priority 1
Payments descried in section 2.4.5 ol the Additional Building Blck and the exception!

rules contemplated here.

(4) wn any exceptional event or crcumstanco not foreseen on the Dato ol Estabishment
permanently distorts the financial equitedum ot the Fund required by Law 19/1992, or
reasons extemal to Ihe development ol the Fund Isel, such as new rules or
complementary legisatvo developments, withholdings or other situations 1hat may
permanently alect tha oquilbrium;

(0 vena

1 is mon-payment indicting a serious and permanent imbalance with respect

to any of the Bonds or its foreseeabl that such non: payment wi occur:

(4) vento Bonids ar fuly

«desmed (not late han the Final Maturty Dat

(vi), in tve event ol sary lquidaion ol the Fund and redemprion of the Bonde if he Gestora s
dectared subject to insolvency proceedings or lis auhrisation ls revokad and a now
management company ls not appointedwitin a tem o four months,

lt guring the liquidation of the Fund 1
distribution ol he avaable funds in accordance with the Fund Liquidaton Order f Priority ol
Payments estabíshed in section 34.5 of the Adíional Building Block and the exceptional rules
contemplatadtherein, lt wil bo paid to Barclays Bank, S.A. the remaincr ls not comprised ol
liquid amounts because lt corresponde to PHs pending resolution of judicial or notarial

+0 ls any remainder alter making all payments through

a


proceedings intited as a consequenco of non-payment by the obligor under tho Mortgage
Loans, as contemplated in section 3.7.2, paragraph 9 of the Adional Bulding Block, both
he continuation and ho procesds ol resolution wil be in favour ol Barclays Bank, SA.

“The Gestora wil not extinguieh the Fund and cancel ts registration with the corresponding
¡overnmental registres until the remaining Fund assets have been ligidated and the Avallablo
Funds thereol have been distributed folowing the Fund Liquidaton Order ol Priority 01
Payments under section 3.4.5 of the Additional Bullng Block and the exceptional rules
contemplated therein, except lor Ihe appropriate reserve to pay the final expenses of
extincion

4.5. Domicilo, legal person:

“The Fund, in accordance with articles 5.1 ol Law 19/1992 and 1.1 ol Royal Decres 926/1998,
consiutas a separate and closed capital baso, wihout legal personaliy, the Management
Companies for Secuiisalion Funds being charged with ho establishment, administration and
legal ropresentation thereol, and, in thor capacils as managers of the business ol others,
vih representation and defence ol the interests ol the holders ol sscuritis issued against the
Funds they administer and the other ordnary credior therol.

“The domicite of the Fun is the same domici as that of the Gestora:

Calle Alcalá, no. 18, 2n4tloor
28014 Macri

Span

Tolephone: 91 59113 87

“The estabishment of the Fund is subje

to Spanish law and specifialy is undertakan in
“ccordancs wit the legal regime contemplated by () Law 19/1992, ol 7 July 1992, regulaing
Real Estate Investment Companies and Funds and Mortgage Securiisation Funde (Law
19/1992"), () Royal Decree 926/1998, ol 14 May 1998, regulaing asset securiisation fund
and companias managing securtisation funds ("Royal Decres 926/1998") and provisions
implomorting it () Law 3/1994, ol 14 Ari 1994, adapting Spanish legisiation regarding credit
entiies to the Second Banking Coordination Directiva and inroducing other modificaions
regarding th financial system (Law 3/19947) and (v) tha other legal and regulatory

provisons in effect that aro applicable from timo to timo

2


4.5.1 Tax regime of the Fund

in accordance with the provisions ol arto 1.2 ol Royal Decres 926/1998; arte 5.10 of Law

19/1992; article 7.1.3) of Royal Legislatwe Decree 4/2004, of 5 March 2004, approving the
Consolidated Text ol tha Corporate Incomo Tax Law; article 20.008.18 of Law 37/1992, of 28
December 1992, regarding the Valuo Added Tax; article 59. ol Aoyal Decres 1777/2004, 01 90
July 2004, approving tha Corporate Income Tax Regulations; ace 45.18).15 o Royal Dectes

1/1993, of 24 September 1999, approving the Consolidated Text ol the Capital Transfer Tax

and Stamp Duty Law, and theft aditional provision of Law 3/1984, ho characteristics o ho

ax regimo applicable to the Fund are as falws:

o

o

Ú

The ostablshment ol the Fund is oxempt from the "companies transactons” concept

undir the Capital Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty

"The issuance ol the Bonds is exampl rom Valuo Added Tax and tho Capital ranstor Tax
and Stamp Duty.

The Fund is subject to Corporate Incomo Tax, ls taxablo baso being determina in
accordance with the provisions ol Tie IV ol the Corporate Income Tax Law, with the

¡general rate in efect Irom timo to timo being applicable, currently ise at 35%.

(iv) With respect to revenes from the loans and other credit rights that consiute income ol
the Fund there is no obligation o wiihok or pay in on account ol Corporate Income.
Tax.

(V) The management and deposit services provided to 1ho Fund are exempt from Value
Added Tax.

(vi Subscription by the Fund ol the Pis is exempt from Value Added Tax.

4.6. Capital authorised and issued by the Issuer

Not applicable.

5. — DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS

5.1. Brie! description ot the Issuer's principal activitios

“The activity ol the Fund consists ol the acquisition of a group ot morigage loans held by

Barclays Bank, SA. granted to individuals domicied in Spain, and the issuance of Mortgage!

a


Backed Securiisation Bonds to finance the acquisition ol the loans, the underwitten placement
tic ls acrssed to qualid investors

“The Gestora in the name of ho Fund arranges a series ol financia and services transactins to
consoldate the financial structure ol the Fund, cover the timing mismatches between the
schedule of cash lows ol principal and interest on loans and hat of the Bonds and, in general
enable the financial transtormation occurring within the Fund' assets between tho financial
caracte

isis ol the Mortgage Loans and the financial characteristics o each ol tho classes ol

Bonds.
5.2. General description of the parties to the securitisation program

(0 Ahorro y Títulzación, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Ttuzación, S.A, ls the Gestora
hat wil form, administor and legal ropresont the Fund and has participated in the
financial design of ho Fund and

esuance of Bonds.

Ahorro y Títulzación, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tituización, S.A, s a securiisation
2)
tor Securitiation Fund Management Companies o the CNMV with number 5, and with

fund management company incorporated in Spain and registered with he special regi

Tax Identification Code number A-80732142, and corporate domicls in Madrid, Calle
Alcalá, no. 18, 2nd oor and CNAE 67.124,

(> Barclays Bark, SA. ls tho aller ol the Morigago Loans tha wil be assigned to the Fund
under the

upon lts establishment, wil be the Lead Manager, and an Underuri
ircumstances described in section 4.1 of the Securiies Note. It has particated in the
financial design of the Fund and the Issuance of Bonde and wil bs he counterparty ol
the Fund in the Financial Services Agreement, Morigage Loans Administratioo
Agreoment, and tha Underuriting Agresment and Management Agreemont.

Bariays Bank, SA, ls a bank Incorporated in Spain and registered with tho Special
Registry of Barks and Bankers o! ho Bark ol Spain with number 0065, wiih Tax

Identiiation Code A-47/001846 and corporate domice at Plaza de Colón no. 1, in
Magrid and Central Operating Offics at: Plaza de Colón no. 1, in Madrid and CNAE 6512.
Barclays Bank PLO directly or indirect holds 99.56% of he shares ol Barclays Bank, S.A.
1:17 October 2005.

(il) > Barclays Bark PLO, acting through lt investment banking division Barclays Capital wil o.
an Underwriter and distibuor, in accordance wih he Underwrting Agreement.

a


0)

wm

m

0)

1)

Barclays Bank PLO is a bark incoporated in accordance with English Iegilation wit
corporate domi at 1 Church Place, London £14 SHP (United Kingdom).

alings ol shor and long-term non-suborginated and unsecured debt ol Barclays Bank
PLO assigned by the

sing agencies are:
Flchs Rating — Moodys Rating — SSP' Rating

Short term. En Pa Ade
BLog term añ ha an Mreement for
Subordinated Loan for Estabhmment of the Reserve Fund, the Subordinated Loan for Set

Up Expensos and a counterpart in he Interst ato Swap Agreement

Barclays Bank PLC, Spanish Branch is a branch of Barclays Bank PLC with domicil in
Madrid, Plaza de Colón number 1

Standard and Poors España S.A. is a Rating Agency recogrised by the CNMV, to which
the Gestora has onrusted ho rating of ho crei ik o tho Bando,

Standard and Poor España SA. has lts corporate domibll in Madrid, Carrera San
Jerónimo, 15.

Moody's Investors Service España S.A. is a Rating Agency recognised by the CNMV, to
which the Gestora has entrsted th rating o th credit risk ol the Bonds.

Moody's Investors Servico España S.A. has ls corporate domice in Maid, Calls Bárbara
de Braganza, 2.

Fitch Ratings España. S.A. is a Rating Agency recognised by the CNMV, to which the
Gestora has entrusted the rating ol the credit sico the Bonds

Fitch Ratings España. SA.U. has its omicle in Barcelona, Calle Balmes 89-91

Emst 8 Young, SL ls tho company that has audied the annual financial statements for
he 2002, 2003 and 2004 fiscal years ot Ahorro y Titulzación, Sociedad Gestora de
Fondos de Tiulzación, S.A.

Emst 8 Young, SL. has lts domicle in Madrid Plaza Pablo Rulz Picasso 1, Torre Picasso,
rd Floor, ana l registered with the Official Rgsty o Aucitors o Accounts with number
$050.

2


0

0)

00

PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is the company that has audited the portal!
selected mortgage loans that in the most part wil be assigned Lo the Fund.

PricowaterhouseCoopers Auditores, SL. has its domicie in Madrid, Paseo de la
Castellana, 43, and is registered with the Official Registry of Auciors of Accounts wit
number S-0242,

Caixa d'stawvis ¡ Pensions de Barcelona wi bs an Underurite, n accordance with the
Underariing Agreement. Calxa dEstals ¡ Pensions de Barcelona is a member ol the
Contederación Española de Cajas de Ahorros (Spanish Savings Bank Confederaion).
vhich in tur holds 509% of the share capital ol Ahorro y Ttulzación, Sociedad Gestora
de Fondos de Tiulzación, SA.

atings of shor and long-term non subordinated and unsecured deb ol Caixa dais

Pensions de Barcelona assigned by the rating agencias ar:

Flchs Rating — Moodys Rating — SSP' Rating

Shortterm. Fre Pa A
Long term an Ass As

Cala d'Estavis de Catalunya wil be an Undenwite, in accordance wi the
Underwriing Agreement. Caixa d'Estavis de Catalunya is a member of the
Contederación Española de Cajas de Ahorros (Sparieh Savings Bank Confederaion).
vhich in tur holds 509% of the share capital ol Ahorro y Ttulzación, Sociedad Gestora
de Fondos de Tiulzación, SA.

Ratings o shor and long-term non-subordinated and unsecured debt ol Caixa d'Estals
de Catalunya assigned by he rating agencias are:

Flchs Rating — Moodys Rating — SSP' Rating

Short term. E Pa
Long term A Ar

2


(Qi), Fortis Bank NV-SA wil be one Underuiter, in accordance with the Underwritng
Agreoment.

Ratings o short and long-term non-subordinated and unsecured debt ol Fortis Bank NV-
SA assigned by the rating agencies are

>


Flchs Rating — Moodys Rating — SSP' Rating

Short term. En Pa Ade
Long term an Ass añ

No other Kind of ounership Interest, direct or indirect, or control is known to exist among th

roforonced legal persons that participate in ho securiation transaction,
6. — ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES

Administration and legal representation of the Fund correspond to the Gestora, Ahorro y
Thulzación, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Titización, S.A on ho terms contemplated in
Law 19/1992 and in Royal Decree 926/1998, and other applicable rules, and on the terms ol

he Deed ol Establishment and ol this Prospectus.

6.1. Establishment and registration with tho Companies Registry

Ahorro y Tiulzación, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tituización, SA. was establehed by a
publi document granted on 16 November 1993 before Madrid notary Mr. Francisco Javier Die
Lamar, with number 2608 in his notary record, with tha prior authorisaion ol the Ministry 01
Economy and Finance granted on 15 Juy 1993. 1 is rgistorad with ho Companies Registry ol
Madrid (volumo 7240, Falio 191, book O, setion 8, pago M-117365, ls registration) with Tax
Identification Code A-B0732142. lt is subject to supervision of the CNMV and registered wit
ho Special Register of the CNMV with number 5

“The duration of the Gestora Is indie, subject to the oocurrence al any ol the causes ol

dlissluton under the applicable legal provision and artis ot association,
62. Audit of accounts

“The annual financial statements ol Ahorro y Tiulzación, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de
Thuización, SA. for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2002, 2003 and 2004 have been
audied by the firm Emst 8 Young, S.L. with domicie at Plaza Pablo Ruiz Picasso 1, Torre

Picasso, Srd Floor, 28020 in Madri, which is registered with the Official Registry ol Aucitors

Accounts with number S-0590.

“The audit reports on the annual financial statements for 2002, 2003 and 2004 contained no

qualifcaions

2


6/3. Principal Astivi

In accordance with lega require

the purpose of Ahorro y Tiulzación, Sociedad Gestora
de Fondos de Ttuizació, S.A, under the second article fits Articles and Bylaws ls as follows;
“The exclusive purpose of the Companys the establstment, administration an representation
or asset securitsationfunas and mortgage secuntisaion funds!

In the following table are details o each ol the fity one (51) admiistored securiisaion funds,
indicatng the date ol establishment and the nominal amount of the bonds issued against
“and its outstanding principal balance.

2




Share capital and equity

“The share capital ol the Gestora, fuly subscrised and paid up, e 901,500 suros, represented by
150,000 nominatie shares ol 6.01 euros par value each

Al of the shares are ol he same class and conter identcalvoting, financial nd other rights.

“The oquity ol ho Gestora vor ho last threo fiscal years has boon as set out in ho following

E
TRA RITO MA AA
En Simio 08, o 00. oo
EN e e ao 0. ao
coa nano 00s o nirs Pe
a AS SI IO AS 3
tol me

Eco ca! PATAS ADOS ALO OS RO US SO,
rc ple ra

6.5. Existence or not of holdings in other companies
"There are no holdings in any other company.

6.5. Administrative, management and supervision bodi

“The govemance and acminiiraion of the Gestora under the articles of association aro

entrusted to the General Shareholders Meeting and the Board of Din

ors. Their competence
and authoriy aro those corresponding to 1hose bodies under the proviions al the Companies
Law and Law 19/1992, 01 7 Jul 1992, consitent with ho corporato purpose

The Ge

al Manager has brosd authority within the organisation and with respect o third
parts.

Board of Directors

“The Board ol Di

ars is comprised of he allowing persons:
> Chairman: Mr. José Antonio Olavarieta Aros.

> Vice Chairman: Mr. Francisco Javier Zoido Martinez.
> Director

hr. Roberto Aleu Sánchez.

a


hr. Antonio Fernández López.
hr. José María Verdugo Aras
her. Luis Sánchez Guerra Roig.

> Non-Dirctor Sec

tay: Me. Luis Ábalos Culbras.
> Non-Diretor Assistat Secrtary: Ms. Maria Araco!Loyva León,
“The business adórese ol alo! the Directors ls at Call Alcalá 18, nó flor in Madrid

None ol the board members ol the Gestora holds any posiion with any ol ho othar entiles
participating in th transaction

¡General Management

“The General Manager of tho Gestora is Mr. Luis Miralles García

Code of Conduct

“The Gestora comple with the applicable codo ol conduct. The Gestora has established a code
lt conduct pursuant to tha provisions ol Chapter 1 of Royal Decres 629/1959, o 3 May 1993,
regarding standards for acting in the securiies markets and mandatory recorckeeping. The
code ol conduct has been adapted as provided in Law 44/2002, ol 22 November 2002,

regarding Measures for storm of the Financial System.

6.7. Principal activities of the persons referenced in the preceding section,
pertormed apart from the Gestora If they aro significant with respect to tho
fund.

Shown below aro tho principal actvits o! tha persons referenced in the preceding section in
companies that are a part o tho group to which Ahorro y Titulzación, Sociedad Gestora de
Fondos de Titulzación, S.A. or in others that have a mat

al relation wi tri operation:

ES


Mame Anvestes Company Delos

peratos ná Fince
nono Coronación Financiera, SSA Craman
Gasmosa COLA. SA Cramman
nono Coronación Desaole, SGECR,SA — Chaiman
nono Coporción Desaala, SGECR,SA. Gorra Mara ad Duecor
Heat afFanceDvson

Head o Cop Matet,

acople

Ie Late Als Clas CorfeteraciónEspala e Cajas de Atos Non lector Secretary

he Arca Leyes Lat ae Esa e Cors rete Me Sr

6.8. More than 10% lenders to the Gestora

“The Gestora has not received any loan o credit rom any person or entiy

Litigation of the Gestora

“The Gestora ls not involved in any insolvency proceedings or lligaon and disputes that could
alte ls economic inancial situation or, in the future, lts capacity to cary out the
management and acmiritratio ol the Fund.

7. — MAJOR SHAREMOLDERS

7.1. Statement of direct or indirect ownership of the Gestora or whether it is
controlled.

"The owmership ol shares of the Gestora is distributed among the companies sted in th table
below, iicating the percentage ounership corresponding to sach o them:

a


¡Name of Ihe shareholding company Onership %
Confederación Española de Cajas de Ahorros ("Spanish 50

¡Savings Bank Contederaton")
Ahorro Corporación, SA. E
Total 100

For purposes ol article 42 ol the Code of Commerce, the Gestora is a part al the group ol
«companies controle by Ahorro Corporación, 5.4. andy the Confederación Española de Cajas

de Aorrs.

It noted: () that the Contederación Española de Cajas de Ahorros is the owner 01 13.87% ol
ho share capital ol Ahorro Corporación, S.A. and (1) nal Barclays Bank, SA. s not the ouner
dt any interest in the Gestora or Ahorro Corporación, S.A.

8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUERS ASSETS AND
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL SITUATION, AND PROFITS AND LOSSES.

8.1. Declaration on commencement of operations and financial statements of
lssuer prior to the date ot the Registration Document.

In accordanes with the provision ol section 4.4.2 ol his Registration Document, th Fund wi
commence actvtlss on the date ol grant o the Doed of Establshmont. Therefor, no financial

statement has been prepared as ol the dat ol this Registration Document.

8.2. Historical financial information when an issuer has commenced operations and

financial statements have been prepared

Not applicable.

23. Historical financial information on security issues with an individu
denomination of 50,000 euros or more.

Not applicable.

24. Judi

and arbitration proceedings.

Not applicable.
8.5. Material advorse change in tho Issuor's financial situation:

Not applicable.

2


9. THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENTS BY EXPERTS AND
DECLARATIONS OF ANY INTEREST

9.1. Statement or report attributed to a person as an expert

No statement o report is included.

9.2. Information from third parties

No information is included.

10. DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY

10.1. Documents on display

“The folowing documents may be inspected or copied during Ihe effective term of this

Registration Document at tha corporate domicils l the Gestora, al Call Alcalá 18, 2nd Moor

Madri:

2

»

5)

s

>

»

»

0)

the Dee Establehment of he Fund;

he cortictions and corporate esolutions of tho Gestora and Barclays Bank, S.A;

his Prospectus

the agreements that wil bo signed by the Gestora in he name and representatian
ot the Fund;

the aucit report regarding certain characterísice and atrbutes ola sample o the

¡group of Mortgage Loans selected for asigrment to the Fund;

the lotor rom tho Rating Agencias acising o th ratings assigned to each ol the
Clarces of the lssuance ol Bonds

the decaralonletor ol Barclays Bank, S.A. as Seller ol the Mortgage Loans;

the annual financial statements ol the Gestora and the corresponding audit

reports; and

the articles ol association and desd of incorporatin o the Gestora.

as


In adáiicn, the Prospectus may be consulled rough the web page ol Ahorro y Tíuizacin,

Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tituización, S.A. al tho website unww ahorroyttulzacion com or
through ALAF al ho websito uva. os.

“The Deed ol Estabishment may bo physical consuled in the Registry of Sociedad de Gestión

de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. in Madrid, Cale
Pedro Teixeira number 8

“The documents referred to in (a) tough (h) also may be consulted at the CNMV, in Madrid,
Paseo de la Castelana 19.

36


SECURITIES NOTE ]

(Annex XII! of Commission Regulation (EC) 809/2004 of 29 April 2004)

1. PERSONS RESPONSIBLE

1... Persons responsible for the information contained in the Securit

Note

her Luis Miralles Garcia acting for and on behalf of Ahorro y Titulización, Sociedad Gestora de
Fondos de Títulzación SA, entity promotrg AyT Génova Hipotecario VII, Fondo de

Thtización Hipotecaría, assumes responsibiliy for the contents o this Securities Note.

Me. Luis Miralles García acts as General Manager ol the Gestora by virtue ot the powers
onfered on him by the Board of Director at their meeting on 22 Seplember 2005

1.2. Declaration of tho persons responsible for tho Securities Noto

her. Luis Miralles García declares that, after appying
so, the information contained in his Securities Not is o his knowisdge, consistent with he

asonable ligene to ensure that this is

act and contains no omissions that coul affect ts content
2. RISKFACTORS

The risk factors linked to the securiies are detaled in section 2 on Fisk Factors of this
Prospectus.

“Te ik factors lnkod to ho assets backing ho Issue aro detalle in section 3 on lsk Factors
this Prospectus

3. KEYINFORMATION
3.1. Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the otter

“The identiy ol the legal persons taking part in the ofor and the director indirect sharoholdings
“among these are detalla in section 5.2 of the Registration Document. Tho interest of ho
úaforementioned legal persons as regards tir participation in the Bond Issue is as follows:

(0 Ahorro y Ttuzación, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Ttuización, S.A is the Gestora ol
the Fund.

a


o

Ú

0)

wm

m

0)

1)

0

0)

00

The financial structuring of the Fund and of the Bond Issue has been carried out by
Ahorro y Tituización, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tiuización, S.A. and by Barclays
Bank, S.A.

Barclays Bank, SA. is the Seller o the Mortgage Loans to be transerred to the Fund. ML
tor ol the Mortgage Loans in accordance wit the Prospectus and the
terms ol the Administration Agreement for the Mortgage Loans, as Lead Manager, as
Financial Agent under the terms and conditions established in tis Prospectus and in the

Financial Servico Agreement, and as Underuriter should the circumstancos described in

acts as Admin

section 4.101 the Securtss Note ars.

Barclays Bank PLC, through lts investment banking division Barclays Capital, wil ct as
Underwrter and disributor under th terms and conditions of is Prospectus and ol the
Underwrting Agreement.

Barclays Bank PLC, Spanish Branch acts as counterparty in the Interest Swap Age
and as londor in tho Subordinated Loan for Set Up Expenses and ho Subordinated Loan
for he Establishment of the Reserve Fund Agreement.

ment

Standard and Poors España SA, Moody's Investors Servico España, SA. and Fitch
Ratings España. SA.U. are Rating Agencies recognised by the CNMV wich he Gestora
has commissioned to assess hs credit is ol the Bonds.

Emst 8 Young, 1. has aucied the annual financia statements for 2002, 2003 and 2004.
úl Ahorro y Ttulzación Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Ttulzación, S.A

PricewaterhouseCoopere Auditores, S.L. has audiled he assets subject to secuntisaion
via the Fund

Uría, Menéndez y CIA, Abogados .C.. as independent consultant, has provided legal
advice for the establhment ol the Fund and the Bond issue and has reviewed the
statements regarding ho tax treatment ol the Fund,

Caixa dEstawvis i Pensions de Barcelona will act as Underuriter on the terms and
conditions o he Prospectus and Underurting Agresment

Caixa dEstalis de Catalunya wil ct as Underwniter on tho terms and conditions of th
Prospectus and the Underwriing Agreement

3


(Qi), Fortis Bank AVISA will act as Underwiter under the terms and condilions 01 the
Prospectus and the Underwriing Agreement

The Gestora is not amare of any other link or sigificant financial interest among the
aforementioned entes who have partipated in the Bond Issue, other than the stcty

professional links or interest derving from their participation as described in this section.

4. — INFORMATION CONCERNING TME SECURITIES TO BE OFFERED AND
ADMITTED TO TRADING

4.1. Total amount of the securities

“The aggregato nominal amount ol the Bond Issue will be ONE BILLION FOUR HUNDAEO
MILLION (1 400,000,000) Euro, comprising TWENTY EIGHT THOUSAND (28,000) bond. This
nominal amount is divided into four Bond Ciasees:

(0 The borde comprising Class A1 (“Class A1 Bonds"), for a total nominal amount 01
THREE HUNDRED AND EIGHT MILLION (308,000,000) Eur, comprsos SIX THOUSAND.
ONE HUNDRED AND SIXTY (6,180) Bonds with a nominal value of FIFTY THOUSAND.
(60,800) euros each, represented by book entras.

(The bonds compriing Class A2 (Class A2 Bonds") for a total nominal amount of ONE
BILLION FORTY-EIGHT MILLION FOUR HUNDRED AND FIFIY THOUSAND
(1,048.450,000) Euro, comprises TWENTY THOUSAND NINE HUNDRED AND SIXTY-MINE
(20.369) Bonde with a nominal value of FIFTY THOUSAND (50,000) euros each.

represented by book entries

(il) The bonds comprising Class £ ("Class B Bonds”) for a total nominal amount ol
TWENTY TWO MILLION FOUR HUNDRED THOUSAND (22.400.000) Euro, comprises
FOUR HUNDRED AND FORTY EIGHT (448) Bonds with a nominal valuo ot FIFTY
THOUSAND (50,000) euros each, represented by book entries.

(v) The bonds comprising Class C (Class C Bonds”) for a total nominal amount ol
TWENTY ONE MILLION ONE HUNDAED AND FIFTY THOUSAND (21,150,000) Euro,
comprisos FOUR HUNDRED AND TWENTY-THAEE (423) Bond with a nominal value ol
FIFTY THOUSAND (50,000) euros each represented by book entries

“The subscription and omnership ol Bonds ol one Class does not imply tha subscription or
umership ol Bonds ol another Clas.

3


Underwriting of the distribution of the Bond issue.

“The Underariing wil be carried out by Barclays Bank PLC, acting through is investment
banking dviion Barclays Capita, Caca dEstalvs  Pensions de Barcelona, Cala d“Estalis de
Catalunya and Fortis Bank NV-SA (hereinalter, the “Underwriters”) for ths following amounts
abi

present the initial underwriing commitment ol each entity

Underuriter "Nominal amount
Class A1 Notes | Class AZ Notes [Class E Notes] Class € Notes

EOS

lacio tough ds

muestren — banking| S08:000000€ | 101Baso00€ | 22a00.00€ | 21,150.00€

ssionBarys Capital

Cana Ena Pers

10,000.00 € - -

de Barcelona

Cala Ena

10,000.00 € - -

Cataluna

For Bank VS 1020000 E
orar ESO IO O
“The Underwrters assume the obligations contained in tho Uncerwrking Agreement, namely: ()

o subecibs for the Bonds which have not bsen subscrbed or onos the Subscription Period has
ended, up o he amounts estabished for each; (1) to pay into the account held at the Bank ol
Spain by the Financial Agent, Barclays Bank, S.., the amount of the issue unceruriten by
act Underunier after deducting the amount of the agresd underwrting ee, before 11:00 a.m.
Madrid time on the Closing Date, for valve that same day; () to provide subscrive
document acerediing thsir subscripilon; and (1) other aspects goveming underwiting and
distribution.

vih a

“The Underwrters wil recove an underwriing tes o 0-10% ot the total nominal amount o! he
Bonds they have underuriten by vitue of the Underuitng Agreement to be entered into by
he Gestora acting for and on behalf ol the Fund. This fee will be paid by the Fund on the
losing Date. by its deduction from he amount underwriten which each Underuiter wil pay
he Financial Agent in the account open al the Bank of Spain in ho name of Barlays Bank.
S.A, in accordance with the provision of tho Underariing Agreement.

“The underwiing commitment enisaged here is provisional and condiional on tha Gestora, ho
Lead Manager and the Underwrites reaching an agreement on the final margins applicable to

“o


he Bond Classes prior to tho start ol the Subscripion Period. If such an agreoment ls not
orihcoming (or fl ho Underwriing Agreement is cancelad due 10 the invoking ol one ot he
conditions forte

.mination indicated below), tho Underuitrs who disagreo with ho margíns
established (or who invoke one of the conditions for terminatio indicated below) shall be reed
al thsircommitments and the Gestora shall be authorized to fi he final margins self n is
vent, Barclays Bank S.A. promises to underuito (and, applicable, to place) the subscription

al haze Bonds which the Underuriter or Underuriters in disagreement or which has or have
invoked one of the conditions for termination indicated below had pledged to underwits, in
exchange tor an underwriing fee ol 0.10% of the
“underariten. is is the cae, the Gestora wil inform the CNMV that finaly Barclays Bank,
S.A. will actas Underwritor by viruo ol this underwting commitment.

tal nominal amount of the Bonds

“The Underuriting Agreement includes resoluory condiions which may bo invoked by the
Undermiters and which would result in Bardays Bark, SA. taking on the undonwiting
commitments. These conditions, in action o disagreament over ha fxing ol marginsreforad
o above, roer to the following matters: (the cccurrence ol any material adverse change or
dl any event which may give rise to a material adverse change in the situation (Mnancial or
úthervise) ol the Fun, of the Morigago Loans or of the PHs since Iho dato ol subscription ol
he Underwrting Agreement or the accurrence ol any event or crcumstancs which may give
ríseto certain of the representaions and warranties contained theren being material false or

incorrect on the Closing Date, and in ho opinion ol Barcays Bank LO, acting through lts

investment banking division Barclays Capital, on behall ol all the Underariers, a change has
scurtad in the national and international financia, polial or economio situation, or in
exchange rates or ín ha control ol orelgn investments which may significant prejudico he
úuecess ol the distribution and oler ol the Bonde or the trading ol the Bonds on the secondary
mark

“The Underaring Agreement is subject to English law. The Underuriting and Management
Agreement by vitue of which Barclays Bark, S.A would act as Underuiter in tho
cicumstances described in this section and, independently ol 1he occurrenco ot said

dircumstances, as Lead Manager, shall subject to Spanish law.

Barclays Bak, SA. wil actas Load Managor in tho Bond Issus. Barclays Bank, S.A. il receive
a total management es ol 0.01% of the nominal amount of h Bond issue


4.2. Description ot tho type and class of the securitios

“The bonde enjoy the legal status of martetable ficeincome securits with explicit
and are subjet to the regime provided by the Spanish Securities Market Law and ts

implemonting regulations.

um,

4.3. Legislation undor which the securii

have been created:

“The establishment of the Fund and the issue ol the Bonds are subject to Spanish legslaion
and, special, to: () Law 19/1992, ol 7 July 1982, governing Real Estate Investment
¡Companies an Funds and Mortgage Securiiatlon Funds; (i) Law 24/1988, ol 28 July 1988, on
ho Securitas Markot, modified by Law 37/1998, ol 15 November 1998, Law 44/2002, ol 22
November 2002, and Royal Decres 5/2005, among others, and the applicable implementing
provisins; (li) Commission Regulation (EC) 808/2004 o 29 April 2004; (1) Royal Decre
926/1998 and ¡te implementing regulations, and (V) the rest of the applicable legal and

regulatory provisins in ore from timo to tim.

According to the Munisterial Order ol 30 December 1992, on solvency standards for credit
institutions, and the Ministerial Order of 29 December 1992, on capital and supervision on a
consoldated basis of securiie dealer fims and broker firms and sir groups, both as
“amended by he Ministerial Order 0 13 April 2000 and, inter aa, ho st by the Order ol 27
December 2002, and the second by the Order ol B January 2003, the securits isued by he
Mortgage Securiisatión Funds re

red to by Law 19/1992 wil have a weightng ol 50% in
relation to tha solvency ratio they must maintan, provided thir credit quality, in the Judgment
the CAM, is al last equal o tha o tho undaring mortgage loans.

ant

gistration date ol this Prospectus, the CNMV has given the Class AI and AZ Bonde the
sighting mentioned in the preceding paragraph, haven taken into account the following
actors: () that the Mortgage Loans have been granted and secured with a fist mortgage on
homes located in Spain; () that the Mortgage Loans and th PHs comply wit ho requirements
the applicable legisation regulting the mortgage market; () that the principal of each ol
he Mortgage Loans is not in excess ol 80% ol the appralsed value ol tho morigaged home;
(1) the representations glven by 1h Issuer and set out in section 223 of the Addilonal
Bullig Block; and (u) the rating granted by the Rating Agencies set out in sectión 7.5 ol he
¡Securities Note, as evaluation of hs financial ik o! the Bonde.

“The Class B and C Bonds do not enjoy th 50% weighting in tha solvency ratio of cradí
institutions and ol securiies dealer fms and brok

ms rofered to by the aloresaid Orders.

“e


“The Deed ot Establiamont shall ho governed and interpreted in accordance with Spanish

Tegiiaio,

4.4. Indication of whether the securities are in registered or bearer form and

Whether the securties are in certificated or bool-entry form.

“The Bond issued against the Fund shall bo represented by book entries in accordance with

article 59 of Law 19/1992 and shall be consttuted as such by virtu of sir registration in he
«corresponding accounting record. The Desd of Establshment vil have the efect envisaged in
Article 6 of Law 24/1986.

“The denominaton, number ot units, nominal value and other characteristics and condiions
requited to identiy tho Bonds represented by book entris are those included in tho Deed ol
Establtment an in his Securities Note.

“The Bondholders wil e identsd as such in the accounting registe

managed by the Entiles
participating in the Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Regisro, Compensación y
Liquidación de Valores, S.A, which wi bo ho entity charged wii the accounting register o th
.4
ut in accordance with tho operating rules applicable o securies quoted on th AIAF Fixed

Bonds in the Desd of Establtment,so hat he clering and setlement ol the Bonds is car

Income Market and represented by book entries already in force orto be approved in ts future
by the Sociedad de Gasllón de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de
Valores, SA.

“The Sociedad de Gestión delos Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores,
S.A. has lts reistred oca a Gall Pedro Telseira n* 8, 28020 Madrid.

4.5. Currency of tho issue
“The Bonds wil be denominated in euros.
4.5. Classification of the securities according to the subordination rules

epayment of tho prinipal ot Class AZ Bonds ranks below that for Class A1 Bonds, whle
interest on both Classes wil bo paid on a pro rata basis. In tur, payment ol nterst and
ropayment ot the principal of Class Bl Bonds ranks below that for Class AZ Bonds, whlo
payment of interest and repayment of ho principal o Class C Bonds ranks below that for Class
3 Bonds (except for hs proviions ol section 4.2.2.5 below regarding he pro rata repayment ol
he principal ol Classes A2, B, and C). The conditions for subordination among tho various
Classes aro described in tho Order at Priority o Payments and in the Fund Liquidation Order of

“


Priorty ot Payments emisaged in section 3.4.5 ol tha Additional Building Block to the
Prospectus.

“The subscription and omnership ol Bonds ol one Class does not imply the subscription or
umershi ol Bands ol another Clas.

4.6.1 Ranking of interest payments for the Bonds ot each ot tho Classos in the Order
ot Priority of Payments of the Fund

Payment o the nteost accrued by Bonds ol Class A1 and AZ ranks fourth (4”) in ho Order 1
Priorty ol Payments eetabished in section 2.45 of the Addilonal Building Block, without
prejudic to tha exceptional rules onvisaged in said section, and fourth (41) in the Fund
Liquidation Order of Priority o! Payments establshod in section 2.4.6 o the AdgiionalBulling
Block.

Payment ol the interst acerued by Bonds of lass B ranks fit (5") in the Order ol Priority
Payments estabished in section 3.45 of the Additional Buicing Bleck, without prejuice to the
possible dferral ol his payment envisaged there, and seventh (7*) in tho Fund Liquidation
Order ol Priority ol Payments estabiehed in section 2.4.5 of he Addional Building Blcck

Payment o tho interest accrued by Bonds o Clas C ranks sxth (6?) in ho Order ol Priority 1
Payments estabíshed in section 2.45 of the Additional Buiing Bleck, without prejuice to the
possible deferal ol this payment envisaged thorcin, and ninth (9) in the Fund Liquidation
Order ol Priority ol Payments estabiehed in section 2.4.5 of he Addional Building Blc

4.6.2 Ranking of repayment of principal for the Bonds ot each of tho Classes in the
Order 0 Priority of Payments ot tho Fund!

epayment ol the prinopal of Bonds of Cass A1 ranks seventh (7") in the Order ol Priority ol
Payments estabishod in setion 3.4.5 of the Additional Buiing Bleck, without prejuico to the
exceplienal rules emvisaged in said section, and, in paricular, to the rules for the

Distribution of the Funds Available for Redemption among the Bonds of each Class”
established in section 4.92, and fth (S") in the Fund Liquidation Order ol Priority ol Payments
úenvsaged in section 3.4.6 o the Additional Buling lock

epayment ol the pricipal of Bonde ol Class AZ ranks sight (8") in the Order af Priority ol
Payments estabishod in setion 3.4.5 of the Additional Buiing Block, without prejuico to the
exceplienal rules emvisaged in said section, and, in paricular, to the rules for the

Distribution of the Funds Available for Redemption among the Bonds of each Class”


established in section 4.92, and ssh (6) in tho Fund Liquidaion Order ol Priority ot Payments
úenvisaged in section 2.4.6 o the Adgitonal Buliing Black.

epayment ol the principal of Bonds of Class B ranks ninth (9") in the Order ol Priority ol
Payments estabished in section 3.45 of the Additional Buiing Bleck, without prejuico to the
exceplienal rules emvisaged in said section, and, in paricular, to the rules for the

Distribution of the Funds Available for Redemption among the Bonds of each Class”
established in section 4.92, and sight (8") in the Fund Liquidation Order ol Priority ol
Payments envisaged in section 2.4.5 ol the AdcítionalBuiding Block.

epayment ol the prinopal of Bande of Clase C ranks tenth (109) in the Order of Priority ol
Payments, without prejucico to the exceptional rules envisaged in said section, and, in
particular, to the rules for the "Distribution of the Funds Available for Redemption
“among the Bonds of each Class" estabiehed in section 4.92, and tenth (10%) in the Fund
Liquidation Order o Priority ol Payments envisaged in section 3.4.6 ol the AdéiionalBullcing
Block.

4.7. Description ot tho rights attached 10 tho securities

“The economic and financia rights for the Bondholders which a

associated wih he acquisition
and holding ol the Bonde wil be those derived from the interest rates, yilds and repayment
«condition with wi the Bonds are issued and which are detailed in sections 4.8 and 4.9 01
is Securitis Note.

“The Bondholdere and other creitrs of the Fund shall not be authorised to take any action
against ho obligors of tha Mortgage Loans who havo delaulted on their payment oblgations
Only the Gestora, in representation ol the Fund owing he PHs, may take this action.

“The Bondholdere and other creitrs of the Fund shall not be authorised to take any action
Against the Fund or against the Gestora in the event of hs non-payment ol amounts owed by
«demplion ol the PHS,
non-compliance by the counterpartiss to operations entered into for and on behalt of the Fund,

he Fund as a result ol he existence ol non-performance or the sary

or tha insulicioncy of the financial operations card out as protection o sas the financial

servcing ol the Bonds of each Class

“The Bordhokdere and other crediors of the Fund shall not be authorsed to take any actions
against Barclays Bank, SA, issuor ol he PHs, o against the Gestora, respecte, other than
hose derting from non-compliane with hair respectiva functions and, accordingly, never as a

úconsequence ol the existence ol non performance or o prepayment.

as


All questions, disputes, lawsulls and claims which may derve from the establtment,
administration and legal representaton by the Gestora o! AYT Génova Hpotecario VII, FTH and
af the Bonds, shall be heard and adjudged exclusively by the Courts and Tibunals ol the City ol
Madri Span.

4.8. The nominal interest rate and provisions relating to interest payable
4.8.1 Nominal interest rate of the Bonds.

“The Bonds of esch Class wil accrue an annual nominal interest, variable quarteriy and wit

quart

ly payment, which wil o the one that

suls from appiying the rules established below,

“The resulting annual nominal interest rate (heroinafto ho “Nominal Interest Rato”) shall bo
paid quanterly on each Payment Date on the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Bonds o esch
Class (he Iwo concepts being descriad in sections 4.8.2 and 49.33 ot 1h Securiias Note
respectively and following), provided that tha Fund has suficont funds in accordance wi the
Order ol Priority ol Payments envisaged in section 3.4.6 of the Adgiional Building Block and
with tve Fund Liquidation Ord
úAdálional Bulding Block.

t Priority ol Payments envisaged in section 3.4 of the

Víthholdings, payments on accounts, contributions and taxes alresdy established or to be
estable in the future on principal, interest or retums of tha Bond wil be bone solely by
he Bondholders, and their amount wi be deducted, wi
on behall ol the Fund in the manner established by law.

appropriat, y ho Gestora fo and

48:11. Acerualofinteret

The term of the issue will be divided into succesciva “Interest Perlods” consisting ol
the actual days between each Payment Date, including in each Interest Period the initial
Payment Date and excluding the final Payment Dato, in accordance with the goneral
rogime and with the excoptions envisaged in section 4.82 of the Securities Noto.
Exceptional, the fist Interest Period wil have a term difernt to the quarter
od between and including the Closing Date and, but excluding. the
first Payment Dato, in both cases calculated on the basis ola 260-day year.

equivalent to tho ps

4.12. Nominal Interes Rate

The Nominal Interest te for sach Int

+1 Period wil be 1h sum ol () ho Reteronce
Interest te or, necessary, ts substitute, both described in section 4.8.1.3 below, and

(a margin for each Class

4


+ Class Al: margin botwosn 0,02% and 0.10%, both inclusv.

+ Class AZ: margin botwosn 0.10% and 0.20%, both inclusv.

+ Class B: margin between 0.20% and 0.40%, both inclusive.

+ Class G: margin between 0.40% and 0.80%, both inclusive

The margin applicable to each Cass, stated as a percentage, shal bo estable by ho
Gestora, after consulting with he Lead Manager and with the Underwiters before 11:00
(CET) on the first day of ho Subscription Period.

The final margins applicable to each Clase shall be notiied in writing by the Gestora,
belore ho beginning of the Subscription Period, to the Load Manager and to the
std in subscrbig to the Bonds. AL
ho same timo tho Gestora wil also notiy the CNMV as additional information to the

Underwrters for them to inform the invesors int

Prospectus.

The final margin applicable to each Class wil be registered in ho Notarial certiato for
th payment of the Bond Issue

If no agreement is reached with the Lead Manager and with tho Underwniers the
Gestora will the following definitiva margíns tel

+ ClassA1:0.05%

+ Class A2:0:15%

+ ClassB:0.30%

+ CassC:0.50%

48.13. Reference Interesi Rate and'ts determination (Euribor).

(0 For to fest Imerest Pa
rat applicable lo tho Bonds wil bo an intepolation o the 3-month Euribor rato
“Euro InterBlank Offered Rate" and the 4-month Euribor rat, and or the os
int calculated and cisseminated by the
BRIDGE financial information system by order ol tha FBE (“Federation Bancairo.
de F'Union Europeene”) fed at 11:00 am. (CET, “Central European Time”)

.t

lod the reference interest rate for calculting the int

ot Pericds, the Zmonih Euribor rat

wr


on the Interest Rate Fixing Dato, and which is currenty published on electronic
page EURIBORO!, supplied by REUTERS, and on electronic pago 248, supe by
Dow Jones Markets (Bridgo Telrato), or any other pago that could replace these
for his service.

The aforementioned interpolation wil take into consideration tha number ol days
elapsed between the Closing Date (as deinad in section 413), inclusive, and the

st Payment Dato, exclusivo.
The formula for carrjing out the interpolation wil o as follows:

Tca= [(TL- TO) / (DL - DC) x (Da - DC)] + TC

Vine

TOa she rte resulting from the inerpolatio, expressed as a percentage.

TL istherate or the long period (4 months), expressed as a percentago.

TG Istherate or the short period (3 months), expressed as a percentago.

DL isthe number ol days in ho long period (120 days);

DO isthe number ol days in ho short period (30 days); and

DCa ls tho numbor of days between tho Closing Dato, inlusv, and tho first

Payment Data, exclusive

Al present, hs Euribor rte ls the rate offered for interbank deposits at term in
Euros, calculated as the dally mean of quotations supplied by a panel ol 57 of the.

active banks in the Euro zone. The rate is quoted on the calulaión baso of
actual days ul matuiy and a 360-day year, and it is set at 11:00 a.m. CET.
(6) decimal figures.

expressed with e

"The resulting Reference Interest ate wil be expressed as a percentage rounded!
own to tha nearest one thousand ol a percentago point or rounded up to the
pearest thousandin the dilerences o the closet higher and lower thousand

are equal
(In the event o tha absence ol or inabilty to obtain tho rate astablshad in the
above section (), the substituto Aelrence Interest Rate will bo 1ho result ol

“e


cakulating the simple arttmetic mean ol ho intobank interest rats offered for
onranst

able deposit operations, in Euros, wi three (3) months matunty, o.
est Interes Per, with between Ihreo (3) and our (4) months maturty,
on the Interest Rate Fiing Dato, quoted by iho barks indicated below (the
“Reference Banks”) upon prior simultaneous request to sach of these by the
Gestora Iwough the Financial Agont after 11:00 a.m. (CET) ol the Interest Rato
Fiing Date.

for the

+ Banco Bbao Vucaya Argentaria, SA.
+ Banco Santander Central Hispano, S.A.

+ Contederación Española de Cajas de Ahorros
+ Deutsche Bank AG

.t

In the event tha its no possible o apply ho above substitute reference in
rate, due lo the fact that one of the above mentioned Aeference Banks does not
provide a continuous quotaton, th interest rate to be applied will be tha int
rate equal to the simple arthmetc mean ol the interest rates quoted by at east
uo (2) of the remaining Roterence Banks.

.t

The subsitute Pt

jane Interes Rate will bo expressed as a percentago rounded
own to tha nearest one thousand ol a percentago point or rounded yp to the
nearest thousandih the diferences between the closest higher and lower
thousand are equal.

(li In ho absonce of or imposshity of btaining the rates establhd in sections ()
and (l) above, the interest ato to be apple shall o 1ho last Aeteronce Int
fate applied to the last Interest Period and this rate wil be applied for all

rest Periode while this situation continues. For the fist Interest

7]

successivo
Period, the aloromentioned interpolaion vil be carried ut with th last 3 mont
and 4 month Euribor rates avalable immediately prior to 11:00 am. (GET) on th
Interest ate Fxing Date, calculated and distributed as described in paragraph ()

above.

The Gestora wil keep tho content lts of the Routers EURIBORD1 and Telerato
248 sereens, or, where appropriate, ol the quotations published by the Reference
Banks, as aceraiing documents for the Euribor rato apple

“e


48:14. Interest Rate Fig Date

Except for th fret Interest Period, the Nominal Interest Rate applicable to the Borde ol
act ol the Classes for ssch Interest Period will be determined by the Gestora for and on
bohall ol the Fund at 11:00 am. (CET) on the second business day prior to each
Payment Date (hereinater the “Interest Rate Fixing Date”) and wil be applied for the
dod.

tallowing Interest Pe

The reference inereet rate for the first Interest Period wil be fised at 11:00 a.m. (CET)
n the Date ol Establrment, while Ahe Nominal Interest Rate applicable to the Bonde ol
ach of Ine Classes for the fist Interest Period wil be determined belore 11:00 a:m.
(CET) on the day ol the star of ho Subscription Period (once he defnitiwe margíns have
been flsed) and shall bo notifed in writing by the Gestora, before the start ol the
Subscription Period, to tho Load Manager and to tho Undenariters for them to inorm th
ested in subscribing to the Bonds. Furthormore, the Gestora shall also
noti the CNY of this, as supplementary information to this Prospectus, in adan to
the Governing Body ol AIAF and the Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registr.
Compensación y Liquidación de Valores SA.

investore inte

"The Nominal Interest ate determined for each o! the Classes o Bonds for the folowing,
Interest Períods wil be notte to the Bondhoiders within te term and in the manner
envisaged in section 4.1.1 o he Acáltional Building Block

4.1.5. Formula for calulaing interest

Interest payable on each Payment Date in respect ol each Interest Period will be
calculated according to th folowing formula:

1=PxRxd/360
Vibere:

st payable on th relevant Payment Date

P= Outstanding Principal Balance ol each Bond on the Determination Dato
corresponding to said Payment Dato.

A= Nominal Interest ato expressed as an annual percentago.

tod.

á= Actual number ol days olapcod during each Interes Pe

so


For meraly informativo purposes, h following char shows the 3=month and 4-mont
Euribor rates publshd during the last year on th feerth day ol each month or, not
a business day, on ho following day.

3 months Euribor evolution

ausasccccusál

4 months Euribor evolution.

ETSiSISnS

4.8.2 Dates, place, entities and procedure for tho payment ol interest.

“The interest on the Bonds for each Class wll bo pald on the 18” of March, June, Septemb
and December ol each year, tha fst Payment Dato being 15 March 2008, until thir final
redemplion (each ol these datos, in accordance with the proviins ol the allowing paragraph,
a "Payment Date"), via ho procedure outined in section 4.1.2 ol this Securities Note

In the event that any ol he dates mentioned in th previous paragraph are nota Business Day,
he Payment Date shall bo the next Business Day and interest for the Interest Period in
progress wil acerus up to but not including sald next Businoss Day.

For tho purposes ot his issue of Bonds, and throughout their lo, "Business Days" wil bo
considered as all those days that do not fal on

si


+ Saturday
+ Sunday

+ non-operaling days according to the TARGET (“Trans European Automated:
Roal-Timo Gross Settlement Express Transtor System”) calendar in force al
the time, which in 2005 aro 1 January, Good Friday, Eastor Monday, 1 May, 25
Decembar and 26 December;

+ Aholidayinthe city ol Madri.

“The first Payment Date for interest on the Bonds ol all the Classes sal be 15 March 2006, wit
est Rate being accrued from the Closing Date (envsaged in

inclusive, until but not including 15 March 2005.

he com

«ponding Nominal Int

section 4.13. of the Securities Note)

Both the interest resulting in favour of Bondholder of each Class, calculated according to the
1 acerued but not yal paid, wil bo
noted to holders in he manner described in section 4.1 af the Acálicnal Guiding Bock at

provisons o section 4.8.1.5 above, and Iho amount o int

least one (1) calendar day prior to each Payment Date,

Payment ol the interest accrued by tha Bonds wil ake place on each Payment Dat

provided
ho Fund has sulfcontliquiity or ti, in accordance with tha Order ot Priority ol Payments
established in section 3.4.5 ol the Additional Building Block, and the exceptional rules envisaged
herein, and the Fund Liqudation Order ol Priority ol Payments astabishod in section 3.4.5 of
he AgcitionalBuiling Block an he exceptional rules envsaged therein.

In the event hat on a Payment Date, the Fund does not have enough funds to make ful ora
partial payment ol interest accrued on the Bonds of any of the Classes in accordance with he
Order ol Priority ol Payments establshod in section 3.4.6 ol ho Securities Noto and tho Fund
Liquidation Order of Priority of Payments established in section 2.4.5 o the AdólionalBulling
Block, tha amounts not recelved by Bondholders shall o paid on th folowing Payment Dato,
equal to that applld 10 the Bonds of the
rest Perlas) untl the Payment Dato on which tho deferred
interest is paid, without acering default interst and without his implying captalisaion ol the

Deferred interest shall acrus interest for Bondhalder

respective Clases during he 1

det

“The Fund, through tho Gestora, may not defer payment ol interest on ho Bonds beyond the
Final Maturity Date, or, f his is not a Business Day, he following Business Day.

se


“The financial servi for the Issue of he Bonde wil be executad Ihrough the Financial Agent,
th wc the Gestora, for and on behalf of the Fund, wil enter into a Financial Services
Agreement

4.9. Date of maturity and repayment of tho securitios

4.9.1 Repayment price of the Bonds, specilying the existence of premiums,
bonuses, allotments or any other financial advantage.

“The repayment prie for the Bonds of al the Classes wil be ty thousand (50.000) euro per
Bond, equivalent to 100% of he nomina value, payable progresslaly on each Payment Dato,

AI the Bonds ot the same Class shall be repald in equal amounts via ho reduction ol he
nominal valus ol sach of these. The amount to bo repaid for ho redemplion o the Bonds 01
each Ciass on each Payment Date shall bo calculated as envisaged in section 4.92 of this
¡Secure Note.

4.9.2 Specific characteristics of tho redemption of each of the Classes of Bonds.

4921. Badempion ol Class A1 Bars

The redemplion of Clase A1 Bonds vil be carried out on pro rata basis among these
via the reduction of the nominal value of each Bond, until this ls completed, on each
Payment Date.

The frst Payment Dato for the redemption of Class A1 Bordo shall be 15 March 2006,
in accordance with the rules contained in section 4.2.2.0 the Securities Note.

49.22 Bedemplin of Class A2 Borde

"The redemplion of Clas AZ Bonds wil be carried out on apro rata basis among thess via
the reduction of the nominal value of each Bond, unti this is completed, on each

Payment Date, where appropriate.

Th first Payment Dato for tho redemplion of Class AZ Bonds wil bo the Payment Dat
on which all Class A1 Bond have been redeemed.

se


4923 Redemption of Class B Bonds

Th
the

«demplion ol Clas B Bonds vil e care out on a pro rata basis among these vía
duction of the nominal value of each Bond, untl this is completed, on each
Payment Date, where appropriate.

"Th first Payment Dato for the redemplion of Class B Bonds wil bo ho Payment Dato on
which all Clase A2 Bonds have been redeemed, without prejudice to the rules for the
allcation ol the Funds Avallabo or Redemption envisaged in section 4.9.2.5 below.

4924. Redemption of Class Bonds
The regemplion o Clase Bons wil be care ut on a pro rata basis among heee via

the recuction ol

:e nominal value of vach Bond, untl this is completed, on each
Payment Date, where appropriate

Th

ist Payment Dato or he redemption ol Class G Bonds wil bo the Payment Date on
which all Class 8 onde have been redeemed, without prejucice to the rules for the
allcation ol the Funds Avalabo or Redemption envisaged in section 4.9.2.5 below.

4925 Distibulion ol the Funds Avallable for Redemption among. the Bonds ol east
Class

The Bonds ol Classes B and G may be partaly redeomed even ll Class AZ Bonds have.
ot been fully edeemed, in accordance wit ho following rules:

18t The Funds Avalable for Redemplion of the Bonds shal be alocated entry to the
redemption of Class A1 Bands unti the Payment Dat on which Iheso aro fuly
redeemed.

2ná Once Iho Class A1 Bonds have bon ful redoomed and until the fest Payment
Date (nclusie) on which tho Outstanding Púínipal Balance of Classes B and Cs
equal to or higher Mhan 5.22% ot the Outstanding Principal Balance af all he
Classes, the Funds Available tor Redemption shall be fuly allcated o the
redemption ot Class AZ Bando,

3rd From the Payment Date subsequent to that on which the ratio between the
Outstanding Principal Balance of Clase Bl and C and the Ouistanding Principal
Balance ol al the Classes is aqua to or higher than 622%, the Funds Available for
edemplion shall be allecated to the redemplion ol Classes AZ, B and O

se


proportionally among theso, so that this rio remains at 6.22% or the noarost
possible higher percentage.

However, he proportional redemplion ol Classes A2,B, and O shall nol bo carried
ut and the Funds Avallblo for Redemplion halle alloated. sequentiay to the
redemplion ol he Classes n accordance with the Order of Priority al Payments

on any Payment Date, any oh folowing circumstances were to ars

3) That on tha Determination Dato corresponding to the Payment Date in
progress, the Outstanding Balance ol the PHs with payments moro than
inety (90) days past due, in relation to the total Outstanding Balance ol
Pets the same date, was higher than 29%.

b) That tro Reservo Fund was smaller than the: Requi
Feserv Fun.

Amount of the

ion the ctcumstances set out in a) and b) above cease occuring, proportional
redemption as descrbed above shal be resumed.

th On the Payment Datos subsequent to th first Payment Date when tho amount ol
the PHs ending redemplion is lawer than 10% l their ina amount, the pro rata
redemption ol Classes A2,B and C shall not bo card out and the Funds Avalable
tor Redemplion shall e allcated sequentall to tho redemplion of tho Classes in
accordance with the Order o Priority ol Payments untl hair ul redemption.

The amounts not recalved by Bondholders due to the existence oa Redemption Deficit
vil bo paid on the falawing Payment Date on which this is possíbla, without accruing
adéltional or default interest (as theso amounts wil form part ol the Outstanding
Prinepal Balanco ot 1he Bonds ol the same Ciass on which th calulaion ol int
payments caried out in tha manner onvisaged in section 4.821 ho Securils Note)

.t

The Gestora shall naty the Bondholders, as envisaged in section 4.1.1 o tha Additional
Bulling Block, o the amount ol the repaymet in their favour, the Ouistanding Principal
Balances of the Bonds, the Redemplion Dofil, f this exists, and the real sary
redemplion ratos ol he Morigage Loans and their estimated residual life on the
Determination Dato prior to each Payment Dato

5


4.9.3 Common characteristics of the redemption of each of the:

49.1. Finaland Portal Redemption

The Date ol Final Matuiy and definitivo redemption ol the Bonds ol all the Classes is 15
September 2098 or, f this were nol a Business Day, the following Business Day, although
he Gestora, acting for and on behalf the Fund, as provided or in section 4.935 ol
the Securties Note below, may redeem the ssus sary, in which case the Payment Date.
on which this accus wil e the date of deinite redemption o the Bande,

Notwithstanding the above, tho Fund, through the Gestora, wil partialy redeem th
Bonds o al Clases as described below.

4932 Det

The "Determination Dates” are the dates on which the Gestora for and on behalf
the Fund, will make Iho calculations required o allecato or withhold ho Funds Avalable
on these dates, in accordance with the Order ol Priority of Payments established in
section 34.6 ol he Additional Building Block, and the Fund Liquidation Order ol Priority
ol Payments estabished in section 2..5 of he Acátional Buiding Block

Exceptionaly:

(0 the first Determination Period il run from the Date o Estabishment (inclusive) to

the first Determination Date (exclusive); and!

(the duration of the final Determination Period wil be equivalent to Ihe days
elapsed a) until the Final Maturity Date or the date on which tha Eariy Liquidation
tte Fund is concluded, in accordance with the proviions ol section 4.4.3. the
ejstration Document, on which the Mortgage Loans and tho assets remaining in
the Fund have been liuidated and al tho Funds Avallablo for Liquidation alocaed
in accordance with the Fund Liquidalion Order ol Priority ol Payments of the Fund,
b) from tho Determination Date prior to the Payment Dato preceding the dato
mentioned in a), both dates tos included

The Determination Dates wil bo ho dates corresponding to the ft (Sh) Business Day
prior to each Payment Dat
Determination Dates wil be known as “Determination Periods” including in esch
peris the first Determination Date and excluding the final Determination Date.

ard the periods faling between two successive

5


49:33. Quistanding Principal Balance ol Ihe Bonds.

The "Outstanding Principal Balances of the Bonds” ae the outstanding balances ol
the pricipal ol the Bonds pending redemplion, including principal accrued on pravious
Payment Dates and not paid due to a lack o! Avallablo Funds, as described in section
49.25 below, and in accordance with the Order of Priority ol Payments estabished in
section 34.6 ol ho Additional Building Block, and the Fund Liquidation Order ol Priority
ol Payments estabished in section 3.4.6.

49:24. Amount o Principal Accrusd for Redematon on each Payment Dal

Th

“Amount ot Principal Accrued for Redemption" of ho Bonds ol all the classes
without disiction among these, hall e equal to the diferen between the sum ol he.
Outstanding Principal Balances of the Bonds and the Outstanding Balance of the PH, as
described in the following paragraph, on the Determination Date prior to sach Payment
Dato, provided this iference ls positive.

The "Outstanding Balance of the PHs” wil comprseforthees purposes the sum of (1)
ho principal pending maturiy and (1) the prindpal maturad and not paid into tha Fund!
ol each of the PHs, having deducted in he ltter case the principal matured and pending
maturty corresponding to Mortgage Loans which have accumulatad a delay equal to or
longer han a porsd ol 18 months in the payment ol any amounis owad or principal or

49:35 Amount payable in respect ol sedemplion on each Payment Date and
Becemption Defii

The amount allocated to Aho redemplion ol Ihe Bonds (the "Funds Available for
Redemption") on esch Payment Date shallbs the smaller o! the following amounts:

(0 the Amount ol Principal Accrued for Redemption; or

(1) Depending on existing Iquidty, th Funds Avallable which may bo located to
salsing the payment obligations indicated in 7”, 8", 9%, and 10” place in the
Order ol Priority ol Payments established in section 3.4.5 of the Acélional Bucing

n and he rules for the

Block, n view ol the exceplonal rules envsaged the
ble for Redemption among the Bonds of
each Class” established in section 4.9.2.5 of Ihe Securities Note orto satisying
"8%, and 10" place in the Fund

"Distribution of the Funds Ave

the payment obligations indicated in 5"

s


Liquidation Order of Priority of Payments described in section 3.45 ol ho
úAdkátional Buin Block

The "Redemption Deticit" shall bo tho positivo diference, his exists, between tha
Accrued Amount ol Principal or Redemption an ho Funds Avalabl or Redemption

49:25. Eady Redemption

Vithoutprejudie to the Funds obigaton, rough the Gestora, to redesm he Borde on
ho Final Maturty Date or partialy on each Payment Dato, the Gestora, with prior
otcatin to the CNMV, s authorised to cary out the sai luidation of the Fund, on a
Payment Date, lees than 10% ol ts nal balance of the PH portfolio is pending
payment, in accordance with atico 5.2 of Law 19/1992. This authorisation is dependent
on the early redemption ol the PH, toga
ho Treasury Account and, where appropriate, in the Cash Surplus Account, allowing th

vt to balance oxsting at hat moment in

total cancellation of ll obligtions pencing with Bondholders (in the manner envisaged in
section 4.43 ol Iho Registration Documoni), subject to making the payments prior to
these whose order of prior
úl the Additional Buling Block and tho exception rules established in tha section,

is preferential according to the proviions ol section 2.4.5

Article 5.5 of Law 19/1992 requires that flows ol principal and interest corresponding to
the Bond issued against ho Fund coincido with th flws o all the PH includad there,
without other time lags than those deriving from administration and management

and expenses, underariing premiums and other applicable items. Il as a result of an
exceptional event or crcumstance unforeseen on the date of granting o the Desd ol
Establshment, there is a permanent distorion ol the financial balance ot the Fund
required by Law 19/1992 for reasons untelated to the normal operating condions o the
Fund, such as regulatory or statutory changes, viholdings or other stations hat in a

permanent manner could alfet tha financial equilbrium ol tho Fund, the Gestora, for
and on behall of the Fund, may carry out the early redemption of the Bona isue. The:
possible existence ol a Redemption Deñcit doss not in tell represent a cause ol ho
Funds financial imbalance to the extent that this forme part of is normal operating
conditions

The Gestora, for and on bohall of the Fund, may also cary out ho gary redemplion 1
ho Fund when the PHs are fly redeomed, when a default indicio ol a serious and
permanent imbalance occur in relation with some ot the Bonds or his is expected to

seur, or when the Bonde are ful redeemed (no laer than the Final Maturity Date)

se


Moreover, the early redemption of the Fund and redemplion ol the Bonde shall occur in
he event that the Gestora is declared subject to insolvancy proceedings or lts
authoristion ls rovoked and no now Gestora ls appolnted within a period four months,
in accordance wi section 4.42 he Registration Document

Early redemplion as a resul ol the circumstances oulined above shall ocur under the
terms and conditions established in section 4.4.2 o the Registration Document.

4.10. Indication of the yield

“The main charactoisic l tha Bonds les in thirporidic redemplion, so their average lle and
uration depends mainly on he spoed wilh which Iho mortgage obligors decido to repay their
Mortgage Loans.

“The prepayments wch the obligors may decide to make, subject lo continual changes and
estimated in ris Prospectus by means l the Constant Propayment Rato (horeinator “CP,
vil impact girectiy on the rato of repayment of the Mortgage Loans and therolore on the
average lt and duration ol the Bonds.

Other factors ext lso subject to continual chango, which affect the averago le and duration
ol the Bonds. These variables and thair hypolhetical values assumed in all tho tables in tis
section ae:

+ theint
rate at 25 October 2005);

+ percentage non performance o he PH portfolio: 0% annual, 0% month;

+ percentage defaults ol the PH porto: 0%;

+ tratinerate ol early in te ot the Bonds;

+ thatiho losing Dat

Tor the Bonds is 28 Novembor 2005;

+ trat

is no Aedemplion Defcit; and

+ that tho Gestora shall edeem all the bonds when tho Outstanding Balance of the
Phisis below 10% of sir initial amount

“The real adjusted duration ol the Bonds wil lso depend on their variable inte
al the tables included in this section Ahi is assumed to remain constant at 2.400% for Class

4 rate, and in

so


se

AS, 2.500% lor Class AZ, 2.650% for Class B, and 2.950% for Class C, except or the
Interest Poriod, in which the ratos aro 2.429% for Class A1, 2.5299 for Class A2, 2.579% for
Class, and 2.979% for Class C. The real acjustod duration ol the Bonds has been done using
he 3month Euribor benchmark fixed at 15 November 2005 (2.350%), except for the first
Interest Period for which hs reference interest rte obtained by inerpolation between the 3-
month and the 4-month Euribor rates fixed at 15 November 2005 is 2.379%, wñil the margíns
or each Clas are 0,05% (Series A1), 0.18% (Class A2), 0.90% (Class B) ana 0.60% (Class C).

4.101 Estimated average life, yield or return, term and final redemption of the
Bonds

Assuming that the Fund exercises the option ol say redemption, 1.0. when th amount ol he
Pis pending redemplion is les than 10% of ther initial amount, the average If and term ol
he Bonds for the diferent CPR scenarios shown in the table below would bs the folzwing:

"These figures have been calculated using th following formulas:

Internal Rate of Return, Average Life, Duration and final Maturity of Bonds.

AnicparedCPR Rate
Se 0 ua
[ran 150004 1500007 152m07
nor 3 2 13
Ii 150 10 om
Cure 15 09 07
le 201% 2450 2460%
yal
[ray 150002 1550p20 15087
hnos EN 148 13
Iv sa 79 ses
Corren 912 es sa
e 250% 25008 2501
as
[ran 1500025 1550920 15487
Cros EN 148 13
Iv E 0 77
Cure ns es er
se 215% 22156 2715
at
[ran 1500025 1550920 15087
Feroe EN EN] 13
Iv 194 ny 77
Gurati 12 2 5
se 2005 2029 2025

so


Averago life of the Bonds:

Des

Vinere:

werage lt ol each Cass l he Bond issue expressed in years

Amount ol Principal to be repaid on each Bond Class on sach Payment Date, according lo
he amount to be repaid corresponding to sach Bond Class, in accordance with the
provision ol section 43.20 tho Registration Document (P1..P1N)

d= Number ol days elapsed rom the Ciosing Dato to the Payment Dato in question.
(81.0)

T= Total nominal amount ol each Bond Class in uros.
Internal Rate of Return (IRA):

For each Class, the interest rato that makes tho present value ot tha total amount 01
redemplion and interest received on each Payment Dato equal o 1h nominal value ol the
Bond,

“The IAR has boen calculated using the following formula:

" (rare,
50.0= Y Alter)

Vinere:

£= IR expressed as an annual rato.

A= Total amounts ol redemption and interes o be received by Bondhoiders
(A

n= Number ol days between the Closing Date ot the Issue and the 15” of March, Juno,
September and December o each year, not inclusive.

a


Termo! the Bonds

Y (A VA) 1
DS E :
FE a

Vinere:

D= Duration of each Bond Class expressed in years

Time elapsed (n years) between the Closing Date and each ol the relevant Payment
Dates.

VA = Actual valus ol each ol the amounts comprsing principal and gros interest to bo pad
on each ol the Payment Dates, discounted at ho actual interest rato (1AR).

Issue price oh Bonds, 50,000 suros

1 — Actualinterest rato (IRA)

6






AT pc
Estimated cash flows for the Bonds provided that the CPR ls 15%



4.11. Bondholder representation
Forte secuits included in his Issue no Bondholder Syndicate vil be estabiened.

Under the terms ol arto 12 of Royal Decreo 926/1998 it fas to tha Gestora, as manager ol
bird party funds, to represent and safeguará ho interests f holders ol tha Morigago Backad
¡Securiisation Bonds issued by tho Fund and the interests o the est o the ordinary creditors
hereol. Consequenty, Ihe Gestora's actions shall bo subordinated to the deence ol these

interests in accordance with provisions established or this purpose at any moment
4.12. Resolutions, authorisations, and approvals or tho securitios issue
4.12 Corporate resolutions.

Resolution for the establishment of the Fund by the Gestora

“The Board of Directors of the Gestora, Ahorro y Ttuización, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de
Thulzación, SA,, n tholr mesting ol 22 September 2005, resolvad to establish 1ho Fund, in
accordance with the legal regime provided in Law 19/1992, in Royal Decreo 926/1998, and in
at

appliablolegsation, the subscription by the Fund for the PHs issued by Barclays Bank,
S.A. and tre sus of the Bonds on account of hs Fun,

Resolution to issue the PHs

On 7 November 2005, the Managing Director of Barclays Bank, SA, using the powers
onfered upon him by the Board of Directors of Barclays Bank, SA. n their meeting held on
22 November 2004, resolve to authoriss th tran

the Mortgage Loans through th Issue
of mortgage particpations.

4.122 Registration by the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores

A prerequisitefor the establishment of the Fund and the issue ol the Bonds is their registration
in the Olficial Registry o the CNMV, in accordance with the provisions al arto 5.3 ol Law
19/1982 and article 26 and folling ol Law 24/1888 (as modified by Law 37/1998, Law
44/2002 and Royal Decres Law 5/2005, among others)

“his Prospectus regarding the establishment ol tha Fund and the issue ol 1ho Bonds and the
lher documents have boen registered by tha CNMV in ts lfcial restos on 23 November

2008,

6


4.123 Execution ot tho public Deod of Establishment ot tho Fund

Once tha CNMV has registered IhisProspectus, the Gestora, ogathor with Barclays Bank, S.A.
as issulng entity or he PHs to be subscribed by the Fund, wil execute on 23 November 2005
(ana, in consequence, prior to the opening ol the Subscription Peri tor the Bond described in
section 4.192 of he Securiies Note) the public Deed ol Establstment ol AYT Génova
Hipotecario VII, Fondo de Tiulzación Hipotecaria, ol the issue ol and subscription for the Ps
inafter tie “Deed of Establishment”). under the terms
nvisaged in Law 19/1992 (horeinalter, 23 Novembor 2005 or the date ol execution ol ho

and ol he issue ol he Bonds (e

Dood o! Estabishment,tho "Dato ot Establishment”). A copy ol this Doed ol Estabishment
vil be sent by the Gestora to the CNMV to be included in the official register alo prior to the
opening ol tha Subscription Pera or ho Bonds

“The Gestora declares hat the contents of the Deed of Estabishrment shall coincide with he
draft Deed ol Estabishment submiltad to the CNMV, and that the terms ol the Deed ol
Establtment sha n no way contadic, modi, alter or invalidato the regulations contained in
bis Prospectus.

A copy of the Deed o Establishment vil be sent to the CNV by the Gestora to be included in
prior to the opening of the Subscription Period for the Bonds.

lts oficial regst
4.13. Date of issue of the securities

“The date ol the issue of the Bonde shall bs 28 Novembe
(Closing Date”)

2005, that is, the Cosing Date

4.131 Pool of potential investors to whom the Bonds aro offered
“his Bond issus ls aimed solly at quid investrs.

Tranches

Each ol the Class is comprsed exclusivly ol a placement ranche.

4.132 Date or period of subscription or acquisition

“The Subscription Poriad (the “Subscription Period") shall havo a duration of vo (5) hours
between 1:00 am. and 6:00 p.m. (CET) on the Hirst Businoss Day following the Date ol
Establtment (thats, 24 November 2005).

e


4.13.3 Where and with whom can the bonds be subscribed or acquired?

Orders may be submited by any means allowed by law during the Subscription Period to
Barclays Bank PLO, acting through lts investment banking division Barclays Capital, in lt
capacity as Underwriter and disributor of the Bond issue. Also, il, in accordance wih the
provisions ol section 4.1 of the Securities Note, Barclays Bank, S.A. were to take on the
“underariting commitments of Underariters because they disagres with the establehed margíns
or have invoked one of the condiions for termination envisaged in the Underwriing
Agreement, orders may also be submitted to Barclays Bank, S.A. If Barclays Bank PLC, acting
lhrough its investment banking iviion Barclays Capial, terminates lts underwriing
commitment t shall not receive orders, which wil only be processed Barclays Bank, S.A. The
subscrillon requests submit

«3 through Barclays Bank PLC, acting through its investment
banking division Barclays Capital, il t terminates its underwiting commiiment, must be
ellered to Barclays Bark, S.A. Any advance ol funds recolved by Barclays Bank PLC, acting
through lts investment banking division Barclays Capital, in respect ol such orders must bo
redied o the account hold by ho Financial Agent in the Bank ol Span.

If the Lead Manager and Under
o the Classes af Bonds before 9:00 a.m. on the fat day ol the Subscription Period or he

. do not

ah an agreement about the margíns applicable

Undermriting Agreement ls cancelled due to ha ciling o! ono at the conditions ol terminatian
nvisaged therein beto

10:00 a.m. on the Cising Date (see section 4.1 ol he Securiles
Noto), the Gestora shall establish the definiiwe margíns tal! and inform the CNMV Ihat
Barclays Bank, SA. wil finaly act as Underuiter by vitue of lts undervrting commitment

ment

referrad to in section 4.1 of the Securities Note and reected in the underwiing agr

subject to the aforesaid conditions o termination.

4.13. Placement and

location of the Bonds.
“The placement procedure shall bo as folows:

Barclays Bank PLC, acting through ls invectment banking division Barcays Capital (or Barclays
ved, while

Bank, SA, as applcablo), shall accopt or rejet, acting frely, tha orders rec

mer

úensuring that no discriminatory te

Is given to orders a similar charactritic. However,
Barclays Bank PLC, acting through ls invectment banking division Barcays Capital (or Barclays
Bank, SA, as applicable), may give prory to orders from those cents it dooms most
appropriate and may also acquie part or all of ho Bond for ise. No bonds are expectod o
be ini subscrbod for by Barclays Bank, S.A

6


The Under

rs undertake to subscribe in hair own nama, at the end ot the Subscription
Period, the amount ol Bons necessary to compete heir undenwriting commitment as stated in
section 4.1 of this Securities Note. Thie commitment is subject to the agreement wih the
Gestora and the Lead Manager regarding the margins to bo used to caleulato the Nominal
Interest Rate of each Class of Bonds and the nonuinvoking by the Underwriers ol any of the
conditions for
¡Secuiies Note)

rmination emisaged in the Undenwriting Agreement (sos section 4.1 ot tha

4.13.5 How and when to make payment

Investor to whom the Bonds have been allotled must pay Barclays Bark PLC, acting through
lts investment banking division Barclays Capital (or Barclays Bank, S.A., as applicablo), on the
losing Date, before 10:00 a.m., Madrid timo, for value 1hal samo day, the Issue price (100%
fthe nominal value) ol each Bond allotted.

Alter having informed Barelays Bank, SA. by fax (+34 91 396 14 28), each Underwitor wil pay
ho respectiva amount underwiten, after deducting the underuriing fee accrued in favour ol
each, ito tha account open at ho Bani ol Spain in tho namo of Barclays Bank. S.A. (1% 01 01
40 06 50 and BARCESMM code).

4.14. Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities.

“The Bonds ol ts Issue are not subjec o restrictions regarding tir Ios transferabilty, which
hall be carried out in accordance wi appicableJegisation and the provision of sections 4.4,
5 and 52.1 of the Securities Note.

“The registration on the accounting

cords ol the ranstor to the purchaser wil have tho samo
eltet as ho delvery ol tha securiis and from that moment tho ranstor wil o enforceable
against tir parte.

5. — ADMISSION TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS
5.1. Market on which the securities will be traded

In compliano with ho provisions o ari 5.3 of Law 19/1992, the Gestora wil appiy to havo.
lhe Bonds admited to trading in the AIAF immediately alter the grant of 1he Desd ol
Establtment and once ho Bonds have ben paid for. It is expected that final admission to
trading wíl bo oblained no later than thity (30) days after ho Closing Dato.

6


“The Gestora hereby declaros that ts aware ol the requirements and condiions necessary for
he sing, continued listing and delsing of securtls on tha AJAF, according to the applicable
Iegilaion and tho requirements ol its governing bodies, and tho Fund, through the Gestora,
agross to comply therewith

1 the above time period elapses without the Bonds having been admited to trading in the
AA, ihe Gestora, pursuant to section 4.12 of the Adaiional Bullgng Block, wil gue
immediate notie of this to tha Bondholders using the Estraorinary Notiiation procedure
provided in the Acdiional Building Block, inicating the reasons or the faure to obtain ho
listing, ll without prejuico to ho contractual Hbiit that may rest with tho Gestora s a result
of that flor.

5.2. Paying agent and depository entities

5.2.1 Paying Agent for tho Bond Issue

“The Gestora, on bohal! ol and or the account ol he Fund, wil enter into a financial servicos
agresment ("Financial Services Agreement") with Barclays Bank, SA. to pd
inancial servicing ol the Bonds Issue by the Fund.

tom the

“The oblgations contained in the Financial Services Agreement as regards tho paying agency are
summarised below.

(0 10 pay to the Fund, in the Treasury Account, on the Closing Dato, ho amounts recelved
rom the Underwrtes, minus the arrangement teo, prior to 12:00 noon Madrid timo, for

value that same day;

(i) communicate to the Gestora the information on the distribution achieved in the

placement oftho Bonde;

(il) omeach Bond Payment Dato, pay ho ineras and repay the principal ol the Bonds, alter
deduciing the total amount of the withholding that must be made on account ol
investment income according to he applicable tax rules, and pay the rest ol the sums
payabla by ths Fund according to he Prospectus; and

(4) om each of tha Rate Fising Dates, noti the Gestora ol the Euribor referenco interest rato
that vál serve as tho benchmark for calculating the nominal interest rato applicable to
ach Bond Cías

m


As considoration for the services to bo performed under tho Financial Services Agreoment, ho
Financial Agent il e entiled to receive rom the Fund on sach Payment Date for the period
hen ended a fas ol 0.002% per anmum of he Outstancing Principal Balance o the Bonde as at
he previous Payment Dato.

lf during the ie of the Fund the non-subordínated and unsecured short:erm det ol Barclays
Bank PLC is given credit rating below A-1, P-1 or FS (ts current ratings being A-1+, P-1 and
F1+) on the SAP, Moodys and Fieh rating scales for shortorm risks, respocilel, or il
Barclays Bank PLO' interest in the share capta of ho Financial Agents al any timo less han
1%, Barclays Bank S.A. mil be subsituted as Financial Agent by another credit nstituon
whose shortterm ebl has minimum ratings of P-1 on the Moody's rating scale for short-term
risks, ol A-1 on ho SAP raling scale or short-tem risks and ol FI on the Ft rating scale for
lo the subsiltute the Treasury
Account and contract the highest possbla return for ho balances ol ho account), unles Iho
Financial Agent witin tiry (20) Business Days
or decine in Barclays Bark PLOS equity stako in the Financial Agent to below tha said

short

*m risks (ín which event, the Gestora wil traste

tha assignment ol the lower crac

ng

percentage, ether

(0 obtain from a cra institution whose shor
ist demand guaranteo securing or he Fund, at the simple request 1 the Gestor, the
amounts deposited in the Treasury Account; or

term debt has the said minimum ratings a

(> transfers the Treasury Account ol he Fund to an entity whose non-subordinated and
unsecured shorterm debi must havo minimum ratings 01 A-1, P=1 and Ft (on ho $82,
Moody's and Fieh rating scales for short term risks, respectively). contracting the highest
possible return for the balances of the Treasury Account, or

(il) ¡options () and () above are not possiblo, the Gestora btins from tha Financial Agent
ra third party a pledgo guarantes for the benefit ol the Fund over financial ass wit
credit qualty not below hat ol the Public Dal
A suflciont amount to secure the underiakings established in the Financial Services

securias ol ho Spanish Govemment, in

Agreoment.

In event (i) above, the Gestora wil again transfer ho balances of tho Treasury Account to tha
Financial Agent, provided that the non-subordínated and unsecured shortterm deb of Barclays
Bank PLO has tho said A-1,P-1 and FI ratings and Barclays Bank PLO holds an equity sta in

he Financial Agent ol 51% or moro,

”


In no event may the substituion of the Financial Agent have a negative effect on the Bonds
ratings. Similar,

Barclays Bank PLO ls downgradod to A-1 (according to Ihe SB? rating scale for shortterm

e creci rating of nonsubordinated and unsecured shortterm deb ol

risks), and the balance ol the Treasury Account is more than 20% al the Oulstanding Principal
Balanco of tha Bonds on a given Payment Dato, the Gestora wiltranter and pay tho surplus
ver the said 20% ino the Cash Surplus Account ("Cash Surplus Account”) opened by the
¡Gestora in anos

reci institution whose shortterm deb has a minimum rating of Acts, P-1
and FI according to tho said SEP, Moody's and Fitch scales for shortterm risk, respectvey,
“and contact the highest possible return for hat balance,

Furthermore, f the nor-subordinated and unsecured shortierm deb of Barclays Bak PLC
recovers the A-T+ rating (according o the SAP rating scale for short-lerm risk), he Gestora
vil once again transfer 10 the Treasury Account held in the Financial Agent tho balance o! ho
Cash Surplus Account

IN Barclays Bark, S.A. is subsltuted in the portormance ol the function o Financial Agent, il
possible and appropriate to the accompanying cicumstancas which could impede or hinder ho
proper performance of that funtio, tha Gestora wil have authority to modiy tha percentage
tha fes payable o the substitute up 1o a maximum 01 0.10% per anmum of the Oulstanding
Principal Balance of the Bonds as at the preceding Payment Dato, provided tho substitute does

not belong lo he Bardays Group. The expenses and taxes incured as a result ol he

substitution o he financial agant wíl bo for the account of ho oulgoing financial agent.

6. EXPENSES OF THE OFFERING.

“The projcted expenses ar as follows (n suros)

Euros
Incorporalon expenses

CAM Fes (isue/ acmitanco) 48,033.00

ALAF Fee 52.200,00

Sociedad de Gestión delos Sistemas de Registr, 2500.00

Compensación y Liquidación de valores. 5.4. Fes

Rating Agencias, legal acvisers and auditrs 1,406.182.07

notarial expenses and publications, inte 1 the

Managing Company and others

Subtotal 1,509,515.07

Issue and placoment expenses

Arrangement tes 140,000.00

Undenwrting and placement es 1,400.000.00

m


Supra 1,540,000.00
2,049,315.07,

The expenses of establshing the Fund and issuing the Bonds wil be paid using the
¡Sbordinated Loan for Set Up Expenses, which wil also bo used to pay part ol he subscription
the Ph and pay the interest acerued on the nominal value ol tho PHs between ho Date ol
Establtment and the Closing Date (in tho amount ol 450,684.83 euros)

1! the initial expenses of setting up the Fund and issung the Bond and the amount of interest

or defering the payment of the PHs subscripion price are less than the amount ol the
Sobordinated Loan for Set Up Expenses, the repayment ol the principal ol ho Subordinated
Loan for Set Up Expenses tha is not used wil bs done according to the exceplional rules on
priority of payments by the Fund ol section 3.4.5 af the Adelonal Bulding Block and to the
exceplinal rules on priority ol payments by the Fund in the ovent of ho latters Iiquidation that
are set out in section 2.4.5 of the Adótional Building Block

7. — ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

7.1. Statement ol the capacity in which the advisors involved in tho issue that aro
mentioned in the Securi

Note have acted

Uria, Menéndez y Ola, Abogados, S.C. ("Uría Menéndez”), as independont advisor, has
provided legal advice on tho ostablshment ol the Fund and issue ol ho Bonds and
he statemonts regarding tho tax treatment ol the Bonds and ol the Fund that are contained in

viewed

section 4.5.1 ol the Registration Document

ht. Rodrigo Uria Meruéndano, a partner in Uria Menéndez, is Director and Secretary ol the
Board ol Directors o Barclays Bank S.A.

7.2. Other information in the Securities Note that has been audited or reviewed by
auditors

Not applicable.
7.3. Statements or reports attributed to a person as an export

PricowaterhouseCoopers Auditores has aucited the loans selected as described in section 2.2 1
he Additional Buiding Block. The firm Emst 8 Young, SL. has performed the aut ol he
annual financial statements of he Gestora for the last res years

ma


7.

Information from third parties

her Enrique Titos Martinez and Mr. José María Castelón Leal, duly authorised to act for and on
benall ol Barclays Bank, S.A.. the isuer of Ihe PHs, hereby decare ín the representative
capacity they hold that:

(0 The statemonts set out in relation o tho Mortgage Loans and ho Phs in section 22.8. ol
the Additional Buing Block are truth.

(il) The foregoing statements shall bo warranted to tha Gestora, or and on behall o! the
Fund in the Deed ol Estblshrment ot the Fund,

(i) The necessary checks have been card out to veni the truth and completeness of the
information contained in the Prospectus (Registration Documant and Securities Not,
including the Additional Building Block) regarding the portolio of selected Mortgage
Loans that wil, in their majority, bo assigned to tho Fund and compriso the Mortgage
Loans underiing the sue ol the Ps.

(1) No circumstances have come to light during Ihese checks trat contrdict or alter the
information contained in tha Prospectus and hs Prospectus does not omit any significant

facts or data that could be relevant for th investor
7.5. Credit ratings assigned by the Rating Agencia:

Law 19/1992 requires It the credit risk of the Bonds isued by the Fund be evaluated by a
raling service recognised by the CNMV.

“The Gestora has commissioned the assecsment ol the credit risk o the Bonds lo Standard 8
Poor's España, SA. (SEP”), Moodys Investors Service España, SA. (Moody) and Fer
Ratings España, S.A. (Fiteh) (hereinafte referred to colectvey as the “Rating Agencies”).

raling agencis recogrised by the CNMV for the purposes provided in aicle 2:30 ol Royal
Decree 926/1998.

“The follows a char summarising th rating o the Bonds.

7»


Ta

Cass Ar AAA,
Class AZ ARA

Class B As

Class O A

Tan ENERO

Cass Ar aa

Class AZ Aaa

Class B As

Ciass Bas

TER IT
Cassi FAR

Class AZ ARA

Class B A

Class O sos

Rating assigned to the Bond issue

Prior to tha registration dato ol tis Prospectus, S3P has given a raling ol ARA 1o tho Classes
A and AZ Bonde, Ato the Classes Bande and 298 1o the Classes C Bonds, all on a provisional
basis ts expected that these provisional ratings wil be assigned as final by the Rating Agency
prior to tha start ol ho Bond Subscription Period (retered to in section 4.132 o tha Securtas
Note).

Prior to the registration date of this Prospectus, Moody's has glven a rating ol Aaa to the
Classes A and AZ Bonde, Aad to the Class B Bonds and Bas3 to the Class Bonde, all on a
provisional basis. Its expocted that thaso provisional ratings wil bo assigned as final by the
Rating Agoney prior to th stat ol the Bond Subscripllon Period (reerrd to in section 4.13.2 1

the Securities Note).

Prior to h registration dato ol his Prospectus, Fitch has given a rating ol AAA to tho Classes
A and A2 Bonds, A lo the Class B Bonde and A- to the Class O Bonde, al on a provisional
basis ts expected that these provisional ratings wil be assigned as final by the Rating Agency
prior to tha start ol ho Bond Subscription Period (retered to in section 4.132 o tha Securtas
Note).

7


“The non-confirmation ol any of the above ratings prior o tho start ol the Subscription Period
vil bs an event of cancellation of the establtment ol the Fund and of the issue ol he PH
and Bonds,

“The above wil bo immediately noted to 1he CNMV and be publicly disciosed in the manner
«tipulated in section 4.1.2 al the Securiiee Additional Buiding Blck.

7


úConsiderations on the rating

Show below ars the S8P, Moody's and Ft rating scales for lang and short-term det:

¡ l
Eajesal
e

Pame-1 (2-1) | ARA Fe
Ey 2 ha Pame 282) | [Ar A
An 42 az Pame 3 (83) [An F
a 43 as o Prime [AA E
(53
de e ar e
a B az a
5 > a 7 o
3 Ba ES
EJ ES ES
esa Ba Es
Es Ear Es
es E E
es ES es
ES er e
a y 8
e g 3
uo E cor
E Casz E
ES ES] Es
es a es
B B g
o DD
Do
o

“There follows a description ol the meaning SEP attribute to the long and short-torm ratings

used in ti Prospectus:


Sa? Long Term

ABA An oblior rated “AAA” has an extraordnariy strong capacity to meet ts financial
blgations. “AAA” is highest raing assigned by Standard £ Poor's.

AR An obligar rated “AA” has a very strong capacity to meet is financial bligaions. An
bligor rated “AA” ier rom thohighost-ated ones only to a small degre.

A An obligor rated “A" has a strong capacity to meet lts financial obigations, but is
someuhal more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in economis circumstance

conditions than obligors in high

rated categories

888 An obligor rated "BBB" has adequate capacity to meet lts financial obligations
However, adverse economic condiins or changing circumstances are more Ikely to lead to a

woakened capacity ol the obligor to meet ts inancalcbligaion.

88 An cbligorrated “BB is loss vulnerablo in the short

than other obligrs ol lower
categories. However, ll aces a high degree ol uncertainty and exposure to adverso business
inancial, or economic conditions which could lead to the obliors inadequate capacity to meet

its financial obigation.

“The ratings between “AA” and “CCC” may bo modilied by adáing a (+) or (-) o show tar
relative posilin within esch ol the main categories.

Sap Short Term

Act Anobligorrated “A-1" has a song capacity to meet ts financial obligaions. Ii rated
in he highest category by SSP. Within this category, certain obligors are designated wi a plus
sign (+). his indicatos hat ho oblgor' capacity o meet ls financial obligations ls extremely

Similary, there follows a description of th meaning Mocdys atributes to the long and shor

rm ratings used in his Prospectus
Moody's Long Term

Aza Bonds which are rated “Ana” are Judged lo be ol the best qualiy. They cary the
smallst degres ot invesimant risk and are generally reerred to as "gil edged.” Inte
payments aro protected by a largo or by an excoplional sable margin and prncial ls secu,

.t

7


Aa Bonds which aro rated "Aa" aro judged Lo be of high qualy by all standards. Toget
with the “Aaa” group Ihey comprise what are general known as high-grade bonds. They are
rated lower than tho best Bonds because margin ol protection may not be as large asin "Aaa
securiles or Muctuatlon of protect elements may be of greater amplitud o there may bo

ther elements present which make the long-term risk appear somewhat larger than he “Aaa”
securiies
A Bonds which aro rated "A" possess many favourable investment attibutes and aro to

be considered as uppe

+mediurn-grade obligations. Factors giving security to principal and
interes aro considered adequate, but elements may be present which suggest a susceptiblty
o impalrment some timo in th futur.

Bea — Borde which are rated "Baa" aro considered as medium-grade obigatons. Interest

Payments and principal secuiy appear adequate for the present but cortain protectve
elements may be lacking or may be characteristaly unreiable over any great length ol time.
Such bonds lack outstanding investment charactorisics and in fact have speculativo

characteristics as well

Ba Bonds which are rated “Ba” are judged to have speculativo elements; their future
on
may be very moderate, and thereby not well safeguarded during both good an bad timos over

amot be considered as wel-assure

1 the protection of interest and principal payments

he future. Uncertainy o posiion charactoizs bonds in this class.

Moodys applies numerical modillers 1,2, and 3 in long-term rating classification from “Aa” to
cas", both inclusive. The modi
category:

1 indictes secunis ranking in the higher end of ho rating
e miller 2 indicates a mid-rango ranking; and the modif 3 indicas a ranicng,

in he low

nd ol that rating category
Moody's Short Term
P-1 Excellent capacity 1Orepay shorttorm debt oblgatons

P-2 Strong capacity o repay short

rm debt obigations

Similary, there folows a description of the meaning Fth atributos to th long and short-term

ratings used in tis Prospectus:

»


Fitch Long Term

ARA The "AAA rating granted by Fitch ndicaos Aho highost credit quality. Its assigned
niy in case ol exceptional strong capacity lor timely payment of prinipal and interest on
inancial commitments. This capacity is highiy unIkely to bo adversly afecto by foresesable

AR The “AR” rating granted by Fllh indiatos very high credit qual. The capacity for
limely payment ol principal and interest ís very strong. This capacity ís not sigificanty
vulnerable to foresecable event.

A The "A" rating granted by Fitch indcates high credit quality. The capacity for timely
payment ol principal and interest is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheles, be
more vulerable to changes in cicumstances or in economic conditions than ls the case for

higher ratings.

808. The"BBB” rating granted by Fitch indicates good credit qualty. The capacity for timely

payment ol principal and int «4 adequate, but adverse changes in crcumslances.

8 is conside

and in economic condiions are more Ikaly to impair this capacity. This is tha lowest

investment grade category

88 — The "BB rating granted by Fit indicates that Ihre Is a possiblity of credit risk

ima; however, business

developing, particular as the resulto! adveres economic change over

or financial altenalies may be avallabio to allw financial commitments to bo met. Securtiss

rated inthis category are not investment grade.
Fitch Short Term.

FI The EY" rating granted by Fitch ndicates ho highest credit qualy. It indicatos the
trongost capacity fr tmely payment ol principal and interest. IL may havo an added +" to

denota any exceptionaly strong credit feature.

“The modiiers +" or *=" may be appended to the long:erm and shortterm ratings to denote
relative status within major raling categories. Nevertheless, those signs are not added to the
“ARA” long-term rating category, to categories below “CCC”, or lo short:erm ratings at
han EY

“The ratings assigned to each of ho Bond Ciass by S8P measure the Funds capacity for timely
payment ol inerest on each scheduled Payment Dato and tor repayment ol the principal during
he li of he operation and, in al events, prior 1o the Final Maturity Date.

8


“The ratings assigned to sach of the Bond Class by Moody's, in tur, measuro tho expected loss
prior to the Final Matury Date. In tha opinion of MoodyS, the structuro alows the timely
Payment ot interest and payment ol the principal during he lie ol the operation and, in al
events, prior to ho Final Maturty Date.

Last he ratings assigned to esch of the Bond Class by Fitch measure he Fund' capacity or
imely payment ol interest on each scheduled Payment Date and for repayment of the principal

during he lt ol the op

jon and, in all events, prior to the Final Maturty Date, in accordance
with the conditions stipulated for each Ciass in this Prospectus and in the rest ol the
supplementary documentation, which envisago delerra ol tho payment of interast on Class E
and O Bonds in certain cicumstances provided for in section 3.4.6 of the Addiicnal Building
Block, wihout prejuico to the exceptional rules sel out in 3.46 ol tha Adlicnl Bulling

Block. This could imply hal, for so long as the cirrumstances determining deferal l their

payment continue to exis, the interest on the Class B and C Bonds may go Unpaid on a given
Payment Date if the Fund doss not have sufcient funds, and be paid on the next Payment
Date on which the Fund doos havo suficiet funds (section 4.82. ho Securiies Note)

“The rating takes into account the structure f he Bond isus, lts legal aspects and those of he
Fund that issues them, the characteisice of he Mortgage Loans and he regularity and
ú«ontinulty ol cash Hows ol the operation.

“The rating does not evaluate the probabilty ol the mortgage obligors prepaying ho principal,
nor of he extent to which such prepayments may dife from thces original projeced. The
ratings in no way an ingcation f hs rating ol he actuarial level ol income.

“he assigned ratings and any review or suspension hereol

(2 aro issued by the Rating Agencies on the basis ol a varity ol information hey receive,
the accuracy and completeness ol which ls not warranted by the Rating Agencies, so hat
he Rating Agencias may in no way be considered responsible for that information; and

(i) do not constitute and cannot bo interpreto in any way as an invitation, recommendation
or Instiation to Investors to cary oul any type ol transaction nvolving the Bonds o, in
particular to purchasa, hold, encumber or sel those Bonds.

“The final ratings assigned may be reviewed, susponded or withdrawn at any time by the Rating
Agencies on tha basis ol any information they recelve. Such situations, which wil not bo

«considered events of eary redemplion of the Fund, wil be immediately notied to both the

a


ONIIV ani to ha Bondholders, as provided in section 41 ol ho Securities Addiional Builing
Block.

To cary out ho rating and monitoring process, tha Rating Agencias rely on he accuracy and
completeness of the information provided to them by the Gestora, auciors, lamyers and ot
experts

“The Gestora, on behall of and for the account ol the Fund, underakes to provide the Rating
Agencies with poridic information on the situation of the Fund and behaviour ol the asset.
il Icouiso provido tha information wen reasonably requested o do so and, in all avents,
wherever there is a change in tha conciions ol ho Fund, in the contacts to which lis party
lrecty and rough the Gestora or in the interested paris

“The Gestora wil make its best

fort o maintain he rating ol the Bonds at he nia levol and,
ino rating is domngraded, to recover

y initial vel

se


SECURITIES ADDITIONAL BUILDING BLOCK

ot Commission Regulation (EC) 809/2004 of 29 April 2004
1. SECURITIES
1.1.. Minimum denomination of the issue

“The Fund will be established with the Participaciones Hpotecarias (mortgago participaions;
.. PHs") issued by Barclays Bank, SAA and subserbed by Iho Fund, whose
aggregate principal will amount to a least 1,400,000,000 suros, the samo as th nominal value

herainata

of the Bond sus.

12. Confirmation that the information relating to an undertaking or obligor not
involved in the issue has been accurately reproduced

Not applicable.
2. — UNDERLYING ASSETS

2.1. Confirmation of the capacity ot the securitised assets to produce the funds
payable on tho securitios

In accordance with tha information supplied by Barclays Bank, SA, verified by tho Load

Managers and the Rating Agencies, according to the thir contractual terms and assuming full

payment on their respective dus dates the securitsed asces wil allow he payments on the

issued Bonds to be made as they fal dus.

Neverthless, to cover possible payment defaults by the obigors on the secursed assels, a
seres ol credit enfancement operations are planned that wil cover to varjing oxtents the
“amounts payable on the Bonds of each Class and seek to miigte ll or part o he risk inherent
in ho securlsed portfolio. Nevertheless, in excoptional creumstancos the credit entancements
could prove insuiciont. Tho credit entancements aro described in section 3.42, 3.4.3 and
2.4. 01 ts Adgitonal Buling Block.

Not all th Bonde issued have Ih same risk ol defaul, as is shown by he cre
assigned by the Rating Agencios to the Bonds ol each Class and deseriod in section 7.5 o! ho
Securities Note.



In th event of () a substantial alteration or permanent distortion ol the financial balance 01
he Fund as result of an event or ccumetance unrelated to hs operations and development
af the Fund, or (i) a payment default indicativo ol a serious and permanent imbalance in
relation to any of the Bonde issued or its oreseeable that such non-payment wil occur, the
Gestora wil proceed to cary out the Early Liquidation ol the Fund and hence the Early
edemplion ol the Bond Issue on the terms provided in section 4.4.3 of the Registration
Document

22. As

ts backing the issue

“The credit rights o be pooled in the Fund at the Eme of ts formation wil be the reci rights
held by Barclays Bank, S.A. n relation o the Mortgage Loans made to natural persons with

omic in Spain

“The mortgage loans to bo securiisd (tho “Mortgage Loans”) vil bo ransíorred to tho Fund

by means of the issue ol mortgage partispations (participaciones hipotecarias; hereinalte
referredto as "PH".

“The Mortgage Loans may be considered as assets with a 50% weighting for he purposes of he
Ministerial Order o1 30 December 1983 on capta adequacy standards tor credit institutions

Barclays Bark, S.A. wil procoed Lo issue the PH in accordance wi tho terms of Law 2/1981
dl 25 March 1981, Royal Decres 685/1982 ol 17 March 1982 and Poyal Decres 1289/1991 01 2
August 1991, which amondad certain artos o the previous one, so hat ho Gestora can pool
hem in the Fund in accordance wi Law 19/1992 and other applicable provisions. Given the
nature of the Fund, the issue of the PHs will not bo 1h sub

ol a margin note ín each
registration oh mortgages in the Land Registry.

“The total nominal value of hs sue ol PHs will be at least equal to the otal nominal amount ol
he Bond sus. Each PH represents 100% ol ho principal and ol the interest o bo repaid and
acerusd, respectively, as well as the default interest on each ol the related Mortgage Loans.

“The Mortgage Loans are part of a selection o! mortgage loans whose main characterístcs are
indicated in section 2.2.2 ol the AdélionalBulling Block. At 25 Octobar 2005 the outstanding
balance of the selected Mortgago Loans amounted to 1,470,701,593.74 curos. This amount wil
be adjusted on tha Date of Etablhment to bring it as close as possiblo lo tho amount o! ho
Bond issuo, thats, o 1,400,000,000 euros.

ss


Audit of the assets securiised through the Fund

The selected Mortgage Loans have been audiled by the fm PricewaterhouseCoopers
Auditores, S.L. holder ol taxpayer identcalion number (NIF) B-79031200 and having ts
corporate domicla in Madrid, at Paseo de la Castelana, 43, registered in the ROAG Register
(egisro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas with number -0242.

The audit was pe

ransactions (sample) lomer than the total selection of transactions (population) making it

formed using sampling techniques through the analysis of a number ol

possible o draw a conclusion on that population.

“The aucit examined a series ol atibues o! ho portlo of Mortgage Loans, both quantitatve
and qualitative, an, special

garding the purpose of he Mortgage Loan, identilicaion ol
he Borrower, date contraciod, maturity dato, interest rato or reference index, interest rate
margin, interst rate applied, inital amount of the loan, current balance o the loan, payments
past dus, appralsal valu, rato of the current balance of the loan to the appraisal valve,
identiicaton ol the mortgage property. mortgage guarantee, insurance against damage.
Selected loans in which errors are detected in the examination of the sample wil not be
assigned to the Fund by Barclays Bank, S.A

2.2.1 Legal juisdiction by which tho pool of assets is governed.
“he securitisedassets aro governed by Spanish law.

2.2.2 Description of the general characteristics of the obligors and the economic
environment, as well as globs
assets

statistical data referred to the securitised

“Tere follows several srl analical chart o ho Mortgage Loans portolo that wi servo as
basis for ho issue ot PH, The portillo consists o 9,886 Mortgage Loans, whose aggregate
pricipal at 25 October 2005 amounted to 1.470,701,583.74 euros. In the charts hat allow,
ho "Weighted Average Residual Life” is expressed in months and LTV is the rato ot ho
value ol tho Mortgage Loan 1o the appraised value ol the bulling mortgaged as callateal for

ho loan, expressed as a percentage.

a) Distribution by Initial Balanco.
"The chart below shows the distribution ol the ina amount of the Mortgage Loans in the

allowing interval expressed in sur,

as


AyT. Génova Hipotecario VII, FTH

Disrtass

E
on
EA

b) Distribution by Outstanding Balance.

The chart below shows the distribution of the outstanding balance ol the Mortgage Loans
in tv fallomin interval expreseed in euros.

AyT. Génova Hipotecario VIL, FTH

Desrbuton by Custand

No deblor accounts fora concentration of more than 0.11% ol the total porfi.
<) Distribution by Age of the Mortgage Loan

The chart below shows the distribution ol the Mortgage Loans according to Ihe time.
since the Morigage Loan was granted, in th following interval expressed in months.


AyT. Génova Hipotecario VII, FTH

buin by Age

FOLCLOR Is, En]
AS STA

|
a al

d) Distribution by Final Maturity Date

The chart below shows the distribulon of the Mortgage Loans according to the final
maturty date

AyT. Génova Hipotecario VII, FTH
Disrizacn y Mal mati ete

10
ino
amoo

zan

$tioBdraza

a


9) ResidualLite

The char below shows ho distribution ol the Mortgage Loans according to hair trm to

matar
AyT. Génova Hipotecario VII, FTH
Pan NET ROSS OR ROS A
A —— Ss
ar m7 a A a

1) Reterence Indicos or Rates

The Reference Rato or all o the Morigago Loans is h 12 month EURIBOR. The loans
are therefore floating rate loans. In llo! them the applcabie margin s 45 basis point.

8) > Current Interest Rato

The chart below shows the distribution ol he Mortgage Loans according to the int
rate apgliablo at 25 October 2005, in inervas oxpressed as a percentage.

AyT. Génova Hipotecario VII, FTH

7 Ria Ra RS A a
me e ra ca” Midece ITA neto tenenva Ten



h) > Geographical distribution

The char below shows the geographical distibuion o the Mortgage Loans according to
the location of he colteral (oy Regions).

AyT. Génova Hipotecario VII, FTH

NEO Rca as RS A ma

O E ET]
puros E CE A]
a RR O De
RN a
RT a

ES enas 0 ES

e Ronza 0 a
TS E]

ERICA

» ho selection dato of the provisional portfolio
The chart below shows the distribution ol ho Mortgage Loans according to whether, al
the election date o the provisional porfoño selected, they are up to date on payments
or not and, if nat, according to how long they are past du.

Barclays Bank, SA, as issuer, decares that at tho Date ol Establtrment and sue ol th
Phi none ol the Mortgage Loans ls more han thinty (30) days past due.
AyT. Génova Hipotecario VII, FTH
ARO A RT DRA NR A, a
a A EA PE ar TE vita teatro!

1) Ratio of the outstanding principal to the appraised value or level of
collateralisation

The chart below shows the distribution o tho Mortgage Loans by loan to value (LTV)


AyT. Génova Hipotecario VII, FTH

EA A ARES DE A A

AL 25 October 2005 the culstanding balance of the selected Mortgage Loans amountad to
1.470,701,593.74 euros. This amount wil bo adjusted on the Dato ol Establtument o bring ll
as close as possible to he amount ol tha Bond sus, hat, Lo 1.400.000,000 sur.

2.2.3 Legal nature of the securitised assets.

“The selected Mortgage Loans are loans secured by property mortgage guarantees, execuled in
Publio deeds and granted subject o 1h Spanish Mortgage Law ol 8 February 1946, to Law
2/1981 ol 25 March 1981, to the regulations goVerming the mortgage maket and
supplementary provision.

“The ascigament o the Mortgage Loans to the Fund wil e carisd out by means of the sus by
Barclays Bank, S.A. and subscription by the Fund ot PHs, subjet to the provisions of Law
2/1981, ol Law 19/1992 and ol the frst paragraph of the fin adional provision of Law
3/1994, according o the terms of section 2.3 of this Adaitional Guiding Block.

2.2.4 Explry or maturity dato(s) of the assets

Exch ol the selected Mortgage Loans has a final maturiy dae, wihout prejuics to the periodic

partial rapayment instalmonts, according o the specii erms and conditions o each

AL any timo during he life of the Mortgage loans, the cbligors may prepay all or part ot he
outstanding principal, hereby haling Iho accrual of interest on the part prepaid as rom tho
date ol th prepayment

“The final maturiy date of the mortgage loan ol the longeet o the selected loans will be 30 June
209,

9


2.2.5 Amount of the assets

“The Fund wil e formed wit the Mortgage Loans Ihat Barclays Bank, SA. wil asign o the
Fund at ls estadishment, the agregate principal ol which wil be at least equal lo
1.400,000,000 euros, the same as the nominal valu of the Bone Issue

“The porto of selected Mortgage Loans from which there will lo oxtracted tho Mortgage
Loans to be assigned to the Fund at its establisament comprises 9,855 Mortgage Loans, whose
úaggregate outstanding principal at 25 October 2005 amounted o 1,470,701,583.74 euros. Orly
Morigago Loans with no amounts more han thnty (30) days past due wil o sacurtised

2.2.6 Ratio ot outstanding balance of the principal to the appraisal value or level of
overcollateralisation.

“The ratio ol the outstanding principal to he appralsed value or level of overcallat

as shown in the distribution by oan-to-value(LTV) chart set out in section 2.22.)

2.2.7 Method of creation of the assets

“The Mortgage Loans selected for ascignment to the Fund have ben mado by Barclays Bank,
S.A. according to the ordinary procedures followed for anaysing and assessng credit risk in ts
mortgage lending business. There follows a description o the procedures current falowed by
Barclays Bank, SA.

Organisational channel
“The Mortgage Loans are markoted through the distribution channel ol Barclays Bank, SA.

“This model ls based on personalised comprehensive customer management; all clients are

assigned a personal manager.
ending process
“The accoptanco process staris with the application for th crediioan by hs office (manager)

“The acceptance ol the transactons starts with an application y Iho client, who may bo known
as an already existing cient, or a past cen, or one who may never had had any prior deaings
vih Barclays Bank, SA,

Required information

a


“The manager, alter sending the application for analysis and subsequent approval of the

operation, generally asks the clients for the following documents.

(0 documents demonstraing 1h intended purpose ol ho loan (agreement for down
payment, pledgo, sale purchase, budgets for homo aeraions ee; and

(i) documents evidencing he applicant's income and credit qual.

Depending on tha source of income (Wwork, own business, employment for others or other

situations), Whey wil be asked o provid:

(2 Payeheques, personal income tax statement, most recent quartery VAT declarations

(lt 100 employment relation is less than two years old, a copy ol the employment

Agreement ardor official certcato ol employment history wil need to be provide,

Preparation of the proposal and approve

“The office, lt considers the crediioan requested by the customer to bo viable, wil draw up
he mandatory proposal and submit tt the approval process by he Risks Department.

“The decision is mado by Iho Risks Department, which alter checking the documents wil
approve the operation, with asproval condilional, where appropriate, on the apprasal and
formal granting o tho mortgage.

“The delegation is reguated by interna rules and is supervised on a centralised basis. The most

important aspects that influence the management model include:

(0 The detegation ls confered on a ps

delegato.

sonal basis and based on the experience ol the

(ó) The delegation figure represents the maximum mit and risk which may be reschad

vt a cient or group ol clients considered an economic group or family ni.
(il), The delegation originates in the policy-making bodies ol ho group.

2.2.8 Indication of representations and collaterals given to the Issuer relating to the
assets

Representations of Barclays Bank, S.A, in its capacity as issuor of the PHs

se


In the Deed ot Establstrment, Barcays Bank, SA, in lis capacity as issuer ol ho PHS and
'umer ol the Mortgago Loans unti ho issue of the PH, warrants o the Gestora, on behall ol
“and for the account of th Fun:

1

tral its a credit instituon ul incorporated in accordance with the applicable
legisiaion, is registered in the Companies Registry and in the
insituions of the Bank of Spain and is auhorised to participate in the mortgage.
market;

ol cres

ist

that nsither at the date this Prospectus is registered nor since the bank was taken
ver by the Barclays group in 1982 has it been in a situation of bankruptey or
insolvency or in any situation which could load to the rovocation of lts

authorisaion as credit institution;

that he PH wil be issued in accordance with Law 19/1992, Law 2/1981, Royal
acres 685/1982, Royal Decras 1289/1991 and the rest ol tho applcablo laws and!
regulations, and wil comply with all requirements established thorein, such as to
make thom eligiblo for inclusion in a morigage-backed secuiisaion vohici;

that ts corporate bodies have valid adopted al resoutins required for th Isuo
tte Ph and or ho valid execution ol the Deed ol Establshment ol ho Fund,
he contacts and ho supplementary undertakings assumed;

that the Mortgage Loans exist and are val and enforceable under the applicable
legisiation;

that lt holas full tte to the Mortgage Loans and to the undering property
mortgages, and there is no impediment to the issue of the PH;

that the information relting to the Mortgage Loans Includad in this Prospects and!
to be included in the Deed of Establetmment is comple

and accurate view ol the actual situation of hose Mortgage Loans:

and give a true and far

that all of the Mortgage Loans are secured by a property mortgage established as
th ful cxmnership ol each and every one of the
Properties in question, and the morigaged properties are not afected by

A first ranking guarantee o

prohibitons on their disposal, resolutory conilons or any other lmitation on
contro and ownership:

s


10

1

12

1a

44

45

16

that all of the Mortgage Loans aro formall oxeculed in public deeds and alo! the
morigages have been duly estabíshed and registered in the relevant Land
Registies. The registration of the mortgaged properties remains valdly in effect
and without contradition and is not subject to any elctvolimitaion with priority
ver he mortgage under the applicable legistation:

that al of he mortgage obiors are natural persons wit residence in Span:

that tha Mortgage Loans have beon granted to finance cither ho construction,
toratlon ol cwalings by individuals or tho substituion ol
individuals in the position of developer
welings, in al cases in relation to homes that have already been bolt:

acquisition or e

in financing for the construction 01

that the mortgages have been established over properties vnose ful and complete
'xmersip s held by th respective mortgage obligor, and Barclays Bank, SA. has
o knomledgs of th existence ol lligaion regarding tha ownership of 1hose
propertias capable ol impairing the morigagos;

that the morigagos homes have been appralsed by entitas duly authorised for
such purpose, the appraisers aro duly registered in tha relevant Oficial Aegistry ol
the Bank ol Spain, and the apprasal is backed by the relevant ceticaon. The

Aappraisals comply with ll requirements laid down in the Iegilation governing the

mortgage market;

that the outstanding balance of each ol the Mortgage Loans ls not in excess ol
800% of ho appraised value ol ho properties mortgages as security or the related
Mortgage Loan;

that lt has no knowledgs of a decrease in ho valuation ol any ol he mortgaged
properties of more than 20% in he appraised value;

that the homes on which the mortgage guarantee has been established have.
insurance against damage in forco, thal tha insured sum is not less than their
appralsed valua, not including the items which aro by their nature uninsurable
Barclays Bank, SA. has arranged with CASER, Caja de Seguros Reunidos.
Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, SA. a subsidiary global insuranco pole that
uarantoos insuranco cover lor damage in ho event ol absence of such insurance
or insufiioncy ol th Insured sums, for the Mortgage Loans. The amount insured!
by th policy in retaton o his hon issue 1 1.400,000,000 euros;

s


17

18

9

a

2

that the Mortgage Loans are not suctured as negotable securiis, whether as

registered, to tho order ol instruments or bearersecuriiss;

that, at he Date of Establléiment, none of the Mortgage Loans wil have debts

more than thirty (30) days past due;

that t has no knowledgs that any ol the obligore under he Mortgage Loans holds
any crocitriht against Barclays Bark, S.A. tha caris right o! setolt;

that the information contained in this Fund formation and Bond issue Prospectus
regarding the Morigage Loans portolio and the PHs is completo and gives a true
and far view ol the actual facts

hal both the granting ol ho Mortgage Loans and the lsue ol tha PHs, as well as
all acts relating thereto, have been conducted or will e conducted according to
market principles;

that the policy established by Barclays Bank, SA. in th Memorandum on Lending
Poly that wil bo attached as an Annox to the Doed ol Estabishment, and a
summary of which is included in section 22. ol the Adátional Building Blck, has
been falthfulyfolowad in the granting o al he Mortgage Loans;

that all desds of the mortgages established over the homes referred to by the
Mortgage Loans are duly deposited in Ihe archivos of Barclays Bank, SA,

aopropriato for such purpose and are avallablo to the Gestora; and all ot the
Mortgage Loans aro ieary identied, both in computer records and by their
desde:

that, on the Date of Establisument, he total outstanding balance ol he Mortgage:
Loans wil be equal to the aggregate sum ol ho initial nominal values o alo! the
Plis to be issued and that wi, in tur, be al least equal to the nominal value ol
he Bond issue;

that as from th timo they were granted, he Mortgage Loans havo boen and aro
being adminstrtod by Barclays Bank, SA. according to tho ordiary customary
procedures it has estable;

that is not aware of the existence ol ligation ol any Kind in relation o the
Mortgage Loans capable of impaling their vality or of giving rise to the
application ol article 1595 of the Spanish Civ Code, or of the existenco ol

9s


a

circumstances that could render void the desd eetabíshing he property mortgage:
guarantos secuing tho Mortgage Loan;

that, 0 ls knowisdgs, the premiums acerued unti the Date of Establshment on

the contracted insurance referad o in subparagraph (16) above have baen pal in

tal

that all the Morigage Loans have a final maturiy date faling on or before 301
June 2035.

that al of he Mortgage Loans have a maximum of 12 nstalments per year

that, as at he Prospectus registration date, Barclays Bank, S.A. has received no.
ati ol ful prepayment o the Mortgage Loans;

that lt has no Knowisdge of Ihe existence of any circumstance impeding the
enforcement ol the mortgage guarante

that the Morigage Loans are nol subject to any suo of mortgage backed bonds or
mortgage partpations other han the issue oh PHs;

hal, after tho Issue ol Iho PHs has been carried oul, the voluma of mortgage
cericates issued by Barclays Bank, S.A. and not yet fallen due will not exceed!
90% ol the aggregate sum at oulstanding principal ol the mortgage loans in the
portolio egitia for covering their ssuo, in accordance with tho terms ol articles
59 and 60 of Royal Decteo 685/1982, as amended by Royal Decreo 1289/1991;

that the properties mortgaged as colateral for ho Mortgage Loans aro located in
Spain;

that the properties morigaged as colateral for he Morigago Loans are not
alected by the situations rende
ot Royal Decree 685/1982; nor do the Mortgage Loans ful any of the
ivables under article 32 of Royal

ng them incligibe as colateral under atico 31.1

characteristics ol inligblo or restricted re
Decros 685/1982; and

that the PH wil be issued with the same maturity and interest rate as the
úndierying Mortgage Loans and for an amount equal to the outstanding balance ol
the Morigage Loans at the Date ol Estabistment

9


In lts capacity as issuer ol he PHs, Barclays Bank, SA. undertakos to provido the Gestora with
all periodic information on the PH: issued, in accordance with the computer applications ol he
Gestora.

2.2.9 Substitution of the securitised as

In th event ol sarly redemption ol the PHs through the prepayment ol the principal o! the
Morigago Loans, there wil bo no substituon ol the affected PH

In tha svent ha during the ht of the PHs it ls detected that a PH does not contorm at he
date of the Deed of Establlrment to the condiions and characteristics contained in section
223 ol the Additional Builing Block because the related Mortgage Loan doos not do so,
Barclays Bank, S.A. undertakes, upon prior agreement o! the Gestora, 10 immediatly substituto
ho relovant PH, subject 10 the following ales

1. — The subsituion by Barclays Bank, SA. vil in all events bo made for ho nominal value
(outstanding principal not yet due and principal past due but not paid to the Fund on
ach ol the PH) plus the interest accrued but not yet paid. The subsituton wil be
caried out by issuing PHs over loans in is portolo aigible to be pooled in an asset
securlisaion fund ol characteristics comparable to tho Mortgage Loan undering the PH
10 be replaced in terms ol amount, term (equal to or less than tho maximum timo mit

characteristics of the obligor and

charactorisics ol the mortgaged property, as well as the credit qual in terms of the
ratio ol the outstanding balance of the PH to the apgraised value of the property serving

for maturity of the Mortgage Loans), interest rat

as colateral for the underying loan.

11 15 calendar days alter tho notico, there are no loans in tho Barclays Bank, SA.
porto wit charactoriscs consstent with the Mortgage Loan undering the PH to be
replaced, Barclays Bank, S.A. undertakes lo camy out the early redemplion of the

alfectod PHs, making an immedate cash payment ot tha oulstanding principal, the

Interes acerued and not ye paid an any other sum to which the Fund is entid as hat
date by vitue o ho PH.

2. Thesubsituionwl be card out according o the folowing procedure:

21 Barclays Bank, SA. wil noly tho Gestora ot th existence ol the atfected or
nalga PH, and the Gestora wil give ts consent prior to the replacement
Barclays Bark, S.A. wilthoreupon immediately cancel the said PH and issue

another PH wi similar characterists of term to maturiy, interest ate, value ol

o


the outstanding principal and credit qualty in terms o! the ratio ol the outstanding
balance of the PH lo Mhe apgraised value ol the property serving as colsteral for
the underiying Mortgage Loan, provided that prior o the substitution he sulablty
ot tha replacemont loans has boen checked by an outside audit fm, as provided
in the introductory paragraph of section 22 ol the Adalional Building Block, so
that the financia structure of hs Fund is not affected by the subetitution.

22. The issue ol he PH by Barclays Bank, S.A. as Issuer and ho replacement by ho
Gestora, on behall o and or the account ol the Fund, wil be carried out by means
ol the execution of a notary certcate setting out the particulas ol both the PH
that must be replaced and ol lts underying Morigage Loan and ol tha new PH

issued, with tho data on the Morigago Loan, as well as the reason for the

substitution and the characteristics which det

.mine the consstaney between both
Plis as descried above. The cericate must be issued within 30 calendar days
falloming the notice refered to in section 2.1 above. A copy of the ceticate wi
bo delivered to Ihe CNMV, to the securits registration, clearing and setlement
service Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Regisro, Compensación y
Liquidación de Valores, SA. and to the AIAF and wil bo notified to the Rating
Agencies. In acaitio, the Gestora wil delwor tho muliple erica

representing
he Phi to Barclays Bank, S.A. and the ltter wil issue a new muliplo cetcate
including all of the PHs owned by the Fund (excluding the replaced PH and
including the replacement PH).

2.2.10 Relevant insurance policios relating to the securitised assets.

In accordance with representation (16) made by he Seller and set out in section 22.8
above, he publle desds in which the Mortgage Loans are formaly contracted provide
that until they have boen repald in ul, ho borrowar ls obliga Lo keep 1h mortgaged
properties insured against the iso fie and other damage for the life of the contract,

least on the minimum condiions require

by Iho applcablo legiiaion governing the
mortgage market, with assignment o Barclays Bank, S.A. ol tha indemniio recsived in
respect ol insured sums or payable for any olher reason by tha insurer

The said reprecentalion also estables that Barclays Bank, SA. has contracted a
subsidiary global policy with CASER, Caja de Seguros Reunidos, Compañía de Seguros y
Feaseguros, 5.k hal guarantess insurance cover for damage in the event of absence ol
the policy mentioned in he preceding paragraph or l insufficiency of the insured sums,
The amourt insured by that policy in relation to this ssue is 1.400,000,000 suros

se


No information is provided regarding the concentration of tha insurance companies
because Iho current situation of the insurance policies contracted by the cbigors and

thoir data aro not supported in Barclays Bark, S.A's comput

recorde. However, glven
he number of Mortgage Loans selected, their weighting in the total loans and the
geographical distribution, as described in section 2.2219) and h) of this Additional

Bulding Block, any posible concentration ol the insurance companies has not be

esmed sigrifcant to the operation.

Until the execution of the Desd ol Estabishment, Barcays Bank, SA. wil be the
benefcary ol the damage insurance contras taken out by the mortgage oblgors

rolating to Aho props

dies mortgaged as collteral for the Morigage Loans, up to the
amounts insurad, with each of ho Mortgage Loan desds authorsing Barclays Bank, S.A
as mortgage creditor, in the event of default on the insurance premium payment by the
blgor (as poleyholder), to pay on behall of the obligor the amount of hs premiam so
these premiums aro always pald up. By means ol Iho Deed ol Establstment, Barlays
Bark, SA. wil formaly executo the transfer associated with th issue ol the PHs ol is
rights as beneliciary ol said damage insurance policies subscribed by the mortgage

blgors or any other insurance pole providing equivalent over. Therefore the Fund, as

holder of the Ps, wil be entiled to al amounis which would have been payable lo
Barclays Bark, SA. in his respect.

2.2.11 Information on the obligors in those cases where ho securitised assots
comprise obligations ot five or fewer obligors which are legal persons, or ia
single obligor accounts for 20% or more of the assets, or if single obligor
accounts for a material portion of the assets

Not applicable.

2.2.12 Details of the relationship, if it is material to tho issuo, botween tho Issuer,
¡guarantor and obligor

Not applicable.

2.2.13 1f the assets comprise fixed«income securiies, a description of the princip
terms and conditions

Not applicable.

9


2.2.14 11 the assets comprise equity securities, a description of tho principal terms
and conditions

Not applicable.

22.15 11 more than ton percent (10%) of the securitised assets are oquity
securitles that are not traded on a regulated or equivalent market, a
description ot the principal terms and conditions

Not applicable.

2.2.16 Property valuation report with cash flows / income streams if a significant
part of the assets are secured by real estate

It is expressiy placed on record that no appralsal has been carried out ol the mortgaged

properties securing the Mortgage Loans in connection with hi issue. Th

ore, the appraised
values of the properties are the same as at the date each Mortgage Loan was originally

granted,

233. Actively managed pool of assets backing the issue

Not applicable.

2.4. Where the lssuer proposes to issue further securities backed by the same

assets, a statement to that effect and description o how the holders of that
class will be informed

Not applicable.

3. — STRUCTURE AND CASH FLOW

3.1. Description of the structure of the operation, including, if necessary, a
alagram.

“The balanco shset ol ho Fund at ho end ol the Closing Date wil be as shown bolow (figures

expressed in nousands ol euros)

Balance.
jabilities

Jassers 1400000 | Notes 1,400,000]

[Set Up Expenses 3,500. | Set Up Expenses Sub Loan 3,500|

[reserve Fund 16,800. | Reserve Fund Sub Loan 16,800]

Total Assets__ 1,420,300 Total Liabiities __1,420,300|

100)


“The accompanying diagram depicts tho structural the operation:

a A CAM y ta 7
A aro,
a e A
a persia»)

3.2. Description of the entities participating in the issue and description of the
functions to be performed by them

(0 The financial structure of the Fund and the Bond Issue has been arranged by
Ahorro y Ttulzación, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tiulzación, SA. and by
Barclays Bark, SA

(> The legal structure of the Fund and the Bond Issue has been arranged by Ahorro y
Titulzación, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos de Tituizaión, SA. and by Uria
Monéndez, as legal adviors

(li) Barclays Bark, SA. ls the bank assigning the Mortgage Loans through the Issue 01
the PHs, ful subscribe by the Fund at ts tormatio. Is also acting as Load
Manager on the terms and conditons lid down in Ahe Prospectus and in the
Underwriting and Management Agresment, and as Financial Agent on the terms.
and condiions laid down in the Prospectus and in the Financial Services
Agreement 1 is acting as Administrator of the Mortgage Loans on Ihe terms and
conditions aid down in ho Prospectus and in ho Mortgage Loans Administration
Agreement. 1 wil also act as Underuniter on tha terms of section 4.1 ol tha
Securities Note ol this Prospectus, tha circumstances provided or herein ars

sos


() Barclays Bank PLC, operating through its investment banking civiion Barclays
Capital, wil act as Undenwiter on tha terms and conditions lid down in the

Prospectus and in the Underwriing Agreement.

(W) Caixa dfEsawis | Pensions de Barcelona wil act as Underwíter on ho terms and!

conditions lid down in the Prospectus and in the Underwiting Agreement

(ui) Caixa dfEstavis de Catalunya wil act as Underwriter on tho terms and conditions

tai down in the Prospectus and in ho Underuriting Agreement.

(Vi) Fortis Bank NA-SA wil actas Underwite
the Prospectus and in th Underwiting Agreement

+n the terms and condi ai down in

(ui) PricewaternouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is participating as auditor for the
verfcaion ol series of attrbutes for the selection of mortgage loans that wi

serve as basis for the issue o the PHs.

6%) Emst 8 Young, SL. is the company that has audited the annual financial
statements for 2002, 2003 and 2004 ot Ahorro y Tiulzación, Sociedad Gestora de
Fondos de Titulzación, S.A.

6) Barclays Bank PLO, Sucursal on España s partipating as counterpay in the
Interest ate Swap Agreement and as lender in the Agreements for Subordnated
Loan for Set Up Expensas and Subordínated Loan for Estblshement ol tho Reservo.
Fund,

“The Gestora states thl the summary descripilon a the aloramantioned contacts included in
he corresponding section that IL sto sign, for and on behall ol the Fund, contains tha most
significant and material information ol each ol the contacts and provide a true and fr view ol
bei contents.

2.3. Description of the method and the sale date, transfer, novation, assignment of
ho assots, or ol any right and/or obligation in tho assets to tho Issuer.

3.3.1 Formal execution of the assignment of tho Mortgage Loans

By means of tho Doed ol Estabishment, tho Gestora, on behall ol and for the account of he
Fun, and Barclays Bank, SA. as issue ol the PHs will execute the agreement for assignment

tthe Mortgage Loans to the Fund effoctvo as from that sama dato.

102


“The assignment ol he Mortgage Loans by Barclays Bank, SA. to the Fund wil not be notified
o tha obliors. However, ín the avent ol Insolvency proceegings, o any Indcation thereot, or
lakeover by the Bani ol Span, or liquidation or substitution o ho Administ he
Gestora desms ressonably usted, the Gestora may request that the Administrator give the
bligors nati of the transer to the Fund of he cutstanding Mortgage Loans, and that he
payments under ho Mortgage Loans wil oriy have discharging efect if made into ho Treasury
Account opened in tho Fund's namo. Nevertheless, both the Admin
úbligors noica within five (5) Business Days folowing receipt o the said request or in the event
al insolvency proceedinge ol the Administrator, the Gestora itel, dí
through a now Administrator that has appointod, will Issue the notice to the obligo

or, or vn

or fas to give tha

ly or, ll aplicabl

The Phs wil be represented by a multiple physical certiate issued by Barclays Bank, 5.4.
vobich will contain the minimum information set cut in artice 64 of Royal Decree 685/1982, ol
17 March 1982, amended boy Royal Decree 1289/91, of 2 August 1991, togather with the
registry particulas ol ho properties serving as colateral tor ho Mortgage Loans

“The multiple certcato representing the PHs wil bo deposited wilh tho Financial Agent, with
he relationship between the lesuer and the Financial Agent being govemed by the Financial
Services Agraement signed by the later and the Gestora, on behalf of and for ho account ol
he Fund. The deposit wil be estable for the benefit of he Fund so that the Financial Agent
vil keep tha registered certifica
af the Gestora.

presenting the PHs in ts custody following the instructions

“The Deed of Establhment wil describe the Phs and the Bonds to be issued. The Deed ol
Establtment cannot bo amended (except in excoptional situations and in tha conditions
regulatory implementations of Law 19/1992) and, therefore, no fur

securils Isues may be carried out

descised in futur

As establhed in Royal Decree 685/1982, on the Reguition of the Mortgage Market, as
“amended by Royal Decres 1289/91, the PHs may be transfored by means ol a written
etaraton on tha certato lie! and, in genera, by any ol the legal admissdle methods.
“The transfer of the participation and the address ol he new holder must be notíisd by the
e o Barclays Bank, S.A.

transt

“The Ph may oniy be held by the investorsreferred to by article 64.1 of Royal Decree 685/1982
and may not be acquired by the non-specilist publi.

“The transteor shall not bo líbl for the solvency ol the Issuer or of ho obligar under the
Mortgage Loan, nor for the ulfcioncy af lts mortgage guaranteo.

108


Barclays Bark, SA. wil keep a special book in which lt wi make noto ol tha PHs Isued over
each Mortgage Loan, as well s of the transfers ol the PHs noted lot with he Pes being
subject to what is provided in arte 59 ol the aforesid Royal Decres for registered secu
Changes o address notified to by the holders aha PHs wil also be entered in ho book.

“The book wil alo contain the folwing partculrs

“da

¡ot origination and maturity ol the Mortgage Loan;
+ initial amount o! the Mortgage Loan;
+ tormofsettement:
+ registry particular ol ho morigage.

3.3.2 Terms of tho assignment of tho Loans.

(0 The assignment of ha Mortgage Loans wil bo ful and uncorditionl and for the wole
th remaining term o maturty ol each Mortgage Loan

The Seir, n accordance wit are 248 ol the Code ol Commerce and 1529 o the Civil
Code, wil be late to the Fund for the existence and leglimacy ol the Mortgage Loans,
and fortho personality wih which tho assignment s made, but shal bear no lablity or
th solveney of the bligors

"The Seller doos not bear the risk of non-paymet of the Loans and therefore assumas no.
Vabity for default by the obigors whether on the principal interest or any other amount
hoy may owe by vitue of tho Mortgage Loans, or for the vality ol any accessory
guarantees. Nor shall t assume lablity in any othor way tor diecty or indiecty

guarantecing the satistatory concluion o the op

jon, or provide guaranteos or
surety bonds, or engage in substtution or repurchase agreements for ho Mortgage
Loans, except s provided in section 22.9 above of his AdéitionalBuilng Block

(i)_— The assignmont of each Mortgage Loan wil ba done for the entre balance outstanding
as al tbe date of the assigament and for al of the ordinary and default interest on each
Loan included in the ascigament.

Specific, and merely by way ol ilustration without impling any lmitaio, the

assignment il confer upon the Fund the following rights in relation to each of the

Loane:


Ú

3) — to recelvo ll amounts accruing lor repayment ol the principal of the Mortgage
Loans;

b) to receive all amounts aceruing for ordinary in

st on the principal ol the
Mortgage Loans:

o to

celve al amounts acruing for default interest on the Mortgage Loans;

9
interest or expenses of the Mortgage Loans, both at auction price or an amount
determined by a court decision or notarial procedure in he enforcement 01
mortgage or non-morigage guaranteos, as walls from th disposal or operation

cslve any olhar amounts, assos or rights recelved in payment of ho principal,

ol properties or assets awarded or, as a result o such enforcements, from th

interim administration and possession o the propertis in the foreclosure process:

aná

o) tora
Mortgage Loans, including those relating to such insurance policies as may bo

ive al possbl rights or ndomnitls rising in favour o the Soler under the

associated with the Mortgage Loans that are also tranferred o ho Fund, and
ose resuling from any accessory right ol the Mortgage Loans, excluding such
eos as may bo ostablshod for each Mortgage Loan, which wil remain for the
benetit of he Seler.

Alltho abovementioned rights wil accrue for tho benefit o tho Fund as from ho date the
Deed of Establhment is executed and the Pit are issued, except for the ordinary

interest and default inte

est, mhich shall so acerus as from he lat interest payment date
for each Mortgage Loan and as from the date ol default ll applicable on the
corresponding Morigage Loans, respectively, both of the aloresld dates must fal on or
prior to the Date of Establshment. This is without prejuico to the condition that an
amount equal to the odinary interest accrued from the last interest payment dato to the
Date of Establshment and to such default interest as has accrued from th date of he:
etaull until the Date o Establstrment must bo paid to Barclays Bank, SA. as provided in
section 2:33.

In tha event the maturity ol the Morigage Loans is accelorated as a result ol ful or
parta propayment ol the principal, the affected Mortgage Loans wil not bo substitute.

105


(1) The right of the Fund in respect of he Mortgage Loans are tia to the payments made
by the oblgors, and wil Iherelora bo directy afectod by the performanca, delays
advances or any other incidente nvolvng he Mortgage Loans.

(Y) Al possible expenses or costs which may be for the account ol ho Seller aisng trom
actions for recovery ín the event ol nonpertormance by the obligors, including the
pursuit ol enforcement procesdings against tho obligors, wil o for ho account of th
Fund.

(4) In th event ol renegotiation consented by the Gestora, on bohall ol and fr h account
ol the Fund, ol the Mortgage Loans, or of their matuiios, the modiicaton o the
conditions wilafct the Fund.

3.3.3 Selling or assignment price of tho Loans

“The value ol the principal ol the PH to be lsued upon the formation of he Fund in ora
subscibed by the lator wil o at least equal to tha amount ol ho total Bond Isua, tha ls,
1.400,000,000 euros,

tobe

“The Phs wil e issued at par valuo. The price tha Fund must pay lo subscribo for the Ps wil
hereforabo equal to the aggregate nominal valu ol the principal ol each PH.

Payment ol the isue price of the Pe wil be made on the Bond issue Closing Date, together
th the interest acer at he

ference interes rate applicable lo the fst Iterat Period
betwoon ho Date o! Establshrment (inclusive) and the Closing Date (exclusive)

In adóition, Barclays Bank, S.A. wil have tha right to receive a sum equal to the ordinary
interest acerued on the Mortgage Loans from the lat int
hem to the Date of Establsbment and to such default int

+ assessment date for each ol

5 as may accrue on the Mortgage
Loans from the date of the related payment default to the Date of Establihment (the
“Acerued Interest”). Tho said sum wil bo pai, ll applicable, at the timo its recolved by ho
Fund.

2.

Explanation of the flow o! funds.

2.4.1 How the cash flows from the assets will meet the Issuer's obligations to the
holders of the securi

The amounts received by the Fund under the securilsed assets wil bo paid by the
Administrator ino the

reasury Account ol he Fund on the same day as Ihey are received by

106


he Adminisrator, for value tha samo day. Consequenty, tha Fund wil recelvo payments in ho

"Treasury Account practialy on a dll bass tor tho amounts recelved from the ascos.

Every thres months, on each Payment Date, payment wil be made to tho Bondholders for the
interest accrued and redemplion ol the Bond principal for each Clas in accordance with the
«conditions established for each and wit the Order of Priority ol Payments st out in section
2.4: ol tris Adgitonal Bulding Block.

2.422 Information on all credit enhancements
2421 Descriation it ennancemen!

"The credit enñancements incoporated into the financial structure of tha Fund aro as
described below

(0 Rosero Fund:

Reserve Fund set up with tho draudown ol tho Subordinated Loan for tho Estabishment
ol the Reserve Fund.

It mitigates he credit ik for non-performing and faled Mortgage Loans

(1 Interast ato Sup

The purpose of ho Interest Rate Swap Agreement is to noutalse the interst rato basis
risk arsing in tho Fund between the floating interest rates on the Mortgage Loans
benchmarkad o the 12 month Euribor and the variabla interest rates of the Securiisaion
Bond Issue benchmarked to he 3 month Eurbor and with quarerly acrual and payment
periods (except for the fest Interest Period), but it does not neutral Iho credit risk,
vétich remains in the Fund,

Ú)

roasury Account

This party miligates the decrease in the return on the Fund' cash aseets caused by he.
timing mismatch between the daly income
and the payment ol inerast and redemption of principal of the Bonds on the next
allowing Payment Dato,

vame recsived from the Mortgage Loans

() Suborcination and deferral

The subordination and deleral ot payment of interast and redemption ol principal

been the Bonds ol the diferent Classes that results from their ranking in the

107


application o the Avalble Funds according o the Order ol Priority ol Payments, and the
rules on Distribution ol the Available Funde between the Borde of esch Class, or in the
application of ho Available Funds according to the Fund Liquidation Order ot Priority ol

Payments, s a diterentatodprotectiva mechanism between ho Classes,

3422 Beserve Fund

The Gestora, on behalf and or the account of the Fund, vil set aside a Reserve Fund
(hereinatr, tho "Reserve Fund”) using tho Subordinated Loan for Establishment ol the
Fteserve Fund described in section 2.4.1.1 and for an amount equal o the said Loan.

The amount of the Reserve Fund wilinialy be paid into the
allocatios, fl applicable, during the ite ol the Fund to maintain the Required Amount,
vil be made according o the Order l Priority ol Payments set out in section 3.4.6 ah
Acéltional Building Blc

reasury Account. Further

The Reservo Fund wil bo used lo pertorm tha Fund's payment cbligations ranked 1* 10
10" in the Order of Priority of Payments et out in section 2.4.5 f he Adátonal Bulding
Block and the Fund Liquidation Order of Priority of Payments et out in 3.45 ol the
Acétional Building Blc

The requitad Reservo Fund amount (Ino "Required Amount of the Reserve Fund”)
vil be determined according o th folowing rules

During the first three (3) years after the Date of Estbltament ol the Fund, the Required
Amount of he Reserve Fund wil be 16,200,000 euros (the “Initial Required Amount
of the Reserve Fund”)

One the Atras (3) year term referrd to by the preceding paragraph has ended, th now
quired Amount ol the Reserve Fund (Iho “Now Required Amount of tho Reserve.
Fund") wil bo equal to tho lower ol () 18,800,000 euros or (1) the largest ol the

allowing two amounts
(O 8,400,000 auros; or

(1) 2.40% ot ho Outstanding Principal Balance ol tho Bonds ol all Clases at the
Determination Date prior to the star ol the Interest Poio refrred to by thal
Determination Date


In any event, the said reduction wil not be carried out if, on the Payment Date in

question, any o the folowing tree crcumstances exist:

(0 trat the Poservo Fund has boen used to pay int
Classes ol Bonds on any Payment Dato during th te of the Fund; or

% acerued on any ol the

(1) that on the Payment Date preceding the current Payment Dato, the Reserve
Fund did not contain the Asquired Amount of tho Reserve Func al that Payment
Date; or

(that on 1h Determination Date or ho Payment Date in curso, tho Outstanding

Balance ol ho PHs with payments more than rinty (30) days past due is equal
10 or greater than 19% of the Outstanding Principal Balance o! ho Bonds ol al
Clases.

3.4.3 Details ot any subordinated debt financing.

34.31. Subordiated Loan for Estatishment of 1he Reserye Fund

On behalf of and for the account ol the Fund, the Gestora wil executs wit Barclays
Bank PLC, Sucursal en España an “Agreement for Subordinated Loan for
Establishment of the Reserve Fund” ol SIXTEEN MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED.
THOUSAND EUROS (€ 16.800,000.00) to be used to set up tho Reservo Fun

The "Subordinated Loan for Establishment of the Reserve Fund” wil acerue a
Variable nominal interest rato fixed quartely and equal to the sum of () the
interest rato f the Bonds (3 month Euribor calculated as descriad in section 4.8.1 01
the Securtss Noto or ho reference rato bained by the interpolation established to th
fist Interest Period) applicable in the relevant interest ascesement peri and (1) the
ina margin of Class C. This interest will only be paid if ho Fund has sufciont liqidiy
according to the Order of Priority of Payments sl out in section 3.4.5 of ho Additional
Bulléng Block and the Fund Liquidaton Order of Priority ol Payments sipulated in
section 9.45 of the Addiional Building Bleck. The int
given Payment Dato wil bo calculated based on: () the actual number of days in each
Interest Period and () a Uhres hundred sixty (360) day year. The first Payment Date on
which, ll aopicable, interest wil be acsessed and paid on the Subordinated Loan for
Establhment of the Reserve Fund would be 15 June 2006 or the next folawing Business
Day, as applicable. By way of exception, the frst interest accrual period ol the
Subordinated Loan for Establshment of the Reserve Fund will begin on the

5 accrued and payablo on a



commencement date of the Subscripion Period and end on 15 June 2006, and the
interest Inus acerusd wil be calculated using the
ring the rs two Interest Pers ol the Bonds.

ference interest rates aplicable

The interest acorued and not paid on a Payment Date wál be accumulated and acerue

default interes at the same rate as that of the Subordinated Loan for Esabliment ol
ho Reserve Fund and be paid provided tho Fund has sufficiont Iiquidty and according to
ho Order ol Priority of Payments stulated in section 34. of the Additional Bulling
Block and to the Fund Liquidation Order of Priority of Payments stipulatad in section
2.4.5 01 the Adaitonal Buiding Block.

The Subordinated Loan for Estabishmer

ol the Reserve Fund vil be repaid on he Final
Maturty Date or, as applicable, on each Payment Dato, in an amount equal to the
itlerenco existing between the Required Amount ol ho Reserve Fund on the pravious
Payment Date and the Required Amount of the Reserve Fund on the current Payment
Dato. In any event, the rs Payment Dato on which, ll applicable, repayment wil begin
ol the Subordnated Loan for Establishment of the Reserve Fund would be 15 March 20091
or the next folwing Business Day, applicable.

Given lts subordinated nature, ho Subordinated Loan tor Establshmont of the Reservo.
Fund will o delered in ranking wit respect to the other creditos of the Fund on the
terms provided in section 9.45 of the Addiinal Building Block, including inter aa the

Bondholder, except as refers to the Subordinated Loan for Set Up Expenses.

24:32 Agreement tor Subordinated Loan for Set Up Expenses

On behall ol and for the account of the Fund, the Gestora will execute with Barclays
Bank PLC, Sucursal on España an “Agreement for Subordinated Loan for Set Up
Expenses” of THREE MILLION FIVE HUNDAED THOUSAND EUROS (€ 3.500,000.00)
tral wi bo used o () Pay for the expenses of seting up 1h Fund and issuing ho
Bonds, (1) pay part of the subscriplln ol the PHs and (il) pay tho interest accrued on
tre nominal value ol the PHs between he Date ol Establtiment and the Closing Dat

The "Subordinated Loan for Set Up Expenses" wil acruo a variable nominal
interest rato fixed quartery and equal o the sum ol () tha reference interest rato 01
the Bonds (3 month Euribor calculated as described in section 4.8.1 ol the Securiles
Note or the reference rate obtained by hs interpolaton established for ts frst Interest
Period) appicable in the relevant interest assessment period and () hs final margin
the Class C Bond. This interest wiloniy bo pald if the Fund has suffient lquidiy

no


aceording to the Order of Priority of Payments set out in section 3.4.5 o ho Additional
Building Block and with the Fund Liquidation Order o Priority ol Payments stpulated in
section 3.4 o the Additional Bulling Block. The iterast acerued and payable on a
given Payment Dato wál bo calculated based on: () the actual number of days in each
Interest Period and (1) treo hundred ssty (360) day year. The first Payment Dat
vhich, il applicable, interest will o assossed and pad on tho Subordinated Loan for Set
Up Expenses would be 15 June 2008 or the next following Business Day, as applicable.
By ay ot exception, the rs interest accrual period ol ho Subordinated Loan for Set
Up Expenses wil begin on the commencement date o the Subscription Period and end!
on 15 June 2008, and hs interest thus accrued wil be calculated using the
interest ratos applicable during th first two Interst Periods ha Bons

The interest acerued and not paid on a Payment Dato wil o accumulated and acerus
default interest at the same rate as that ol Subordínated Loan for Set Up Expenses and
bo paid provided ho Fund has suffient liquid and according to tha Order ol Priority
ol Payments sipulted in section 2.4.5 of the Adgitional Building Block an o the Fund
Liquidation Order af Priority ot Payments stpulated in section 3.4.5 of the Addiional
Building Block

The Subordínated Loan for Sat Up Expenses vil e
rom 15 Juno 2008, in an amount proportinal to the days actualy contained in each
Interest Period, on the basis of 1,825 days (that is, S years on a 265-day year basis).
so Uhat it wil bo full amortsd within fe (5) years alter tho Dato ot Establihmont,
provided the Fund has sufiintliquidty to do so according to tha Order ol Priority 1
Payments stiplated in section 3.4.6 of the Securities Note and to the Fund Liquidation
Order ol Prort of Payments slpulated in secton 3.4.6 o ho AddiicnalBulicing Block

paid on each Payment Dato, as

If the initial expenses of setting up tho Fund and Issuing the Bonds and the amount ol
interest for defering the payment of Ihe Phs subscription price are less than the
amount of the Subordinated Loan for Set Up Expenses, the repayment ol the principal
úl the Subordinatad Loan for Set Up Expenses tha s not used wil o done on the rs
Payment Date on which the Subordinated Loan for Set Up Expenses s reaid, alo! the
above according to the excopional rules on priority ol payments by the Fund of section
34.8 ol the Additional Bulling Block and to the exceptional rules on priority ol
payments by the Fund in he event of the attrsIiquidation that are set out in section
3.4.6 ol he Adgional Building Block. The amount ol th principal ol the Subordinated
Loan for Set Up Expenses Ihat is not used il form part of the Avalble Funde at the
is Payment Date


Given its subordinated nature, tho Suborcinated Loan tor Set Up Expenses wil bo
delerred in rarking with respect to Iho other creditos al the Fund on 1h terms
provided in section 34. ol tha Adgilional Bulding Block, including inter aña the
Bondhoiders.

34:33. Subordinaion af lhe Bonds af Class B and Class O

The Class AZ Bonds are junior to the Class AI Bonds as regards redemplion of the

prinopal, uhereas th interest on both classes wil bs paid pro rata.

The Class £ Bonds aro junior to the Class Al and AZ Bonds as re
interest and redemplion of principal, in accordance with the Order ol Priority of Payments

arde payment ol

and th Fund Liquidation Order o Priority ol Payments, except in the ovent ol pro rata
redemplion with the principal of Class 2.

"The Class C Bonds are junio to the Class A1, AZ and B Bonde as regards payment ol
interest and redemplio of principal, in accordance with the Order ol Priority of Payments
and th Fund Liquidation Order ol Priority ol Payment, except in the events ol pr rata
rodemplion with the principal ol Class 2 and

Sections 45.1 and 4.62 o ho Securitio Noto give the deta on how interast payments
and principal redemplion for the Bonds ol each Clas are ranked in the Order ol Priority
ol Payments.

2.4.4. Parameters for the investment of temporary liquidity surplus
description ot tho parties responsil

nda

le for this investment

344.1. Treasury Account

The Gestora, on behalf of and for the account ol the Fund, and Barclays Bank, S.A. (as
Financial Agent) wil ante
deposited by the Fund through te Gestora in the Treasury Account held with the
Financial Agent wil acrus interest at rato equaltotho monthly average of tha EONIA.
rate (Suro Ovemight Index Average), calculated by the European Central Bark and
posted by REUTERS on ts EONIA pags, for the previous month

into a Financial Sendices Agreement whreunder the sums

"The balances ol Treasury Account must be maíntained in ros.

Specifcaly, the Financial Services Agreement wil det
by he Fan in respect o:

mine the amounts to be received

1


(0 principal and interost ol the PH;

(any amounts received in payment ol the pricipal, ocinary and default interest, or
expenses of the Mortgago Loans, both al auction price or an amount determined!
by court decision or notarial procedure in the enforcement of mortgage

uarantoos, or

vom the disposal or operation ol the properties or asssts awarded
as a result ol such enforcement from the inteim administration and possession
ol the properties in tha forecosure process, as wll as all possible rights or
indemmities arsing in favour of the Isuer, including not only those relating to
red by the lesuer to the Fund, but leo those resuling

rom any accessory loan right

insurance policies transt

(ld amount of the principal ol the foreciosed Mortgage Loans, as from the date o the
proper disposal, acquisition at the auction price or amount determined By court
decision, or notarial procedare;

(1) the retums obtained on the balances held in he Treasury Account ise

(W) such witiholdings on account of investment income as may have to be applied in
accordance with the legisltionprevaling from time to time during the He of the
Fund on each Payment Date in respect of the interest paid by the Fund on the
Bonds, until those withholings must be paid to th tax administration;

(4) the amount o! the Reservo Fund; and

(vi) any other sums that form part ol the Fund assets rom timo to timo wil bo.
eposied in the Treasury Account inaly opened in Barclays Bank, S.A. (Financial
Agent), in the name of the Fund, by the Gestora.

"The balances in tho Treasury Account will accrue interest at a rate equal o the monthly
average ot the EONIA rato (Euro Ovomight Indox Average) calculated by the European
Central Bank and posted by REUTERS on its EOMIA page, for the previous month. Tis
interest wil be setled monty.

Under the Financial Services Agreement, the Financial Agent wil also assumo custady ol
the Multiple Conficato ropresenting the PH subscribd by the Fund!

In te event that the shortterm non-subordinated and unsecured debt of Barclays Bank
PLO is given al any time a rating of less than A-1, P-1 or F-, according lo the S8P,
Moody's and Fth raing scales for shortterm debt, respectively, or ll Barclays Bank

1


PLC'* interest in he share capital o the Financial Agent is al any time less than 51%, the
Financial Agent must, witin thity (30) Business Days after tho said lower rating is
assigned or afor the decline of Barclays Bank PLO' equiy stako in th Financial Agent to
e

below the aforesid percentage,

(2) obtain from a credit institution whose shortterm debi has ratings of A-1, P-1 and
FX or better according o tho SBP, Moody's and Fiteh rating scales or shortterm
risk, respectively, a first demand guaranteo as security for the amounts deposited

in tho Treasury Account; or

(6) transtor the Treasury Account of the Fund to an entity whose non-<ubordínated
term debt has minimum rating ol 4-1, P=1 and F1 (according
to the SBP, Moody's and Fitch rating scales, respectvay) and contract for the
highest retur possible for the balances ol the

and unsecared shor

reasury Account; or

(6) it options (a) and (b) above are not possible, the Gestora wil obtain
Financial Agent or a third party a pledgo guarantoo for ho benefit ol ho Fund
ver the financial assets wi credit qualty not below that ol the Publi Debt
securiias ol the Spanish Goverme
bligations estabished in the Financial Services Ag

rom the

in a suficiont amount to guarantee the

ment; or

(6) if the measures cited above are not viable, the Geetora wi replace the Financial

Agent wit another credit institution whose short-Ierm debt has minimum ratings
ot A-1,P=1 and FI, according lo the alorementioned scales, and contract or th
highest retur possible for the balances ol the

roasury Account

In event (9) above, the Gestora wil again trnster the balances 1 ho Treasury Account
10 1h Financial Agent, provided that tha non-subordinated and unsecured short-erm
deb of Barclays Bank PLC has he said A-1,P-1 and FI raings and Barclays Bank PLC
holde an equity stakein the Financial Agent ol 519% or more,

In no event may the subsitution of the Financial Agent have a negative
Bonds ratings.

Similariy, if tha credit rating of monsubordinated and unsecurad shortterm debt ol
Barclays Bank PLO is downgraded to A-1 (according o the SBP rating scalo for short
arm risks), ll tho balance ol the Treasury Account ís more than 209 ol tho Outstanding
Principal Balance of the Bonds on a given Payment Date, the Gestora wil transfer the
surplus over the said 20% to the Cash Surplus Account opened by the Gestora in another

14


credit istituion whose short

rm debt has a minimum rating of A+, P- and Ft
according to the SAP, Moedys and Fitch shortterm rating «cales, respectively, and!
contract highest possible return for that balance

Furthermor

the non-subordinated and unsecured short:erm debt of Barclays Bank
PLO recovers the A-1+ raling (according to the SSP rating scal fr short-erm risks), the
Gestora wil once again transfer the balance of he Cash Surplus Account to the Treasury

Account held in the Financial Agent.
3.45 Collection by the Fund of payments in respect of the assets

"The Administrator, as collections managor, wilrecsivo or ho account ol the Gestora, on behal
land or the account ol he Fund, all sums paid by Iho mortgage obligors under the Mortgage

Loans, in respect ol principal, interest or any olher tem, incuding the insurance contrats

assigned to the Gestora, on behall ol and for the account ol the Fund, which are owed by
vitue ol the Mortgage Loans and wil deposit he amounts o which the Fund is entilc,for

value that samo day, in the Treasury Account

“The Admiistrato vil icewise pay into that account and subject o that same time mil, such
“amounts as may be recelved from the mortgage oblgors by way ol prepayment of the
Mortgage Loans to which the Fund is eníisd. Conversely, the Administrator wil not pay the
es iL ocaives, were such ls tho caso, from the mortgage obligors for he prepayment o! ho
Morigago Loans, as Barlays Bark, SA. wl bo entiled to those 00s as issue o the PHs.

In ti regar, in accordance wi ario 1527 o tho Civ Code, ts noted hat an obligor who,

makes payments to he original crecitor before learing of the assigament will be discharged

from the obligaio.
3.4.6 Order of priority of payments made by the Issuer

24.6: Source and apolcalon o funds on ts Closing Date o 1he Bonds and up to the
ist Payment Date

"The source and application of the amounts avalable o the Fund on the Closing Date ol
the Bond issue shall be as follows:

1. Source: tve Fund wil obtain funds from the fllowing sources
(a) - procede from the subeciption of the Bonds:

(6) — amount drawn under the Subordínated Loan for Set Up Expenses; and

15


(6) amount drawn under ihe Subordinated Loan for Establstment ol the
Feserve Fund.

2. Applcation: the Fund, in tum, will apply the funds describo above to the following
payments

a) — purchase of the PHs, both for thir nominal value and fr ho interest on tha
¿elerral ol payment of hat amount during the period botween tho Dato ol
Establhment and the Closing Date;

b) payment ot the expenses ol forming the Fund and issulng the Bond; and!
10) allacaton o tha Reserve Fund.

34.62 Source ard application ol the funds as from the first Payment Date, inclusivo

o the lat Payment Date or liguidation o the Funa, exclusive

On esch Payment Date that is neither the Final Matuiy Date nor the date ol
Early Liquidation ot ho Fund, the Gestora wi appty the Avallablo Funds
according to the Order ot Priority ot Payments estabishod below tor each 01
hem (the “Order of Priority of Payments”)

3463 Avalable Funda: sour icaton

1. Source: tha funds avallable for saisiying paymont or withhoiding obligations
listed below in section 2 wil be as follows (he "Available Funds”):

(a) the amounts received on repayment ol ho principal ol the PHs, which
vil have been deposited in tho Treasury Account and, 1 applcabo, in
the Cash Surplus Account, in accordance wi section 3.4.4.1 01 the
Adital Buling Block;

(9) the ordinary and default interest received on ho PHs, which wil have
been deposite in the Treasury Account and, il appiabl, ín ho Cash
Surplus Account by he Issuer on each collection dato, in accordance with
section 3.4.4.1 ol the Adéítional Building Block:

(6) — the amount ol the Reservo Fund;

(8) — sue amounts as may have accrued in favour ot the Fund on each
Sottement Dato (which wil bo the samo as tho Det

rmination Dat) and

1s


ar received on ho following Payment Dato by vitue ol tho Interest Rate
Swap Agreement

(0) the rest ot the amounts deposited in the Treasury Account and, 1
applicabl, in ho Cash Surplus Accouni, and ho returns oblained on the
amounts deposited in the Treasury Account and, il applicable, ín the
Cash Surplus Account

(0 all such other amounts as may bo received by the Fund, including those
úblained on the diposal or from the operation a th properties awarded!
to tha Fund,

2. Application: the Avalable Fund al each dato, iespective ol when they acerus,
il bo applled o satisiying the payment or withholding obigatios, according,
to the folloing Order ol Priority o! Payments

18t Payment ol the axos and/or wilhholdings payabl by the Fund and ol the ordinary
expenses af the Fun, including he Gestora' administration feo, Barclays Bank,
S.A.s tes as Financial Agont (utich may bo higher, subject o th limit provided in
section 34.41, ll Barclays Bank, SA, is subsiuted in is function by a company
outside

1 Barclays Group) and the rest ot
provided for in section 3.4.6.8 of the Additional Building Block, except for the
Mortgage Loans acminit roforrd to in the 171 position below.

. expenses and feos for services

2ná Payment of the extraordinary expenses o the Fund provided for n section 3.4.6.8
ol the Adaiional Buiing Block.

rd Payment of the amounts corresponding to each settlament of the Interest Rato
Swap Agreement, oxcept or the payment ol the Settlemont Amount in tho suert
ol termination due to breach by, or lo supervening objective reasons alfecting.
Barclays Bark PLO, Sucursal en España.

th Payment oftho interest acerued on the Class A1 Bonds and on the Clas A2 Bons.

Sth Payment ol ts interest acrued on the Class B Bonds. If any Payment Date, the
edemplion Defcit is more than 150% o! the Ouistanding Principal Balance of the
Class 8 and O Bonds on that Payment Dato, tho payment ol interest accrued on
the Clase 8 Bonds wil be ranked 7" in the Order of Priority of Payments
established hero, bohind the payment ol the Amount ol Principal Acerued for
edemplion ol the Class A1 Bonds and the payment ol the Amount of Principal

17


Acerued for Redemplion of he Class AZ Bonds, which wi bo moved to the 5” and

6" positions in tha Order ol Priority ot Payments, respectively. The event 01

delerral of payment of the Ciass B interes envisaged here wil e irreversible so
that, f done on a given Payment Da

he deferal ol tho payment of Interest 00
the Class B wil be maintained on the succeesivo Payment Dates until the ful
redempiion of the Class 8 Bonde, even th aforesaid ratio drops to below 150%.

blh Payment ol ts interest acerued on the Class Bonds. It any Payment Date the
edemplion Defcit is more than 150% o! the Ouistanding Principal Balance of the
Class O Bonds on that Payment Dato, ho payment o interat accrued on tha Class
€ Bonds wil be rarkced 9" in the Order ol Priority of Payments estblied here,
behind the payment of the Amount ol Principal Accrued for Redemption ol the
Class B Bonds, which will bo moved to tho 8" posan in ho Order ol Priority ol
Payments, displacing, 1 applicable, the preceding ordinals acording o the rules
set out here. The event of deferal ol payment ol the Class C interest envisaged
, tha delerral ol
the payment of interest on th Class CO wil be maintained on Ihe successivo
Payment Dates until ful redemplion of the Class Bonds, even if the aoresald
ratio drops o below 150%.

here wil be ieversible, so that, il done on a given Payment Dat

Th Payment ol the Amount ot Principal Accrued for Redemption of the Class At
Bonds, according to the rules for "Distribution ol the Funds Avallable for
edemplion between tha Bonds ol each class”.

Blh Payment ol the Amount o! Principal Accrued for Redemption of the Class AZ
Bonds, according to the rules for "Distribution ol the Funds Avallable for
edemplion between tha Bonds ol each class”.

ih Payment ol the Amount ol Principal Accrued tor Redemption of ho Class £ Bonds,
according to the rules for “Distribution of Ihe Funds Avalable for Redemption
between the Bonds of each clas”.

101h. Payment ol the Amount ol Principal Accrued tor Redemption o! he Class O Bonds,
according to the rules for “Distribution of Ihe Funds Avalable for Redemption

between the Bonde of each clas”.

11h Vithcidng of he suffcient amount needed to maintain he Required Amount ol
the Reserve Fund.

1o


121h: Payment, in the event of cancallation o the Interest Fate Swap Agreement dus to
breach by, or to suprvaning objective reasons alfeting, Barclays Bank PLC,
Sucursal en España, of the Settement Amount that could ariso in favour 01
Barclays Bark PLO, Sucursal en España.

13th. Payment (or wiholding on the fst Payment Dato) ol the interest acerued on th.
Suborcinated Loan for Estabshment of the Reserve Fun,

14th Repayment ol tha principal of the Subordinated Loan for Estblshment ol the
Reserve Fund.

15th. Payment (or wiholding on the fst Payment Dato) ol the interest acerued on th.
Suborcinated Loan fo Set Up Expenses.

16th Repayment (or withholding on the frst Payment Date) of the principal ol the
Suborcinated Loan fo Set Up Expenses.

17h Payment (or witiholing on the fst Payment Dato) to Barcays Bank, SA. ol the
Mortgage Loans administration les under he Administration Agreement.

18th: Payment of the Financial ntermediaion Magín o the seller

Vit esch point in the Order of Priority of Payments, he amounts fallen due and not
paid on previous Payment Dates in respect ol hat item wi o paid first and Ihen the

amounts owed on that Payment Date.
24.5:4. Exceptional rules on the Order o Priority ol Payments by the Fund

1! Barclays Bank, S.A. is subetiuted as Administrator of the Morigage Loans at any time
during the Me ot ho Fund, tho amount ol tha administration fos payable to the now
administrator of the Mortgage Loans (Wñich may be higher if the substitute does not
belong to the Barclays Group), wil be rarked third (3%) in the Order of Priority ol
Payments, ahead of the amounts payable for settlament ol the Interest Rate Swap
Agreement, provided the new administrator s not a Barclays Group company.

In such event, () the references made in this Prospectus to ordinale 3 to 18" in he
Order ol Priority ot Payments wil bo understood to ret
respoctvey,() he tem (until hon referad to by ordinal 17*) in respect ol the payment
10 Barclays Bank, SA. ol ho fos or adminis

o ordinals 4% to 17%,

ion of the Mort

age Loans under ho
Agmiistation Agreement wil bo elminated, and (i) the rot

ences made in this

1


Prospectus to ordials 1%, 2% and 18" of he Order of Priority of Payments vil remain
únchanged.

Similariy, ll tho initial expenses of setting up the Fund and issung tho Bonds and the
amount ol interest for defering tha payment of tha PH subscription prio aro less than
the amount of tho Subordinated Loan or Set Up Expenses, ho payment [or within
on the fist Payment Date) of the Subordínated Loan for Set Up Expenses that is not
used will be ranked 16” in the Order ol Priority ot Payments. In such event, the
roforances made in this Prospectus to ordinals 16” to 18” of the Order ol Prior
Payments vil be understocd to refer to ordinal 17" to 19”, respectively.

24.5.5. Funds Avalable for Fedemotion: source and apolcation

The composition o the Funds Avallblo for Redemption and thor application according to
the rules on Distribution of the Funde Available for Rdemplion are set out ín section
49.201 the Securitiss Note.

34:65. Fund Liquidation Order ol Pity ol Payments

"The Gestora vil carey cut tholiuidation of ho Fund on the Final Maturiy Date or on th.
Payment Date on which
ol the Securitos Registration Document, by allcating the Avallablo Funds and the
proceds obtained by the Fund Irom dsposal ol the remaining PHs (“Avallabl

Liquidation Funds"), and alter setting asido the reservo to pay tho tax, admiisrativo
and publeity expenses arising lrom ho tormination and lquidation of the Fund, in the

allowing manner ('Liquidation Order ot Priority of Payments”):

early iquidation of the Fund takes place under section 4.4.3

18t Payment ol the axos and/or wilhholdings payabl by the Fund and ol the ordinary
expenses af the Fun, including he Gestora' administration feo, Barclays Bank,
S.A.s les as Financial Agont (utich may bo higher, subject o th limit provided in
section 3.4.4.1 he AcdlonalBulling Block, Barclays Bank, S.A. is substitute
in ts funcion by a company outside Mhe Barelays Group) and Iho rest ol the
expenses and feos for sericas provided for in setion 3.6.8 of the Additional
Bulling Block, except for the Mortgage Loans administration fs refrred 0 in the
16% position below.

2ná Payment of the extraordinary expenses o the Fund provided for n section 3.4.6.8
ol the Adóitional Buiing Block.

10


2rd Payment ol the amounts corresponding to the settlement ol the Interest Rate
Swap Agreement, oxcept or the payment ol the Settlemont Amount in tho suert
ol termination due to breach by, or lo supervening objective reasons alfecting.
Barclays Bark PLO, Sucursal en España.

th Payment oftho interest acerued on the Class A1 Bonds and on the Clas A2 Bons.

Sih- Payment ol the Amount ot Principal Accrued for Redemption of the Class A
Bonds.

Sh Payment ol the Amount of Principal Accrued for Redemption of the Class AZ
Bonds.

Th Payment of tro interest accrued on the Class B Bonds,

Blh Payment oftho Amount of PinipalAcerued for Recemplion o tha Class Bonds

ih Payment oftho interest acerued on the Class G Bonds.

101h. Payment oftho Amount of PinipalAcerued for Recemplion o ho Class O Bonds

11h: Payment, in the event of cancallation of the Interest Fate Swap Agreement dus to
breach by, or to suprvaning objective reasons alfeting, Barclays Bank PLC,
Sucursal en España, of the Settement Amount that could ariso in favour 01
Barclays Bark PLO, Sucursal en España.

121h. Payment (or wiholding on the fst Payment Dato) ol the interest acerued on th.
Suborcinated Loan for Estabshment of the Reserve Fun,

13th Repayment ol tha pricipal of the Subordínated Loan for Establhment ot the

Reserve Fund.

14th Payment (or withiolding on the fst Payment Dato) ol the interest acerued on th,
Suborcinated Loan for Set Up Expenses.

18th Repayment (or withbolding on the first Payment Date) of the principal ol the
Suborcinated Loan fo Set Up Expenses.

16th. Payment (or withoding on the fst Payment Dato) to Barclays Bank, SA. ol the
Mortgage Loans administration les under he Administration Agreement.

17h: Payment of the Financial Intermediaion Magin o te seller

a]


Víttin cach point in the Fund Liquidation Order of Priority ot Payments, ho amounts
talle due and not paid on provious Payment Datos in espect ol that item will o paid
fist and then the amount omed on that Payment Date,

34.67  Exceptlonal rules an Order ol Port ol Payments by the Fund in the event
"ts Iquidalioo

1! Barclays Bank, S.A. is subetiuted as Administrator of the Morigage Loans at any time
uring the le ot the Fund, the payment ol the administration feo to the now
adminisrator ol the Morigago Loans (which may be highor il Barclays Bank, SA. is
substtuted in this function by a company oulsido the Barclays Group), wil o ranked
third (3%) in he Fund Liquidation Order of Priority of Payments, ahead of the amounts
payablo for settement ol the Interest Rato Swap Agreement, provided the now
administrator s not a Barclays Group company.

In such event, () the references made in his Prospectus to ordinals 3* o 15" in Fund
Liquidation Order ol Priority ot Payments, wil o understood 1o refer to ordinals 4" 10
16", respectively, () the tem (until then refrred to by ordinal 16") in respect of he
payment to Barclays Bank, SA. of the fee for administration of the Mortgage Loans
under the Administration Agreement will be elminated, and (li) the references made in
this Prospectus to ordinals 1%, 2% and 177 ol he Fund Liquidaton Order ol Priority ol

Payments vl remain unchanged,

Similar

the initial expenses of setting up the Fund and Issung tho Bonds and the
amount ol interest for defering tha payment of tha PH subscription prio are less than
he amount of the Subordinated Loan for Set Up Expenses, tha repayment (or
vithholding on ha first Payment Dato) of ho pricipal o the Subordinated Loan for Set
Up Expenses that is not used wil be ranked 15” in the Fund Liguidation Order of Priority
ol Payments. In such event, the references made in this Prospectus to ordinals 15" 10
17" otto Fund Liquidation Order o Priority ol Payments will o understocd to refer to
ordinale 16” o 18%,

«pectvey.
24.58. Ordinary and Extraorainary Expenses
The following are considered ordinary expenses of the Fund:

a. Expensas arising from mandatory examinaions, reisraions and administrativo

authorisains.

122


b. Fees ol the Rating Agencies for monitoring and maínaining the rating o the
Bonds.

€ Exponsesin respect oltherecordkeping for the Bonds or hair representatian
by the book-entry system, sing for trading in organised secondary markets and!

maintenance o ht system and listing

dá. Audit expenses ol the annual financial statements.

e. — Expensas arsing tro redemption ol the Bonds.

1. Expenses arising from the advertisements and noticesrelaing to the Fund and/or
the Bonds.

The following are considered extraoránary expenses ol the Fund:

a. — Where applcabl, the expenses arsing rom tho draftng and execution ol the

amendment ol the Deed ol Establirment and o! the contracts, as well as from he:

making o! further contract

b. — Expenses which may ari from the sale ol he Mortgage Loans and ol the Funds
remaining assets for purposes ol liquidating the Fund.

€. Expenses required o seek foreiosure f the Morigage Loans and those arising

tom such recovery actions as may bo required,
4. Extracrdinary expenses o aucits and legal advice

8. — In general, any other required extracrnary expenses born by the Fund or by the
Gestora on behall nd for the account hereof

3.4.7 Other arrangoments upon which payments of interest and principal to
Investors aro dependent

347.1 loterest Bate Snap Agreement

On bohall of and for tho account ol the Fund, the Gestora wl enter int, with Barlays
Bank PLO, Sucursal en España, an inerostr Swap.
Agreement”) in the form of the Master Agreement for Financial Transactions ol the
Asociación Española de Banca (Spanish Banking Association), the: most significant

wap contract ("Interest Rat

features ol which are described below:

1


The purpose of ho Interest Rate Swap Agreement is to noutalse the interst rato basis
risk arsing in tho Fund between the floating interest rates on the Mortgage Loans
benchmarked to the 12 month Euribor and the variable interest rates of the Bond isue
benchmarkad to the 3 month Euribor and with quartely accrual and payment periods
(except for the first Interest Period, in which Iho roferenco interest rato wil bo the
interpoltion of the 3 month Euribor and the 4 month Euribor), but it doss not neutralise
the creci risk, wbich remains in the Fund.

"The credit risk aising from non-performance on the Mortgage Loans is protected, first o
al, through he Subordinated Loan for Establehment of the Reserve Fund and, second,
by ths subordinated structure ol the Class A1, AZ, B and C Bonds, both as regards
payment of interest and repayment of principal, according to the Order ot Priority 01
Payments ol tha Fund

The swap wil function as described below, in the understanding that the setlement wi
be for net balances:

Pay A: Tho Fund, represented by tho Gestora,
Party B: Barlays Bark PLC, Sucursal en España.
1 Settiementdate

The sottlamont dates (Settlement Dat
Determination Date.

2 Setlement period

Pany A

The “Sottlemont Periods" for Party A will o Iho days actually contained botwen two.
consecutivo Settement Datos, including tho fs but not including the second. By way ol
exception, th lrst Sotlemnt Paria for Party A wil have a duration equal to ho period
betucen Ihe Date ot Establshment (inclusivo) and the fest Determination Dato

(excluaive),
Pany

The Setiement Periode for Party B wil be the days actual contained between two.
consecutivo Setlement Datos, including tho fs but not including tho second. By way ol
exception, th lrst Sotlemant Period tor Party wil have a duration equal to ho period


betucen Ihe Date ot Establshment (inclusivo) and the fest Determination Dat

(excluaive),
3. Amountspayable by Party A.

On each Payment Dato, Party A wil pay an amount
into tha Treasury Aocount and, Il applicable, in the Cash Surplus Account of tho Fund in
respect ol oránay and default interes on the Phs during the Setlement Peras.

«qual to the sum of all amounts paid

The following will not be considered ordinary or default inte
excluded from calcultion ol tha amount payablo by Party A: () tho Acerued Int
arsing at the time ol the íniial ale of the PHs, and (1) the interest acorued, both
on the new Plis to be issued by
Barciays Bark, SA. in connection wi the subatittion of PH according o the rules lid

2, and are expresely
.t

rdinary and default, prior to their subscription dal

down ín the Deed of Establiment of the Fund and in section 22.9 of the Addiional
Bulling Block

The sum of the amounts payable by Party A wil be
Party A”.

to as the “Sum Payable by

A Amount payable by Pary 8

On each Payment Dato, Party B will pay an amount yilded by appiving tho following
rules

1. The “Ingividual Notional Amounts” wil be calculated for each Mortgage
Loan for which tha ordinary and default interes received by the Fund during
ho Settement Poriod have been paid. This wil be done by dvidng () the
sums received by tho Fund in respect ol ordinary and default interest on each
af the Mortgage Loans, by (i) the reference annual interest rate applied to the
Mortgage Loan, plus a margin ol 45 basis points (0.45%). The result of tis
vision wil e the Individual National Amount of esch Mortgage Loan.

2. The Individual National Amounts wil be added up to obtain the aggregate sum.
“Te resul will bs the "Notional Amount for the Settlement Period”.

3. Party B wil pay an amount equal to tha result ol multping the National
lod by the 3 month EURIBOR interest rate (or
the interpolation of tha 3 month EURIBOR and 4 month EURIBOR tor th first
SettlementPorid, a stipulated or tho calculation ol the referenco interest rato

Amount for the Settlement Pe

1s


or tha first Interest Pera) prevallng al the Interast Rato Fiing Dato
rmination Date that marked the start of the

immediately following tho Ds
Settlement Period, plus 43 basis points (0.43%). That amount wil be the "Sum.
Payable by Party

“The Sum Payable by Party 8 wil bo calculated according to tha duration o th
Settlement Period and on the basis ol a 360-day year. The 3 month EURIBOR.
interest rate (and tho interolation for tha fest Interest Period) wil be
calulated on the datos and according to Ihe procedures stpulated. for
calulating tho EURIBOR reference interest rate in section 4.8.1 ot the
Securities Note.

5 Netamountpayable

On each Settlement Dato there wil accrue a ingle amount 0 be paid, payabl on the
ext following Payment Date, whether by Party A to Paty B, or vice versa (e

the “Net Amount”)

after,

The Net Amount payable by Party A to Party B wil bo tho postv diference between th
Sum Payable by Party A and tho Sum Payable by Panty

The Net Amount payable by Party to Party A wi o tho postv diference botusen the
Sum Payable by Party B and tho Sum Payable by Party A

Ifon a given Setlement Dato tha Sum Payablo by Party 8 and ho Sum Payablo by Party
A aro tho samo, hare will bo no Net Amount to be paid by sithar Pay to the other on
the next following Payment Dato.

6 Addiional provision

Ion a Payment Date the Fund does not have suficiont lquicity to pay the wñnole of he
amount payable to Barclays Bank PLC, Sucursal en España, the amount not paid wil be
accumulated and acerue default interest at the same rate as tt ol Ihe Subordínated!
Loans for Set Up Expenses and Estabishmont of tha Reserve Fund, and wil o paid on
the next Payment Date on which the Fund has suficient lqidiy according to the Order
+! Priority ol Payments sipulated in section 9.4. ol the AdólionalBuiding Black and the
exception rules set out in section 2.4.5 of the Adational Buding Block.

1! the creci ratings for the non: subordinated and unsecured short:erm debt ol Barclays
Bank PLO are downgraded, at any time during the lite o ho Bond suo, to below 4-1, P-

16


1 or FI (ts current ratings being A-1+, P-1 and F1+) on the SP, Moodys and Ft
rating scales for shortterm risks, or if the ratings for the nomsubordinated and
únsecured long-term deb of Barclays Bank PLO are downgraded, at any timo during ho
lo ol ho Bond issue, to below AZ or A (ls current ralings being Aaí and AA+) on the
rm risks, Barclays Bank PLO, Sucursal en
España, witin a maximum of hy (20) days after tho said ircumstanco takes plac:

Moody's and Fieh rating scales for long-

(0 vil star obtain from a credit institution whose non:subordinated and unsecured!
9-1 and FI on the SP, Moody's and
Fteh rating scales for hortterm risks and whose nor-subordinated and unsecured!
long-term debt has minimum ratings ol AZ and A on the Moody's and Fitch rating
calas for long.
Bank PLO, Sucursal en España, under this Agrooment; or

horterm deb has minimum rating of A

em fis, a frst demand guarantes for the obligations of Barclays

(make a cash or securiias deposit pledged for tha benefit ol ho Fund as security
tor he oblgatons ol Barclays Bank PLO, Sucursal en España for such amount,

calculated according to the market value of each operation in particular, as allows

there to be maintained the raings assigned to sach Class 1 Bond as required by
the Rating Agencies Swap Polis in force at that timo; or
(li) it the above measures aro not viablo, lt wil arange for a third party whose non-

subordinated and unsecured shortterm debt has minimum ratings ol A-1, 2-1 and
Ft on the SAP, Moody's and Fith raling scales fr sho

lor risks, and whose
on-subordinated and unsecured long-term debt has minimum ratings o A2 and A
on the Mosdys and Fin rating scalas tor long-term risks, to assumo the
contractual position o Barclays Bank PLC, Sucursal en España, in th Interest Rato
Swap Agreement, whether by ts subrogation to hat Agreement, or by enteing
into a new contract on terms and conditions identical n all material respecte to

that Agreement and to the affected operations.

If the ratings of the non-subordnated and unsecured shork-erm debt of Barclays Bank
PLO aro doungraded,at any timo during the he ol the Bond Issue, o below P-2 or FZ on
he Moody's and Fieh rating scales for shortetorm risks, or lo rating ol the non-
subordinated and unsecured long-term cebt of Barclays Bank PLO aro downgraded, at
any time during the lfo ot the Bond lssuo, to below BBB, A3 or BBB+ on Iho SEP,
Moody's and Fth rating scale for long-term risks, only option () above wil be valió,
and Barclays Bank PLO, Sucursal on España wil have to make tho deposit provided or in

option (i) within a maximum ol ten (10) days after the occurence af the said

127


rcumstanca, until a third party replace tin ts contractual position in tho Interest Rato
Swap Agreement within a maximum ol thirty (30) days after the occurrence ol ho said
ircumstance.

For these purposes, the “Rating Agencies Swap Policies” vil be he oficial policy
rospoctvely published by SEP, Moody's and Fieh and in orce from timo to timo, in which
the standards for quantjing the amount of tha deposit referred to in section (i) above!
aro defined,

In any event, the above options must not have a negative impact on ho
by S8P, Moody's and Fieh to each ol tha A1, AZ, 8 and G Bond Classes.

ings assigned

"The early tormination of ha Interest Rate Swap Agresment (tor example, due to serious
breach by Barclays Bank PLO, Sucursal en España ot lts obligatons or to suporvering,
objective circumstancos acting Barclays Bark PLO, Sucursal an España) wil not on lts
wn be an event ol accelerated redemption ol tha Bonds or early iquidation o tho Fund,
unless in conjunción with other events or circumstancos
the Fund there s a substantil or permanent disrupton o ts financial balance. In the
event of early termination ol the Interest Rate Sap Agreement, payment of such
Settlement Amount as may bs payable to Barclays Bank PLC, Sucursal en España wil be
rarced 12% in the Order ol Priority ol Payments stipulated in section 3.46 ol the
Acéltionl Buliding Blck, and eleventh (11") in the Fund Liquidation Order ol Priority ol
Payments sipulated in section 3.4.6 o the Adgitionl Buliding Blck.

dating to the financial position

The Interest ate Swap Agreement wil be rescinded and absolutely null and voi 1 ny
the Rating Agencis does not confm prior to the star o the Subscrillon Period the
provisional ratings assigned to each ol the Classes as final

7 Koyaspeds

(0 The settlments recelved by Barclays Bank PLO, Sucursal en España aro
hal they consist of interest actually
paid into the Treasury Account and f appliabl, n he Cash Surplus Account,
ittin each Settlement Period ol tho swap, which determino the amounts the
Fund pays to Barclays Bank PLC, Sucursal en España on each Payment Date,

determined on a “cas” basis in the sense

(1) The setlements paid by Barclays Bank PLO, Sucursal en España on each
Payment Date are also determined on a "cash basis, given that the nolional


amount ls taken to be the variable amount payable by Party A in esc

Settlement Porid, which is id to a "cash" critria.

y MY Baelays Bank PLO, Sucursal on España is

laced as counterpaty in ho

Interest Rate Swap Agreement, the references made o Barclays Bank PLC,

Sucursal an España in ho Order ol Priority of Payments stpulated in section
2:45 ol the Buiding Block, in the Fund Liquidaion Order of Priority ol
Payments sipulated in section 2.4.5 ol the Aggitional Building Block and in he
úexceplional rules stipulated in section 2.45 ol the Adáitional Building Block wi
be understood to refer to the now counterparty. If hera arisos an event ol
ment, the Gestora
must fina, if possible before the Interest Fate Suap Agreement is terminated, a

accelerated termination of Ihe Interest Rate Swap Agr

paty entiy whose nonsubordínated and unsecured shortterm debt
has ratings ol at least A-1, P-1 and FI on the SAP, Moody's and Fiteh scales
respectively, and whose non-subordinated and unsecured long-term debt has
ratings ol at least AZ and A on ho Moody's and Fith scales, respectiva, wit
hich to enter ito a now interest rato swap contract on terms substantaly
idential to hose ol tha Interest Rato Swap Agreement and to the affected
operations. In al o the above the Gestora wil act for and on behall ol the

Fund and with the object of maintining the rating assigned to tho Bonds,

3.5. Name, address and significant economic activities of originators of the
úsecuritised assets

“The originator that ses he Mortgage Loans hat are to be securtsed is Barclays Bank, S.A.

Address: Plaza de Colón, Yin Madrid

Central Operating Headquarters: Plaza de Colón, 1

Signficant economic activiies of Barlays Bank, S.A.

Barclays Bank, SA. forms part of Barclays España. The muli<specialst srategy pursued by
Barclays is focused on Ive businossos: Asset Management, Small and Medium Enterprises,
Large Corporation, Personal and Credit Cards and Consumer Finance,

Barclays opened a delegate oie in Spain in 1974 and has a renownsd brand and long history

ot product innovation.

launched the first financial account, unit linked products, the first
¡guaranteed fund benctmarked to he IBEX 35 select index, and the Remunerated Mortgage. ln
¿uly 2003 Barclays acquired Banco Zaragozano rough a public tender ot

and completed the

legal mergor of the two barks in December 2003. Barclays also does business in Spain through



Barclaycard International, lts cacit card business; lts investment banking vision, Barlays
Capital, one of the leading intermediaries in finance market, including, amongst others, he
markets in bonds, syndicated and convertils loans; and Barclays Global Investors, the words
leading insttional manager,

10


Barclays Bank. S.A, Consolidated Group

20.06.2005
BALANCE SHEET (€ mn)

Total assets 16:61

Loans and advances lo customers 18356

Customer funds on-balance sheet 6362

Other customer funds managed. 12182

Total customer funds managed 18.514

(1) Includos 5.366 in securlised mortgage loans
(2) Includos 4,997 in securlised mortgage loans
(8) Includos 3.872 in securlised mortgage loans

INCOME STATEMENT (€ mn)

Net interest income.
Ordinary income

Operating income

Prof before taxes

Profit atributes o he Group

KEY RATIOS (0%)
NL

Coverage rte

(*) Data as por Bak ol Spain Circular 41991
(*) Data as por Bani ol Spain Circular 412004

140
263

er5

042
3108

m

o

21:122004

14954
17:86

534
11108
17456

266

El
47
39

037
288.52

e

0

20.06.2004

15:20
15977

6513
10561
17.078

196
28
54
4
2

039
41222

“The fist comparative public information under the new Bank ol Spain standards wil be
avallblo attho close ol 2005, as Barclays Bank, SA is not obliged 1o diciose that information

“nte

“The income statement as at 30 June 2004 and 2005 refer to the six month period hen ended,

vhereas the income statement as ol 30 December 2004 efe

o the completo financial year.

3.6. Return and/or repayment of tho securiios with others that aro not assets of

the issuer

Not applicable.

a]


3.7. Administrator, calculation agent or equivalent

3.7.1 Management, administration and representation of the Fund and ot the
holders of the securi

In accordance with atico 5.2 of Law 19/1992, the adminisration and legal
he Fund rests wit the Gestora on he terms set out in Law 19/1992 and other appicable laws
and regulations, without prejudico o the provision ol tho Deed ol Estabishment. Tha creation
af the Gestora was authorised by the Spanish Ministry o Economy and Finance on 16 Jly 1999
“and itis registered in the Special Register of he CNMV with number 5.

presentation ol

“The obligations and actviis that tho Gestora wil perform as part o ts administration and
legal representallon ol tho Fund include, by way ol ilusraton and without imping any
limitan:

(0 Openin he name of tho Fun the bank account (hesinalter, tho “Treasury Account)
roforred o in section 34.41 ol the Adéiional Bulding Black inaly with to Financial
Agent and, when appropriate, the Cash Surplus Account

The balance of his account wil acer interest at a rate equal to the month average ol
the EONIA rate (Euro Ovemiaht Index Average) calculated by the European Central Bank
and posted by REUTERS on ls EONIA page, for tha previous month. his interat wil bo.
seta monty

(Adopt the appropriate measures to have 1h amounts 1 recives in respect ol principal
st and any other sum owed lo the Fund lo be depositad ín the Treasury

(io Ensure tt the amounts depositad in the Treasury Account sam he return establehad
in tho Financial Services Agreement and thal any amounts deposited in tha Cash Surplus

Account earn the etum agreed or hat balance,

(1) Calculato on each Rate Fising Date, with respect to the following Interest Period, the
Nominal Interest Rate applicable to al of the Bond Classes, as a result ot the
determination made in accordance with section 4.81 of the Securitss Note, and disciose
tin ho manner stpulated in section 4.1.1 of tho Adaitonal Bulding Block.

(Y) Calculate on each Dotermination Dato the principal to be redesmed ol all the Bond

Classes and, along wi Aho interast accrued in accordance wi section 4.82 of the

12


m

0)

Registration Document, give notice Ihereof in tho mann
the Acitionl Guiing Block.

SUpulated in section 4.1.1 of

Allcate the Available Funds (
and any ot

frred o in section 2.4.5 of the Additional Building Bloc).
amount avallablo in tha Treasury Account and, if appicabl, in the Cash

Surplus Account, on each date, to the performance ol the payment or wihtolding
¿blgations ol the Fund, on the terms and in the Order of Priarit of Payments set out in
section 3.45 of the Adaiional Bulding Block and the oxceptional rules stpulated in
section 3.6 ol ho Adaiional Bulding Black or in the Fund Liquidation Order 1 Priority
ol Payments stpulated in section 2.45 of the Addiinal Building Block and the
exceptional rules stipulated in section 3.4.5 ol the Adéitional Building Block.

In the event that at any timo during the lo of the Fund tho credit ratings of Barclays
Bank PLC or its oquity holding in Barclays Bank, S.A. aro downgraded below the mis
indicated in section 5.2.1 ol tho Securtios Noto, Barlays Bank, SA. il bo subsitted as
Financial Agent by another credit institution whose shorl-term debt has minimo ratings
of P-1 on the Moody's rating scale for shortterm risks, ol 1 on the SAP rating scale for
shorttorm risks and ot FI on the Fitch rain scale for short-orm risks (in which event
ho Gestora wil transtr to the substituto tha Treasury Account and contract ho highost

possible etum for ho balances ol the account), uness tha Financial Agent, wit try

(20) Business Days after the assignment of the lower credi
Bank PLOS equity stake in the Financial Agent to below 51%: () ether obtans from a

sing or decine in Barclays

credit institution whose short-term debt has the said minimum ratings a first demand
guarantes securing for tho Fund, at the simple request of the Gestora, the amounts
posted in the Treasury Account, or (1) transers ho Traasury Account ol the Fund to
an entity whose non-subordinated and unsecured short-erm debt must have minimum
ratings ol A, P-1 and FI (on iho SAP, Moody's and Fieh rating scales or shortterm
risks, respectively). contracting the highest possible return for the balances of the
Treasury Account, or () il options () and (1) above are not possible, the Gestora
obtain from the Financial Agent or a third party a pledgo guarantes for ho benafit
ho Fund over financial assets with credit qualty not below that ot the Public Debt

securiies ol the Spanish Govemmer

in a sufficient amount to guarantes the
commitments established in tho Financial Sorvicas Agreement. In ovent (1) abova, the
Gestora wi agan transer the balances of the Treasury Account to the Financial Agent,
provided that the non-subordinated and unsecured short-lerm debt ol Barclays Bank PLC.
has the said A-1, P-1 and FI ratings and Barclays Bank PLC hold an equity stas n the
Financial Agent ol 51% or more. In no ovent may the substitution ol tha Financial Agent
have a negallvo ellet on the Bonds' ratings. Similar, the credit rating ol non-

18


1)

0

0)

00

0)

e)

subordinated and unsecured short-term debt ol Barclays Bank PLO is downgraded to A-1
(according to the SAP rating scale for shortterm risks), ll he balance ol the Treasury
Account is more than 20% ol the Ouistanding Principal Balance ol the Bonds on a given
Payment Dato, the Gestora wil transfer and pay the surpls over ho sald 20% ito the
Cash Surplus Account oponed by the Gestora in another credit instuion whose short
arm debt has minimum raings ol A-1+, P-1 and FI on the SBP, Moody's and Fitch
shorttorm scale, and contract ho highost possible etum for that balance. Furthermora,
if the nor-subordinated and unsecured shortterm det of Barclays Bank PLC recovers
ho A-1+ rating (according to the SSP rating scale for short-erm is), the Gestora wi
once again trnster to the Treasury Account held in the Financial Agent the balance 01
the Cash Surplus Account

Appoint the auditors of the Fund and, as appropriate, revoke their appointment and
roplace them.

Manage the Fund wit the bjectiva that ls not assets be zero at al timos

To adopt appropriate decisions in relation to Iquidation ot tha Fund, including the
decision for the early iquidaion of the Fund in accordance with the provision of this
Prospectus and ol the Doed o Establistment.

Pursue lts activity with ho dligenco required in acordance with Royal Decras 826/1998,
ol 14 May 1998, representing the Fund and defending the interests ol the Bondholders
and of the

st ol the Funds ordinary creditore asi hay were its own interests, exerting
the utmost diigonce and providing ho highos! level ot Information and delence of their
interests and avoiding situations that involve conte ol interest, giving priority to the
interest o he Bondholders and ol the rest ol the ordinary crecitore ol the Fund over he:
interests of third parties and over ls own interests. For these purposes, and without
prejudico to ho foregoing, the Gestora may act as management company for 0N

Securiisalion Funds, without such simultansous managment consitutin in any way a
violation ol ts dutis o digence as Gestora ol the Fund or other Securiisaion Fundo,

Arango lo have Iho necessary resources, including ho approprato information systems,
to carry on the Fund administration functions atrbuted to it by oyal Decras 926/1998.

"The Gestora comples with tho applicable code ol conduct. Tha Gestora has established a
code ol conduct in complance with he provisions ot Chapter II ot Royal Decre
829/1990, ol 3 May 1993 on rules ol conduct in securiles markets and mandatory



7)

0)

0)

recordkooping. That code ol conduct has been adapted to tha proviions of Law 44/2002,
122 November 2002 on Measures for Retorm of he Financial System.

Check that 1h information recelved by the Administrator on amounts fallen due,
amounts colcted, amounts not paid, prepayments ol principal and recoveris ol unpald
Instalmants and other possible revenues is consistent with tho amounts actualy recelved
inte

roasury Account o ho Fund,

Provide the Bondholders,tho CNMY and ho Rating Agencis wil ll such information and!
otices as provided by the applicablolegisaton, and specilicaly those envisaged in this
Prospectus, in the manner established for each,

Notity the mortgage obligrs ot the chango of Administrator 1! Barclays Bank, SA. is
substtuted as Administrator o the Morigago Loans. Fortis purpose, tha Administrator
has undertaken to cooperate wi ho utmost dilgenceinIsuing all such notices as must
be given totho obligors under the Mortgage Loans in order to dicios the appolntment
ol the now administrator, the changes in tha accounts in which ho direct deblts vil o
made or ho Mortgage Loans and, in general, the changos in ho collection management
process that may be needed to ensur
the instructions lt receives rom the Gestora

hat no Fund sullers no harm, ll according 10

Fsionation and subetitlio af the Gestora

The resignation and subetituton of the Gestora wil be governed by the provisons ol
articles 18 and 19 01 Royal Decreo 926/1998, ol 14 May 1998, regulating asset
securlisation funds and companies managing securiisation funds, or by the laws and!
regulations prevaling from time to time. The Gestora may voluntri request to be
substituted when lt deems appropriate by submiiting a written request to the CNMV,
speciing the appolnimnt ol the substitute management company and accompanied by
a statemnt by the now securiisalion funds management company, duly authorised and!
registered in tho Special Register ol tho CNMV, in which tho subsituto decires is
prepared to accept that function. The Gestoras resgnation and the appoiniment of he
new management company wil require the approval ol the CNMV. The Gestora cannot
coase performing lts functions unti al requirements and procedures for he appolntment
of lle substituto have been completed. AI expenses generated as a result ol the
substituion wil be bone by tho Gestor ise and wi in no ovent be passed on to the
Fund.

195


if the Gestora ls declared subject to insolvency proceedings or lts authorisation is
revoked, it must find a management company to replace it and the management and!
ropresentalon o the Fund wil alo the now management company, in compliance wit
ho terms ol aces 18 and 19 01 Royal Decres 926/1998, ol 14 May 1998, refered to
above.

Explry ol ho four (4) month timo limit ostabishod in arto 19.2 o the are
Decree after the even

al Royal
«quiing the subatitution without a new Gestora having been
und wil constitute an event of sar liquidation ol the Fund and redemplion ot the
Bonds, and the actions provided in section 4.4 ol the Securities Registration Document
must be card out

The subsituion of tho Gestora and appointment ol a now management company, once.
approved by the CNMV, wil be noted to the Rating Agencies

The Bondhoiders wi oniy be entied o bring actions against the Gestora for falue to
perform its functions or tor nom-complance with the proviions ol the Deed ol
Establhment the Fund.

Bemuneraton ol the Gestora

The Gestora, in accordance wilh Law 19/1992, wil establs, represent and manage the:
Fund. As consideratin for these functions, Ihe Fund wil pay the Gestora an
Administration Fes composed ol an Initial Feo aná a ario Fee

The Deed of Estabishment wil stpulate that the Gestora is ontiled to an Iniial
Administration Foe 090,000 suros, to bo paid in tul on the Closing Date

The Desd ol Establstrment will also provide that tho Gestora wi bo entiisa on each
Payment Date of he Borde to a Perodis Administration Fes 01 0.02% per anmum of the
amounts ot the PHs pending repayment on tha Determination Date tor the pravious
Payment Dato, subt o a minimum of 90,050 euros and a maximum of 150,000 suros
per year.

"The Fee payable on any given Payment Dato will bo determined by appiing ho falling,
formats:

O 80.02% x 0/96

vt

16


O = Foo payable on given Payment Date
B = Sum of the amounts ol the outstanding PHs as al the previous Determination Date.

dd = Number ol days in ho acerual peri o reeranco (excopl for the first acrual period,
for which therwil be considered the days from he Dat

ol Estabishment to Mhe first
Payment Dato).

If during the le ol the Fund, the General National Consumer Price Index (Índice
Nacional General de Precios al Consumo) published by the Instituto Nacional de
Estadística (Spanish Instituto of Statistics) for tho calendar year rsos, the minimum
anual amount wil bo rovised cumulatiel accordingy (wi ho revision of tho minimum
amount boing based on the increaso recorded by tho General National Consumer Pico
Ingex or ho previous year) as from 2008, inclusv, and effective on 1 January of each

year

The feos referred to in the preceding paragraohs rank fist (1%) in the Order ol Priority ol
Payments set out in section 3.4.6 of the Additional Guiding Block, and fret (1%) in the
Fund Liquidation Order ol Priority of Payments stpulated in section 3:45 ol the

Acéltional Building Blc

If on a Payment Date the Fund does not have suficiet iquidi to pay the Periodio
Administration Fee, the amount owed wil acerus interest a ara

«qual to the sum ol ()
the reference interest rate of the Bonds (3 month Euribor calculated as described in
section 4.8.1 ol the Secar

+ Note or the reference rate obtained by the interpolaion
provided for the fest Interast Peri) appicaie in ho period ol reference plus (1) the
final margin of the Class G Bonds, which wil bo paid on the following Payment Dat:
provided the Fund has sufcontlqudity, according to the Order ol Priority ot Payments
ol section 3.4. ol tha Additional Buding Block and to the Fund Liquidation Order ol
Priority ol Payments stpulate in section 3.4.6. hs AddlicnalBuliingBlcck

Al payments to third parties in respect ol ordinary expenses (such as the annual audit
ot the Fund, publications and others) and extraordinary expenses relating to the
management ol the Fund wil bo paid y th Gestora, on behall o and or ho account ol
ho Fund, provided tho Fund has sulicintliqidity to do so, according to the Order ol
Priority ot Payments of section 2.45 ol the Addicnal Buiding Black and to the Fund
Liquidation Order ot Priority ot Payments sipulated in section 3.4.6 of the Additional
Bulling Block

197


3.7.2 Administration and custody of the securitised assets

Barclays Bark undertakos 10 perform th custody and administration of the Mortgage Loans
according to arte 61.3 ol the Royal Decrao 685/1982, with the relations between Barclays
Bank, SA. and the Fund being governed by Iho Mortgage Loans Administration Agr
«. the “Administration Agreement") to be signed by Barclays Bank, SA
y as regards hat Agreemen!, the “Administrator”) and the Gestora, on behall ol
and for the account ol the Fund,

ment

“The Administrator wil continue managing tho Mortgage Loans dediating ho same timo and
attention to them and appling the same level of expertise, care and diigence in their
“administration as lt would dedicate and apply o the administration of Mortgage Loans with
respect to which it has not issued mortgage partipations and, in any event, wil apply an
adequate level ol experts, caro and dligence in tho porformanco of the services covered by

he Adminisraion Agreement

The Administrator in any event waives the rights and powers legal conferred on it in lts
capacity as collections managor or the Fund and Adminisrator of the Mortgago Loans and in
particular those contained in artos 1730 and 1780 ol he Civil Code and artce 276 ot he
Code ol Commerce.

A concise description ol he rules and ordinary procedures of administration and custodianshi
(the "Services") ol ho Mortgage Loans regulated by the Doed ol Estaishment ls contained in
he following subsections:

37.21 Rules and ordary procedures tor administration and management of the

Morigage Loans.

1 Administration

The Administrator wil maintain custody and administration o the Mortgage Loans and!
recelo, tor colltion management for tha account of th Fund, ll amounts paid by the
mortgage cbligors under ho Mortgage Loans, and immediately deposit the amounts that
belong to the Fund in the bank account held by ho Fund in ts name in the Administrator
(be Treasury Account

2 Tem


The Administrator vil provide the Services until of the Mortgage Loans have been ful
amortisod and al ol the obligations assumed by tho Administrator in relation o the Ps
have been discharged,

In tha event ol insolvency proceedings or lquidation ol tho Administrator, the Gestora
may, provided ts legal possible, appoint a new administrator ol the Mortgage Loans,
o must accept ho cbligatons provided in ho Administration Agreement. The Rating
Agencies must bo given prior noti ol the appointment ol tho now administrator and bo.
given detalle information on the new administrator and on tho costs associated with th
substituion. In order to avoid harm to the Fund and/or to the Bondhoiders, he
Administrator must be subsltuted in the administraon of the Mortgage Loans according
19 the terms o his paragraph,  shal continuo performing ts funcions untl th timo the
said subatítuion ls effectiely made.

Once the substituton has been card ul, he Administrator shall place at the disposal
ol the new administrator the documents and electronic records needed for he later to
pertorm the Sorvicas.

If the non-subordinated and unsecured short-term debt ol Barclays Bank PLO is al any
time assigned a credit rating o below A-1 on the SAP rating scale for short
if Barclays Bank PLOS equity stake in the Adminisraor is at any time less than 51%, the
Gestora wil adopt any measure needed to maintain the ratings assigned to the Bonde at
hal timo. The Adminisraor, fr lis par, undertakas to accept the measures adopted by

mis, or

the Gestora pursuant to he authoriy provided here.
2 Subcontracting

Upon prior authorsation rom the Gestora and by means of signing a servico agreoment,
ho Adminisrator may subcontract to a third party any o tho Sorvicos 1 has undortakon
for those which by law cannot be delegated. In any event, the
Agmirisrator shall ear tho ultmate responstilty for ho proper management ol hose.
senvices as provided in Law 2/1981, of 25 March 1981, on the Regulaton of the
Mortgago Market and Royal Decrae 685/1982, 01 17 March 1982, as amended by Royal
Decreo 1289/1991, ol 2 August 1991. The subcontracting must not ental any
amendment to the Desd ol Establtmment of the Fund or an increase in the price the
Fund, through the Gestora, must pay lo tho Administrator for providing the Services. The
must be noted to the Rating Agencies.

1o provido, exca

subcontrating emvisagad



4. Custody of documents

The Administrator wil act as custodian of the desds in which he Mortgage Loans were
formally contracted and all such other documents as may be of relevance, including.

without limitain, insurance policies and computo record,

The Administrator walves tho privieges which 1ho law conter upon lin its capacity as
collections manager for the Fund and custodian ol the Mortgage Transler Certfiates
and, in particular, those provided in arios 1730 and 1780 he Chil Code
pleóge cl tho deposted item) and 276 ot the Code ol Commerce (similar security to
rotention as pledge ol the deposited item)

tention as

The Gestora, on behall of and for the account of the Fund, may examine and the
Administrator must provide th original ol ho deeds in which the Mortgage Loans were
contracte, as well as the rest ol the relevant documents

rred lo above, that are

deposted with the Administrator, whonovor t desms ft and may request that a copy 01
any ot hose documents be delivered to 1 tres ol charge within no more than forty-eight
(48) hours. The Administrator must proceed in the same way in case ot requests for
information by tho auditor ol the Fund.

5. Collections management

The Administrator, as collections manager, vil receio fo he account ol tho Gestora, on
behalf of and for tho account ol tha Fund, all amounts paid by the mortgage obigors
under the Morigago Loans in respect ot principal, inte
including the insurance contracts assigned to the Gestora, on behalf ol and for the
account of the Fund, owed by vine of the Mortgage Loans and wil deposit the amounts

10 which the Fund is ent, for value hat same day, in the

Ó5t and or any other Hom,

roasury Account

The Administrator willcewiso pay into that account and subject to that samo timo limit,
such amounts as may be received from Iho mortgage obligors by way ol prapayment ol
the Mortgage Loans to which the Fund is entiisd. Conversely, the Administrator will not
pay the fees it recives, where such is the case, from the morigage obligors for the
prepayment ol the Mortgage Loans, s they belong to Barclays Bank, S.A.

In tis regard, n accordance with artilo 1827 01 the Civil Code, lt is noted that an
úbligor who makos payments to the original credito (tha is Io Issuer) before learn
ol the assigrment will be discharged from hs obligton.

10


6. Fixingtheinterestrat

The Administrator wil calculate the foating interast rato ot tha Mortgage Loans
according to the terms of ho loan agreoments and noti the mortgage obligors, witin
ho time limits sipulated in those agreements, of the nominal interast rato applicable

during the oliwing perid.

The Administrator vil provido information on the interest rato thus determined to th

bligors who so request and to the Gestora.
7. Advance ot funds; insurance against damago 1o the mortgaged homes

The Administrator wil never make an advance ol any amount which has not been

previously received from the mortgage obligore in

spect ol principal. interest,
prepayment or olher items arising rom the Mortgage Loans.

The Administrator shall nither take nor fal to adopt any measuro such as wil result in
th cancallation of any insurance policy against damage to tho morigaged homes or in
he reduction ol the amount payable on any claim under those polices. The
Agmiristator must act with due dilgence and, in all events, wil exerciso the rights
granted by such insurance polis or by tha deeds in which Mortgage Loan were granted!
in order to maintain n force and wit ful effect each insurance for damage policy (or any.
ler poli vih provides equivalent cover) in relation o the properties mortgaged as
colateral for the Mortgage Loans.

The Administrator, unless otherwise indicated by ho Gestora, vil be obliged to advance
the payment ol the poly premiums that have not been paid by the morigage obbgors
wmtenever il is amare ol such non:paymert, wiout prejudico to ls right to be

reimbursed for those advances by the Fund,

The Administrator, in the event of a loss, must coordinato he actions for cllcting the
indemiies under the insurance policies against damage to the homes in accordance
vit the terms and conditions of the deeds in which the Mortgage Loans were granted

and ot the polis themselves, and pay such amounts as ar collected o tho Fund,
8. Prohibited operations; events of increase of mortgage

The Administrator will not voluntariy cancel the morigages associated with tho PHS,

alv or ransact on them, wave the Mortgage Loans, in ful or in part, reno hem or

in general, carry out any otr

act that diminishos tho ranking, legal effect or economic

1


value ol the mortgage or ol tho Mortgage Loans, without prejudico to aterding to the
requests of Ihe morigage obligors with he same giigence and procedures as for its non-
participation loans or reasons other than he repayment ol the Mortgage Loan

Nevertholoss, in certain excepllonal crcumstances the Gestora may, to avoid tho costs
and uncertalntios entaled by all mortgage foreclosure processes and to maintain the
Funds financial equiibrium, and in all events safeguarding the interests ol the
Bondholdes, in ts capacity as manager oirá party businesses, gve the Administrator
instructions or prior authorisaion tor t to agres with the obligor, on ho terms they doom
fit, and Iewise in compliance wilh Law 2/1993 on the subrogation and amendment al
mortgage loans, an amending novation of he Mortgage Loans. In particular, upon prior
authoristion from tho Gestora (or to bo denied for reasonablo causes) Barclays Bank,
S.A. may agree o novations of he Mortgage Loans tha shorien r lengthon ho residual
term of he Morigage Loan in question (whether by shortening or lengthening the
amortisation calendar or by modifying the repayment method), in al events subject to
ho límit and conditions provided in the appicabla Igiiaion an this Prospectus and, in
particular o the maximum time limit for maturiy of tho Morigage Loans 30 Juno 2035,

vih will in no case bo exceeded by the sad novations

The Admirisrator wil in no event (not even at the nativo ol the Gestora) enter into
ronegotiations ol the in
applicable to a Mortgage Loan.

. ra

hat could lead o a decrease in the interest rate

The Administrator wil be authorised lo allow subrogations of the position ol the

mortgage oblior in the Morigago Loan contract, only where tho charactritc ol ho.

new mortgage obigor are similar to those of the previous one and comply with the
mortgage lending pollyy described in an Amnex to the Deed ol Estabishment, and!
provided that the whole ol the expenses arisng from such modification wi e for the
account of the mortgage obligors. The Gestora may limit al or part of this authority ol

the Acministrator or establh conditions for ts use.

Any othor renegotalion subscribed by tho Adminisrator wil only tako place with the
prior written consent of the Gestora, and the Administrator agrees to request such
consent from the Gestora as soon as it leams that a mortgage cbligor has requested a
renegotiatión

The Gestora, on behalf of and for the account ol he Fund, may al any time during the
term of the Administ

von Agresmont, upon reasonable advance notice o Barclays Bank,
SA. and for jusilod causes relatng to the maintenance ol the Funds financial

12


equilbrium, cancel, suspend or modiy such requirements or 1he Adminisrato's

renegoliaion powers as may have been granted.

In tha event thore takes place any renegotation o! one or more Mortgage Loan, the
Administrator wíl immediately communicate o the Gestora the conditions resulting from
ach renegotition. The communication wil be done through the electronic fe provided
or updating the condillons ol he Mortgage Loans. Both tho public desd and the private
contract for he novation of the Mortgage Loan consiions wil remain in the custody ol
the Admin

ator according to the terms ol this section.

In the event ol any renegotiation consented to by the Gestora, on behal! ol and for the
account ol he Fund, of the Morigage Loans, ol Iheir maturty dates, or o any 00
condition, the amendmert o! the conditions wil afoct ho Fund.

If 1ho Administrator has actual knowiedgo that tha value of th mortgaged property
serving as colateral for a Mortgage Loan has declined by more than th legal permitted
percentages, it wil give inmediato notice thereol to tho Gestora and, at ho request ol
the late, must, in accordance wi articles 26 and 29 o! Royal Decres 685/1982, request
the borrower to extend the mortgage accordingly to other ascets sufcient to cover the

required loan-to-value ratio

If ts mortgage obigor,
shall bo obliged to return the whole of ho Mortgage Loan or ho part ín excess ol he
amount equal 1o 80% ol ho updated appralsal or such lower percentago as may bo.
specified in he desd of grant ol the Morigage Loan, and tho Administrator will o obliged
the amounts recaved from tho obligor as a resul! hercof o the Gestora, on
behal o! and for the account of hs Fund, to the Treasury Account held y the Gestora in
the name of the Fund and described in section 3.4.4.1 ol the AgéltionalBuiling Block

being instructed ol the need for such extension, decline, it

to tran

If 1w0 (2) months after being instucted to do so the mortgage obigor has nelt
increased the mortgage nor retumed tha requisito part ol the Mortgage Loan, ho obligo
úshallbe deemed to have chosen lo retum the whole of the Mortgage Loan, which wil be:
immediately demanded by the Administ
"Mortgage Loan has been received, the Adminisrator wil immediately trnster to the:
Gestora, on behalf ol and for the account of the Fund, the appropriate part according to
the above.

or. Once the amount of he whole ol the

The mortgage obligor may make a request to the Administrator of tho Mortgage Loans

for he subrogatin of new creitor in accordance with the provisions af Law 2/1994 on

1


subrogalion and amendment of mortgage loans. Subrogation of a new creditr to the
Mortgage Loan and tho consequent payment of the amount owed wil produce the

accelerated maturiy of the Mortgage Loan and of the related PH

In po event wil novatons o the Mortgage Loans result in a modification o the calendar
ol th instalments payable in respect ol the Mortgage Loan pricipal.

9. — Powers ofthe holder of the PHs in the event of default on the obligations
of the mortgage obligor

Enforcement against the mortgage obligors

The Administrator shal apply tho samo diigence and procedures to caiming amounts
tallen ds and unpald on the Mortgago Loans as it would to the other Mortgage Loans in
lts porto and, in particular, will pursue the relevant enforcement action lle interal
procedures for oblaining payment satistacory o the interats ol tho Fund havo bean
completed but havo not achieved the desired results, ori! tho Gestora, after analysing
the specillc circumslances, deems, in agreement with the Administrator, such

enforcement approprat.

In the event ol nonpayment by a mortgage oblgor, the Fund, rough its Gestora, wil
have tho foliouing powers according to the provisions ol arta 86 ot Royal Decreo
885/1982, 0117 March 1982, as amendod by Royal Decreo 1288/91, 1 2 August 1991

0)

ol the mortgage:

(0) partcpato with ho same rights as ho Administrator in tho oreciosure the ate
pursues against the cbligor, appearing for ts purpose in any toreciosure
procesdinge commenced by the Administrator and sharing in the proceede of he
auction pro rata to its percentaga participation in the enforced credit

(6) it the Administrator does not commenco the proceedings within shxty (60) calendar
days from the notaríal notice demanding payment of the debl, the Gestora, 00
behall ol and for the account of the Fun, wil have subsidiary standing to iniiato
toreciosure proceedings ol the Mortgage Loan in tha amount corresponding to lts
percentage participation, for both principal and interest; and!

(8) if the proceecings pursued by the Administrator are hallo, he Fund, represented!
by the Gestora, may be subrogated to the posilon o! tha Admin

sor and



continue the foreciosure procoedings without tha need to wait for ho stpulated

time limito expire.

events provided in subparagraohs (c) and (4). the Gestora, on behall ol and for
tre account ol the Fund, may apply to the competent Judge o initiate or continue the

relevant foreciosu

proceedings, submiting with tha application the original certicate

ol the PH, including the notary demand stípulated in section (6 above and the registry

certiicate ol registration and sunvval of the mortgage.

If legal required, for purposes of aries 581.2 and 696.2 of the Spanish Civil
Procedure Law (Loy de Enjuiciamiento Cv; hereinator the LEC), the Administrator, in
the Desd ol Establlament ise, wil grant an Irevocabio power ol altomey to the
Gestora, as ample and sufcont as legaly required, so that ho Gestora cn, acting for
and on behalf ol the Administrator, seve a notary demand on tho mortgage obligar

any ol the Mortgage Loans for payment o ho obligas debt

The Fund, as owner of the PH, may lkewse participate, trough the Gestora, with
equal ights lo 1he Administrator n the enforcement procesdings and may, on the
jerms set out in ace 691 e seg. of the LEC, request o be awarded the mortgaged
property in payment of its creci. The Gestora wil sel hs properties thus awarded as

soon as possible in market conditions

In action, tho Administrator undertakos to repor o the Gestora on all non-payments,
prepayments and changes ol interest a

o and of demanis for payment, court actions
and any other circumstances having a material fíect on the Mortgage Loans. The
Agmiistrator állcowiso provide the Gestora with ll documentation the lattor may
request in relation to those Mortgage Loans and, in particular, the documentation

recu

6 or the inaion l any necessary legal action by the Gestora.

Entorcemont action against Barclays Bank, S.A.

The Gestora, on behalf ol and for tho account ol the Fund, will have a ight of action
against Barclays Bank, SA. to enforos the maturites of the PHs for principal and
interest when the defauit on the oblgaton to pay the said items is not the result ol
on-payment by the obligors under the Morigago Loans.

Once the Mortgage Loans have boon extinguished, the Fund through tha Gestora, mil
maintain ts rghts of action against Barclays Bank, S.A. until ll of ts oblgations have!
been full,

ss


10.

lablity assumed by Barclays Bank, S.A. to tho holdor of tho PHs

In accordance with Law 19/1892, th risk ol non-payment ol the PHs wil bo bome by
tre Bordhold

. Thereloro, tho Administrator, in ls capacity as Isuer of tho PH,
assumes no iabilty whatsogver or non-payment by the mortgage obligors, whether ol
principal, interast or any other sum hay may owo under the Mortgago Loans related to
tro Ph

3722 Liabliy ol the Adniniscator an Indemoificaion

The Administrator wl undertko to perform tho custody and adminisiraton of the
Mortgage Loans wit al due dligenco and wil bo labl o the Fund, through ho Gestora,

for any damage which may ase ou o its negligence
Indermification by the Administrator

The Administrator vil indemniy the Fund for any damage, lose or expense which the
1o the breach by the Administrator ol ts custody, administration and
reporting obigations in relation to the Mortgage Loans.

Fund may incur du

The Admiistrtor assumes no responsiaity tor guarantesing drectiy or indirect th
successful outcome af he operation; nor will grant any guarantees or suetie or enter
into any agreements for tha repurchase ol the PH, except lr hose hal at the Dato ol
Establihment do not comply with the representations and warranties contained in
section 2.2. of he AddiicnalBulding Block

3723  Bemuneration o he Administrator

As consideration for tha aciminisiraton and custody of the Morigago Loans, Barclays
Bank, SA. (or such entity as may replace tin the administration function, il appropriate
according to the terms of the Prospectus) wil bo entied o recalve on each Payment
Date an during tho term of the Administration Agreement, a subordínate administration
les ol O.D1% per anmum, which wil accrue daily and be paid quarteny on the
Determination Date or the previous Payment Date over the amount of PHs outstanding
at that Payment Date, VAT included. By way ol exception, the administration fes wi not
be assessed on the fat Payment Date, which vil be paid for the first time on 15 June:
2006 or the next allowing Business Day.

The amount of tho administration fos to bo paid on a given Payment Date wil bo
et

.mined by apoling the tolowing formula:

1


O Bx001% x 0/96

vt

O = Administration feo payable on a given Payment Dato,
B = Amounts ol the PHs outstanding at thal Payment Dato

dd = Number ol days in ho acerual peri o reeranco (excopl for the first acrual period,
for which therwil be considered the days from he Dat
Payment Dato).

ol Estabishment o A

fir

lts exprecly note that the administration fee will be understoc to include any ordinary
expenses incured in connection with the collections management (including. by way ol

exampla and without mitaton,

phone and postal expenses)

If Barclays Bank, S.A. ls replaced in tho performance o! tho administration and custody
duties, ll possible and appropriate to Ihe accompanying circumstances which could
impede or hinder tha proper performance of tha adminisiraon, the Gestora wil have.
authority to agree a difiront percentage (aven higher than 0.019% por annum) for the
commission payable to tha substitute, provided ll not a Barelays Group company. Such
o wil acerue and be paid quarter on cach Payment Date over th amount ot PHs
utstancing al hat Payment Date, VAT included,

1! Barclays Bank, S.A. is subetiuted as Administrator of the Morigage Loans at any time
during the Me ol ho Fund, tho new amount payable to the now administrator of the
Mortgage Loans in e wil be ranked third (3") in the Order ol
Priority ol Payments stiulated in section 2.4.5 of the Addiinal Buing Black (and third
(6) in the Fund Liquication Order o Púority ol Payments stpulated in section 3.4.6 01
the Adáitional Building Block), ahead of the payment o the amounts due on setlement
ot the Interest Rate Swap Agrooment, provided the new administrator doss not belong to
ho Barclays Group.

spect ol administration

Barclays Bank, SA. vil Icemise be entiea, as remuneralion or compensation for the
financial intermeciation carried on, to receive a vaíable and subordinated amount o be
determined and pald quateriy on each Payment Date. This sum wálaccrue quarter and!
be equal to th positive di

nes, if any, between the revenues and expenses acerued
quartery according to the Fund' accounting, so as to glve tha quarter financial margin
obtained (the “Financial Intermediation Margin”). The Financial Intermediation

Margin for each Payment Date wil only be paid to the extent that there exists, on that

17


28.

Payment Date, sulficiont liquity according to ho Order ol Priority ot Payments
stpulated in section 3.46 and to Iho Fund Liquidation Order 01 Priority ol Payments
SUpulated in section 3.4.5 ol ho AddlionalBuliding Block. Otherwise, Barclays Bank, SA.
vil ore al ig o th said Financial Intermedition Margin,

"This sum vil not bs considered a les or consideration owed for the delivery of goods or
provision ol a servico to tho Fund, but wil instead bo considered remuneration for ho
financial intormediation performed by Barclays Bank, S.A. by means ol issuing tho Ps
pooled in ho Fun.

If he Fund, through the Gestora, does not pay on a Payment Dato the whole ol he
adminisraton feo owed, due to lack of sulfcien lquidiy according to the Orde
Priority ol Payments stpulated in section 3.4.5 of the Additional Building Bleck, the

amounts not paid wil bs accumulated wibout any penalty whatscever wit the fos
payablo on the next Payment Date, and be paid at hat timo, unio tho lack ol liquidity
continue, in which case the payment owed wil be postponed unti he Payment Date on
vtich there ls sufcint liquid

Als, on each Payment Date, Barclays Bark, S.A. wil bo entiled o bo reimbursed fr all

excoptional expenses lt may have incurred, such as Ihose occasioned as a result ol

foreclosures, sale ol prope

s, payment ol premiums of insurance policies against
damage to the mortgaged homes that have not been paid by the mortgage oblgors, ete.
upon due jusicaton of thairrelaton to the administration of the Mortgage Loans.
Those expenses wil bo relmbursed provided the Fund has suffcient liguidty in
accordance with what is provided in section 3.4.6. ol the AdgitonalBulding Block,

Name, address and briet description of any counterparty for swap operations
and providers of credit liquidity or accounts

(0 Treasury Account:
Financial Services Agreement entered into wit Barclays Bank, SA
Description in section 52 (ol the Registration Document

dh Subordinated Loan for Set Up Expenses

Agreement for Subordinated Loan for Set Up Expenses entered ito with
Barclays Bank PLO, Spanish Branch


Description in section 5-2 (i) o the Registration Document.
(Loan Establistment o! tho Reservo Fun:

Agreement for Loan fo Estabishment ol the Reservo Fund ant
Barclays Bank PLO, Spanish Branch

into wit

Description in section 5-2 (i) o the Registration Document.
(4) Intorost ato Swap!

Intorost Rato Swap Agreement entered ino with Barclays Bark PLO, Spanish
Branch

Description in section 5-2 (i) o the Registration Document.
4. — POST-1SSUANCE REPORTING.

4.1. Obligations and projected frequency of public disclosure and submission to the
Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores ot periodic information on the
economic-tinancial situation of the Fund!

“The Gestora, for strict complance with the terms and condiions of the isue, undertakes to

issue he noties described in th folowing sections with ho trequency speciid or each.

4.1.1 Ordinary reporting

4.1.1.1 Reporting lo the CNMV

"The Gestora, as par ol lts Fund managemont and administration duties, undertakes to
submit to the ONMY, wi tho utmost iigenco, the information inciated below, witin
ne month after each Paymont Dato, in relation o all o! ho Bond Classes, performance

the PH, propayments and tho economic financia situation ol tha Fund,

3) — Inrelation to each of the Bond Classes and in reference to each Payment
Date

1. Outstanding Principal Balances and the percentagos they represent with respec to
the initial nominal amount ol each Bond Ciasees.

2 na

st acerued and pal,

1


2 na

st acerued and not pai.
4. Principal accrued and pad.
5. Amountol the Redemption Daft any.

Vit seven (7) Business Days follouing each Payment Dato, tho Gestora wilIsue a

cerlicat, signed by a person with suffcient powers, stting out: the Outstanding

Prinopal Balances ol the Bonds, the Redemption Defc, exist, and, il applicable, the
amount ol interest accrued and not paid to the Bondholders in accordance with the
provision ol section 48.2 o the Securi Note.

The certcate vil e fed with he CNV, wit the entity responsible for the accounting
recorde and the goveming body of the AIAF, for display to the public together with the
Des ol Establishment

b) — Inrelation to tho PHs
1. Outstanding Balance,

2. Interes, both acerued and recelved.

3. — Amount ol the nstalmonts past due of ho Mortgage Loans as at the report dato.

$) In relation to the economic-financial situation of the Fund and in
reference to each Payment Date

port on the source and subsequent application ol ho Avallble Funds according to the
Order ol Priority of Payments of section 3.4.5 of the AdóitionalGuiding Black.

4) Inrelation to prepayment of the Mortgage Loans.

Average real prepayment ate ol he Mortgage Loans in ho period of reference, as well
as ho average li ol the Mortgage Backed Securitsation Bonds assuming those average

prepayment rates are maintained

Every year, in relation to the Annual Financial Statements of the Fund (Balance Sheet,
Income Statement, Notes o those statements, Management Report) and Audit Repor,
as soon as avallble alter hair aporova, which must bo dono no later than 30 April

ch year.

150


41.12. Ordinary period reporting to the Bondholders in reference to esch Payment
Date

1. Within o period running from tho Interest Rato Fixing Dato and Iho noxt two (2)

Business Days and, at maximum, on each Payment Dato, tho Bondhalders wil o
suling or each Bond Class for tha
+ Period in accordance with tho proviions of section 4.8 ol ho

informed of the Nominal Interest Rates

tallomng Int

Securies Note.

2. Quarterly, at least one (1) calendar day belore cach Payment Dato, the
Bondholders wil be informed of hs interest resulting for the Bonde of each Class
ogethor with hair redemplion, lapplicabo, in aciion to

(0 the real propaymn rats fo ho Mortgage Loans as al tho Determination Dato
preceding the Payment Date

(0 the average residual ife of the Borde as estimated assuming Ihe said real
propayment rate is maintained in accordance with section 4.933 01 the
Securities Not

(io the Outstanding Balances alte the redemplionto be affected on each Payment
Date of the Bonds in each Class and the percentagos those Oulstanding
Balances represent with respect lo hs inial nominal amount ol tho Bons

(1) where applcabl, tha Boncholders wil bo informed of the amount ol int
and principal accrued and not paid due to insuffiency o! Avallabio Funds,

according to the rules on prioiy ol payments set out in section 3.4.6 of the
úAdátional Bulcing Block.

The above nolics wil be given as provided in section 4.13 below and Ikowiso bo.
foruarded to the Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y
Liquidación de Valores, SA. to the governing body ol the AIAF and to the Financial
Agent at least one (1) Business Day prior to esch Payment Date.

4.1.2 Extraordinary reporting

1. Once Mhe Desd ol Estabishment has been

:ecute the Gestora vil give noti
on behall ot and or he account ol the Fund, before he start of the Subscription
Period, o th formation o the Fund and of ho Bone issue, al in accordanco wit

19


section 422 of the Securities Note. his notice may be published on any day, be.

¡ta Business ora non-Business Day

By way of exception, the Nominal Interest Rates of all ol the Bond Ciass
determined for the frst Interest Period (which wil o 1h one running from the
losing Date to th first Payment Dato) and the margins applicable to each Ciass
vil be notiied in writing by the Gestora, before the start ol the Subscription
Period, totho Load Managor and to tho Underwniters, or ho information of the
Investors Interested in subscrbing ro the Bond. In adaion, the Gestora wi
also report that Information to ho CNAAV as acitional information further o this
ing body of he AJAF and o tho Sociedad de Gestión de
los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación do Valore, S.A

Prospectus, to ho gover

In the event nat an agreement is no reached with tho Load Manager and tho
Under

riters, and the Gestora sets the final margíns on lts own, or Il the
Under

ring Agreement is rescinded by invocation ol one ot he condiions set
ut therin, the Gestora wi notly CNMW that Barclays Bark, S.A. wil finaly ct
as Underuriter by vie ot lts underwling commitment refered to in section
41 of the Securities Note and rellcted in the Underuitng and Management
Agreement subject to the said conditions preceden!

2. Olherreporting

The Gestora, on behall o and for the account ol the Fund, wil inform the
Bondholders ol all material events which may arso in relation to the PHs, tha
Bonds, the Fund and Iho Gestora, capable ol having a significant influence on
trading in the Bonds and, in general, as to any material change in the Fund
assets or lbs. The Gestora, on behalf and for the account of the Fund,
vil inform the Bondholders ol any eventual decision to redoom the Bonds sary
for any of the reasons provided fr in the Prospectu, in such case submiting to
the CNMV and to 1h Rating Agencies tha notary certicato a lquidation and!
procedure referrad to in section 4.43 f the Securities Registration Document as
soon as its available.

4.13 Procedure for notification of the Bondholders

Al noticas which must be issued by the Gestora to tho Bondholders regarding hs Fund wil bo

given in he following manner.

152


1. — The peri ordinary noties referred to by section 4.1.1 of the Additional Guiding Block
vil be published in ho dal gazeto ol he ALAF or such othar publication as may replace
¡tin he future or anclher ol similar characteristics or in a dally newspaper wit wide

irculation in Spain, be a general nowspaper ora financial day.

2. The oxtraoráinary notics rotor

4 ton section 4.1.2 1 ol the Additional Building Block

above, except he one on Iho Nominal Inerest Rates of the Bond Class determined for

th first Interast Period and ho margins applicable to each Clas and, l applicablo, the
trat Barlays Bank, S.A. wil inaly at as Undenwriter,wil bo published in the daly
feed to in section 4.122 of the Addiinal Builing
Block above wál o publish in a daly newspaper with wide circulation in Spain, bo ita

gazetto ol tha AIAF, and Ihose

general newspaper ora financial dal.

In adéition, the above noticas may bo given by publishing them in other media in general

In adólion, he above noticas may be given by posting them on the Gestoras website
(ruwrcahorrytiulzacion.com).

For these purposes, he notification wil bo considered to have been elfectad on the dal

publication on any day of he calendar, be ta Business ora non-Business Day.
4.1.4 Reporting to tho CNMV and to the Rating Agencios

“The Gestora, on behalf and for the account ol the Fund, wilinform the CNV and the Rating
Agencies ol tho ps
allintormation requested o it independenty o Ie above.

fodio ordinary and extraordinary nolies given as provided above, along wi

he. Luis Miralles García, or and on bohalt o! Ahorro y Tiulzación, Sociedad Gestora de Fondos
de Tituzación, SA. in his capacity as General Manager has signed his Prospectus in Madrid on
is day 23 of November ol 2005.

158


Signature: Mr. Luis Mirall
General Manager

AHORRO Y TITULIZACIÓN, S.G.F..

¿SA


