 
 
FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN 
SANTANDER CONSUMO 8 
 
PROSPECTUS 
€ 1,522,500,000 
 
 
 
FITCH 
MDBRS 
Class A 
€ 1,267,500,000 
AA (sf) 
AA (sf) 
Class B 
€ 52,500,000 
A (sf) 
AA (low) (sf) 
Class C 
€ 60,000,000 
BBB+ (sf) 
A (sf) 
Class D 
€ 63,800,000 
BB+ (sf) 
BBB (high) (sf) 
Class E 
€ 56,200,000 
B (sf) 
B (low) (sf) 
Class F 
€ 22,500,000 
NR 
NR 
 
 
BACKED BY CREDIT RIGHTS ASSIGNED BY 
 
 
 
 
JOINT LEAD MANAGER  
AND ARRANGER     
 
 
 
JOINT LEAD MANAGER 
JOINT LEAD MANAGER 
JOINT LEAD MANAGER 
 
 
 
  
 
 
PAYING AGENT 
FUND ACCOUNTS PROVIDER 
 
 
 
FUND MANAGED BY 
Santander de Titulización, 
S.G.F.T., S.A. 
 
 
 
Prospectus recorded in the registers of  
the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (CNMV) on 20 May 2025  


F.T. Santander Consumo 8 – Important Information 
Page 2 
IMPORTANT NOTICE – PROSPECTUS 
YOU MUST READ THE FOLLOWING BEFORE CONTINUING. THE FOLLOWING APPLIES TO THE 
PROSPECTUS FOLLOWING THIS PAGE AND YOU ARE THEREFORE ADVISED TO READ THIS 
CAREFULLY BEFORE READING, ACCESSING OR MAKING ANY OTHER USE OF THE PROSPECTUS. 
IN ACCESSING THE PROSPECTUS, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS, INCLUDING ANY MODIFICATIONS THERETO. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is:  
(a) 
a “retail client” as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MIFID 
II”);  
(b) 
a “customer” within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of article 4(1) of MIFID II; and/or  
(c) 
not a “qualified investor” as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing directive 2003/71/EC (as 
amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently, no key information document (KID) required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “EU PRIIPS Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPS 
Regulation. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, 
“EUWA”);  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue 
of the EUWA; and/or  
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA.  
Consequently, no key information document required by the EU PRIIPS Regulation as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, the “UK PRIIPS Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
NOTHING IN THIS PROSPECTUS CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR A SOLICITATION OF AN 
OFFER TO BUY THE NOTES DESCRIBED IN THE PROSPECTUS IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT 
IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. ANY FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE 
PROSPECTUS IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. 


F.T. Santander Consumo 8 – Important Information 
Page 3 
FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE US 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (AS AMENDED, THE “UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT”) OR THE 
APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state of the United States or other relevant jurisdiction. The Notes may not at any time be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who 
is a U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S under the United States Securities Act (“Regulation S”)) by 
any person referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii) of Regulation S, (x) as part of their distribution at any time or 
(y) otherwise until 40 calendar days after the completion of the distribution of the securities as determined 
and certified by the Joint Lead Managers, in either case except in accordance with Regulation S.  
EXCEPT WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE SELLER (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3.1.2 
OF THE SECURITIES NOTE BELOW) (A U.S. RISK RETENTION CONSENT) AND WHERE SUCH SALE 
FALLS WITHIN THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY SECTION 20 OF THE FINAL RULES PROMULGATED 
UNDER SECTION 15G OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (THE U.S. 
RISK RETENTION RULES), THE NOTES ISSUED BY THE ISSUER AND OFFERED AND SOLD BY THE 
JOINT LEAD MANAGERS MAY NOT BE PURCHASED BY, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
ANY “U.S. PERSON” AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. RISK RETENTION RULES (RISK RETENTION U.S. 
PERSONS). PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE DEFINITION OF “U.S. PERSON” 
IN THE U.S. RISK RETENTION RULES IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO, BUT NOT IDENTICAL TO, 
THE DEFINITION OF “U.S. PERSON” IN REGULATION S. EACH PURCHASER OF THE NOTES, OR A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, ACQUIRED IN THE INITIAL SYNDICATION OF THE NOTES BY 
ITS ACQUISITION OF THE NOTES, OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, WILL BE DEEMED TO 
HAVE MADE CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES WILL BE 
REQUIRED TO MAKE CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND AGREEMENTS (INCLUDING AS A 
CONDITION TO ACCESSING OR OTHERWISE OBTAINING A COPY OF THIS PROSPECTUS OR 
OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS RELATING TO THE NOTES), TO THE ISSUER, THE ORIGINATOR, 
THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY, THE ARRANGER AND THE JOINT LEAD MANAGERS (EACH AS 
DEFINED BELOW) AND ON WHICH EACH OF SUCH PERSONS WILL RELY WITHOUT ANY 
INVESTIGATION, INCLUDING THAT IT (1) EITHER (I) IS NOT A RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSON 
OR (II) HAS OBTAINED A U.S. RISK RETENTION CONSENT FROM THE SELLER, (2) IS ACQUIRING 
SUCH NOTE, OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AND NOT WITH A 
VIEW TO DISTRIBUTE SUCH NOTE, AND (3) IS NOT ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE, OR BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST THEREIN, AS PART OF A SCHEME TO EVADE THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. RISK 
RETENTION RULES (INCLUDING ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE THROUGH A NON-RISK RETENTION 
U.S. PERSON, RATHER THAN A RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSON, AS PART OF A SCHEME TO EVADE 
THE 10 PER CENT. RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSON LIMITATION IN THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED 
FOR IN SECTION 20 OF THE U.S. RISK RETENTION RULES). 
The transaction will not involve the retention by the Seller of at least 5 per cent. of the credit risk of the 
securitised assets for the purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. The Seller intends to rely on the 
exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules regarding non-U.S. transactions that 
meet certain requirements. No other steps have been taken by the Originator, the Arranger or the Joint 
Lead Managers or any of their affiliates or any other party to otherwise comply with the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules. See section 3.4.3.2 of the Additional Information “US Risk Retention” below.  
IN ORDER TO BE ELIGIBLE TO READ THE PROSPECTUS OR MAKE AN INVESTMENT DECISION 
WITH RESPECT TO THE NOTES DESCRIBED THEREIN, YOU MUST NOT BE A “U.S. PERSON” AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S. 
By accessing the Prospectus or acquiring any Notes or a beneficial interest therein, you shall be deemed 
to have confirmed and represented, and in certain circumstances will be required to make certain 
representations and agreements (including as a condition to accessing or otherwise obtaining a copy of 
this Prospectus or other offering materials relating to the Notes), to the Issuer, the Originator, the 
Management Company, the Arranger and the Joint Lead Managers (each as defined below) and on which 
each of such persons will rely without any investigation, that (i) you have understood the agreed terms 


F.T. Santander Consumo 8 – Important Information 
Page 4 
set out herein; (ii) you are not a U.S. Person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the United States 
Securities Act) or, in relation to the offer, sale or delivery of the Notes, acting for the account or benefit of 
any such U.S. Person and the electronic mail address that you have provided in connection with the offering 
of the Notes is not located in the United States, its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands) or the District 
of Columbia; and (iii) you consent to delivery of the Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
THIS PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND 
MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER AND, IN PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE 
FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY U.S. ADDRESS. 
You are reminded that the Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into 
whose possession the Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction 
in which you are located, and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver the Prospectus to any other 
person. 
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer 
or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires 
that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Joint Lead Managers or any affiliate of 
the Joint Lead Managers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to 
be made by the relevant Joint Lead Manager or such affiliate in such jurisdiction. 
The Prospectus has been sent to you in electronic format. You are reminded that documents transmitted 
via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently 
neither the Management Company nor BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. (the “Arranger”), nor UNICREDIT BANK GMBH, 
BOFA SECURITIES EUROPE, S.A., BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. nor CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
S.A. (each a “Joint Lead Manager” and jointly, the “Joint Lead Managers”) nor any person who controls 
the Arranger or any of the Joint Lead Managers nor any director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate of 
any such person, nor the Issuer, nor the Originator accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in 
respect of any difference between the Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format herewith and the 
hard copy version available to you on request from the Management Company, the Arranger and/or the 
Joint Lead Managers. 
None of the Joint Lead Managers or the Arranger make any representation, recommendation or warranty, 
express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the information 
contained herein or in any further information, notice or other document which may at any time be supplied 
by the Issuer in connection with the Notes and accordingly, none of the Joint Lead Managers or the Arranger 
accept any responsibility or liability therefore or any responsibility or liability arising out of or in connection 
with any act or omission of the Issuer or any third party.  
None of the Joint Lead Managers or the Arranger undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of 
the Issuer nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Joint Lead Managers or the Arranger. 
None of the Joint Lead Managers, the Arranger or any person who controls any of them or any director, 
officer, employee, agent or affiliate of any of the Joint Lead Managers or the Arranger shall have any 
responsibility for determining the proper characterisation of potential investors in relation to any restriction 
under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules or for determining the availability of the safe harbour provided for in 
Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, and none of the Joint Lead Managers, the Arranger, the 
Management Company, any person who controls any of them or any director, officer, employee, agent or 
affiliate of any of the Joint Lead Managers or the Arranger or the Management Company accepts any 
liability or responsibility whatsoever for any such determination. Furthermore, none of the Joint Lead 
Managers, the Arranger, the Management Company, any person who controls any of them or any director, 
officer, employee, agent or affiliate of any of the Joint Lead Managers, the Arranger or the Management 
Company provides any assurance that the exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules will be available. 


F.T. Santander Consumo 8 – Important Information 
Page 5 
Neither the Arranger, nor the Joint Lead Managers nor any of their respective affiliates accepts any 
responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Prospectus or for any statement made or purported to 
be made by any of them, or on any of their behalf, in connection with the Issuer or any offer of the Notes. 
The Arranger, the Joint Lead Managers and their respective affiliates accordingly disclaim any and all 
liability whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise which they might otherwise have in respect of this 
Prospectus or any such statement. No representation or warranty expressed or implied, is made by any of 
the Arranger, the Joint Lead Managers or their respective affiliates as to the accuracy, completeness, 
verification or sufficiency of the information set out in this Prospectus, without prejudice to the liability of 
Banco Santander as Seller of the Receivables, as set forth in sections 1.1 and 1.2 of the Securities Note. 
This Prospectus has been approved as a prospectus by the CNMV as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The CNMV only approves this Prospectus insofar as that it meets the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the 
CNMV should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving a 
prospectus, CNMV gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or 
the quality or solvency of the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
Forward-looking statements, including estimates, any other projections, forecasts and estimates in this 
Prospectus, are necessarily speculative and subjective in nature and some or all of the assumptions 
underlying the projections may not materialise or may vary significantly from actual results. Such 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Prospective Noteholders are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the 
date of this Prospectus and are based on assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. None of the Issuer, 
the Seller, the Arranger, the Joint Lead Managers or any other party to the Transaction Documents 
undertakes any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect 
events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Prospectus. 
Words such as “intend(s)”, “aim(s)”, “expect(s)”, “will”, “may”, “believe(s)”, “should”, “anticipate(s)” or 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements and subjective assessments. Such 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The reader is cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Prospectus 
and are based on assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. 
(Remainder of page left intentionally blank). 
 


F.T. Santander Consumo 8 – Important Information 
Page 6 
IMPORTANT NOTICE: MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: 
(a) 
Target market: the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in MIFID II; and 
(b) 
Channels of distribution: all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate.  
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
(Remainder of page left intentionally blank). 
 


F.T. Santander Consumo 8 – Important Information 
Page 7 
IMPORTANT NOTICE: UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE 
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process (to the extent such manufacturer 
would be deemed to be a manufacturer under UK MIFIR), the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes in the UK has led to the conclusion that: 
(a) 
Target market: the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA 
(as amended, “UK MiFIR”); and 
(b) 
Channels of distribution: all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate.  
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
(Remainder of page left intentionally blank). 
 


F.T. Santander Consumo 8 – Important Information 
Page 8 
IMPORTANT NOTICE – UK AFFECTED INVESTORS 
The Securitisation Regulations 2024 made by the United Kingdom’s Treasury on 29 January 2024, 
(as amended, the “SR 2024”), together with (i) the securitisation sourcebook of the handbook of 
rules and guidance adopted by the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) of the United Kingdom 
(the “UK”) (the “SECN”), (ii) the Securitisation Part of the rulebook of published policy of the 
Prudential Regulation Authority of the Bank of England (the “PRA”) (the “PRASR”) and (iii) relevant 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”), set out the 
framework for the regulation of securitisation in the UK (collectively, the “UK Securitisation 
Framework”). Regulations 32B to 32D (inclusive) of the SR 2024, SECN 4 and Article 5 of Chapter 
2 of the PRASR, as applicable, place certain conditions on investments in a “securitisation” (as defined 
in the SR 2024) (the “UK Due Diligence Requirements”) by an “institutional investor” (as defined in the 
SR 2024). The UK Due Diligence Requirements also apply to investments by certain consolidated affiliates, 
wherever established or located, of such institutional investors which are entities subject to Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (such affiliates, together 
with all such institutional investors, “UK Affected Investors”). Further consultations and reforms relating 
to the UK securitisation regime (including a review of the reporting templates required under the UK 
Securitisation Framework) are expected in 2025, although timings are potentially subject to change. While 
the UK Securitisation Framework which took effect on 1 November 2024 effects some alignment with the 
EU regime, this new framework has also introduced new points of divergence and further divergence in 
the future between EU and UK regimes cannot be ruled out. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the UK Securitisation Framework is not applicable to the Seller or the 
Fund. 
Neither the Originator nor any other party to the transaction described in this Prospectus will retain or 
commit to retain a 5% material net economic interest with respect to this transaction in accordance with 
the UK Securitisation Framework or makes or intends to make any representation or agreement that it or 
any other party is undertaking or will undertake to take or refrain from taking any action to facilitate or 
enable the compliance by UK Affected Investors with the UK Due Diligence Requirements, or to comply 
with the requirements of any other law or regulation now or hereafter in effect in the UK in relation to risk 
retention, due diligence and monitoring, credit granting standards or any other conditions with respect to 
investments in securitisation transactions by UK Affected Investors. The arrangements described in section 
3.4.3 and section 4.2 of the Additional Information and elsewhere in this Prospectus have not been 
structured with the objective of ensuring compliance with the requirements of the UK Securitisation 
Framework by any person. 
Failure by a UK Affected Investor to comply with the UK Due Diligence Requirements with respect to an 
investment in the Notes offered by this Prospectus may result in regulatory sanctions being imposed by 
the competent authority of such UK Affected Investor (including the imposition of a higher regulatory 
capital charges on that investment). 
The UK Securitisation Framework also includes criteria and procedures in relation to the designation of 
securitisations as simple, transparent and standardised, or STS, within the meaning of regulation 9(1) of 
the SR 2024 (“UK STS”). The transaction described in this Prospectus is not intended to be designated as 
a UK STS securitisation for the purposes of the UK Securitisation Framework. Pursuant to article 12(3) of 
the SR 2024, a securitisation which meets the requirements for an STS-Securitisation for the purposes of 
EU Securitisation Regulation, which is notified to the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) 
in accordance with the applicable requirements before 11 p.m. on 30th June 2026, and which is included in 
the ESMA List may be deemed to satisfy the “STS” requirements for the purposes of the UK Securitisation 
Framework. No assurance can be provided that this transaction does or will continue to meet the STS 
requirements or to qualify as an STS-Securitisation under the EU Securitisation Regulation or pursuant to 
article 12(3) of the SR 2024 at any point in time. 
Prospective UK Affected Investors are themselves responsible for analysing their own regulatory position 
and should consult their own advisers in this respect and should consider (and where appropriate, take 


F.T. Santander Consumo 8 – Important Information 
Page 9 
independent advice on) the application of the UK Securitisation Framework or other applicable regulations 
and the suitability of the Notes for investment. 
None of the Seller (as originator) or the Fund (as SSPE) under the UK Securitisation Regulation are actively 
seeking to comply with the requirements of the UK Securitisation Framework. UK investors should be aware 
of this and should note that their regulatory position may be affected. The transaction will not be a UK STS 
Transaction and will therefore not be notified to the FCA for that purpose. 
(Remainder of page left intentionally blank). 
 


F.T. Santander Consumo 8 – Important Information 
Page 10 
ADDITIONAL IMPORTANT NOTICE  
IN RESPECT OF THE OBLIGATION TO SUPPLEMENT THE PROSPECTUS 
This Prospectus has been registered with the official register of the CNMV on 20 May 2025 and shall be 
valid only until the time when trading on a regulated market begins, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Accordingly, it is expressly stated that the obligation to supplement the Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply after the time when 
trading on a regulated market begins. 
(Remainder of page left intentionally blank). 
 
 


ZE to ga real El
13, Stern reso tito pusn 8 a Gon rias Aca uc E
12 nforme pacas oy 3 py E
22 dssaand comento re ali Fnd and Cal En Toe UE, E
51. ar cese sur princi acts. a

A AL ARNO E TUE MANAGE CONAN >
ares 5

SECURITIES NOTEFOR WNOLESALE MON-EQUITY SECURITIES. . ..
12 into ps y 3 nn pr E
32 Meis anonimas nt ral le pc, a]
43 Toten sais vns seua ra a

Sc rustva sony sin zos nu ser cop rice nl no, ndo,
Siro opa, lena on ele l stordnaton l Seis arde pto er on a verán



47 Despensa any ion lee, tcs sn eres nó rr or te
ro ad ne »
E aa ers aa 26 prior saga tras poa. >

E RSS MESITA
72 ar momen de acres te nica as By ad e oined y lr lr au
e ing ced 80 acres ia guau e Copan a 0 a Dl

rocas A! opone te org e toga Y aos prsoay an bles ye rt pcia 98

2. A statement nf has ban, e nde a communicate ESMA, as regard sino
er ocre scsi (TS) mara, nro apra so2
13 Tine om econ EN
15, Confor momen tg an nto rl vola ans bt.
ray er hom e ifomaton pla y e inceotrg/tr sos
22. Coniranion nt ect ost baca de tu ne Cerco Dal demana de capi
e ds mado xd ae eros oras porn eat dl e e DR
no cout a ases to nor er srleale,a matar a Sima parón nn a prosas
rm en mi e linces y te sia se
Sa esla o on ans EN
35 Mi aer one sgte bere sc la ler. ES
222 "ona rá aras anuiage ore rear ig and arrolla ara rd qu
22. Onion rd draws comes o only 1 np ar dy se CA nd Bar,
Danese ets en a cmainanes sor ea Fin. EN



This document ls the Information memorandum (the "Prospectus”) for SANTANDER CONSUMO 8, FONDO
DE TITULIZACIÓN (e "Fund!" or the Issuer”) approved and registereainthe Spanish Haiona Secuives
Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores, "EMMY" on 20 May 2025, in accordance
vt tneprovisans o the Prospectus Regulation and tne Commission Delegates Regulation (EU) 2019/980
Af 14 March 2019, supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parlament and ot the
'ouncl as regards tne forma, content, Scrusny and approval of the prospectus to be publsed unen
securties ae offerea to the publ or admite to trading on  reguatea market, and repealing Commission
Regulation (EC) No 809/2004, as amended (he "Prospectus Delegated Regulation”), anich Includes
ne folomng:

1. a description of the main risk factors related to th Issue, the securts and the assets that back
the issue (the "RIsk Factors”)

2. a registration document for the secure, drated in accordance with Amnex 9 of the Prospectus
Delegated Regulation (the “Registration Document”),

3. anote onthesecurties, rated in accordance with Annex 15 of the rospectus Deleated Regulation
(the "Securities Note”)

4. an acértonal information to the Securities Note, crated in accordance wi Annex 19 of the
Prospectue Delegated Regulation (he "Adgitional Information”); an

5. a gloesary vt definition (the "Definitions".

Any websites included anaJorreerred to in tisProspectus are for information purposes onty and do not
form part of ns Prospectus nor have been scrutnised or approved by the CNMV.

(Remainder ol page let ntentional bank)



INQUIRY OF THE GENERIC RISKS DERIVED FROM THE UNDERLVING ASSETS, THE MATURE OF THE.

Related to the underiying assete
SOS PAYMENT DEFAULT OF THE BORAOWERS

"Notenolders and te crediors af the Fund snal bear the risk of payment default by Ene
Borrowersoftne Receivables poled n the Fund. in particular, in the event that the loees of
the Recelvables pooled in the Fund vere higher than the credit ennancements describe in
section 3.4.2.1 of the Adóltonal Information, is Grcumstance could potential Jeopardse
the payment of principal and/or Interes under the notes and/or the Star-Up Expensas Loan
Agreement

The Seller does not assume the risk f payment default o the Recevables and, therefore,
shall accept no lblty whatsoever for the Sorrower= default of principal, interest or any
tner amount due under the Loan agreements. Pursuant to arce 348 of the Spanish
Commercial Code and article 1,529 of the Spanish Cil Code, the Seller wil only be
responsible to th Fund for the existence and Iauulness of the Recelvabes, in he terms and
conditns se fort in ns Prospectus, the Deed of Incorporatin and the Sale and Purchase.
Agreement, as well as for the legal Status under which the transfer of the Recesables s
performed. Te Seller assumes no responsibilty or or n any way warrants the successful
ztcome of te transaction and no guarantees vil be granted by any pub or private att
inclueing the Management Company, the Selr or any other afilate or investes companies
Moreover, the Seller does not underake to repurchase the Recelvables except for the
repurchase oblgaton foreseen n seton 2.2.9 0 the Adóitonal Information

Level of payment defaut by Borrovers under the Recelvables may be additional Impacto
by, amongst others, fuctuations in general economie condhions and her actors linked to
housenold income, hich may have an impact on the ablty of the Borrowers to meet their
payment oblgations under ne Loans. Any deterioraton of the mactoeconome iuaton could
potenwaly have an adverse effect on the ablty of Borrouers to meet ther payment
úblgatioas under the Losns and, ultmatel, the abit o he Fund to make payments under
the Notes. The macroeconomie potential efec are further described inte sk factor located
in section 1.1.2 below.

Moreover, unemployment, lss of eanings, liness, dvorc, lsses of subsicies and ather
Sila factors negatiely impactng householá incomes may also lezá o an Increase In
Aelnquencies ana insolvency ngs by the Borrowers, mhich may in tum have an adverse
ftec on the ablty the Borrowers to meet ther payment oblgations under the Loans and,
úlimatey, the ablty the Fund to make payments under tne Notes.

For llutrative purposes:



(0) Tables win nstarcal information af defaults and recovery rates of the Sellers
consumer loan portfolio are displayed at the end of section 2.2.7.3 ol the Addrional
Information. Te estimated cash ows displayed in section 4.10 af the Secuives Note
have been calculated considering a constant default rate (COR) 1.60% (annual) with
an average recovery rte o 23% at tuenty-four (24) months, that re consisten wi
ne rats of the Sellers port of equivalent loans

For the purposes of this Prospectus, such "porfa of equivalent loans" refers to a
porto consumer loans within the Seller's total porfi, whose cnracterstes are
comparable to the Preliminary Porfa and thats the objet of te tales aná data
Show in secon 22..3 of te Additional Informaton. In particular, the portal cf
“equivalen loans complies wi th folowing crera () no loan has or shall ave an
outstanding balance higher than € 100,00, (1) no Recewable derves from a
Restructued Recelvable, (1) esch lcan has a Reguistcy PD (probably of default)
aualto ar les than 6% (Le loans caca as Stage 2 would be excludeo) (1) and
loans grented to new cent are exclucea.

(0) As described In section 4.10 of the Securities Not, the lss ratio at maturty is 2.02%,
Aassuming () 2 CPR of 159%; an (1) tt the Management Company, acting on benaif
of the Func, proceeds to the Eary iquiation of the Funs, ans follaing te
Instrutons Of the Seller, as estblhed by section 4.4.3.2) of Me Registration
Document men the Outstanding Balance o the Recelvabls al below 10% o? the
úutstancing Balance of the Recevables on the Date of Incoporatio.

Prospecte Investors inte Notes houlá De aware that igher annual constant default rates
and/or lower recovery rates than expectad co adverselyaftct th credtwortness the
Borrowers and ther capacty to repay the Loans from WhNch the Recelvables backing the

"Numerous factors have afected or may affect the economy and the financial markets in the
coming months or years, having economic and financial repercussios.

According to te st reports "ECB staff macrosconomieprofctons for tre Euro area - Mare
2025", ana "Bank al Spain Nacrosconomie projections for the Spanish economy = March
2028" e key macroeconomie parameters are as folows:

Gor

Em 27% 19% 17%
Tafiation

Em 25% 17% EJ

An adalton, growing geopoltical tenions, amongst others n Eastern Europe (pariculry, in
Ukraine) an in Mile East (patcla in Irae, Lebanon, the Red Sea and in the Bab-el-
Mande sti), may ada pressure to the global supply chan, which potentily can lso have.
negative efect on mori trade aná inder economic growth

High consumer and commodiy prices, a decine in infation lower Enan expectes and an
evolution of the economy ch ls worse than expected may have an adverse effect an the
financial condion of the Borrowers and hence, on thlrablty to repay tel existing debt
under the Loans. Amongst other factors, geopoltcal coi, trade tarifs under th Unite
States acmnisration coló impact the Spanish and Global economies and may Cause the
main macrosconomie forecast to deviate from the projetons made. Such tar oulg nave.



the eftect of, among cther rings, aising prices to consumers and potentaly alu,
reciprocal tri, uni could slow the global economy, and the removal of tar may or may
ot id the Inendes resul,

An tt scenaro, according to the Bank of Spain report "MacrogconomiProjectons of the
Spanish Economy - March 2025", in recent months, global economic actuty has Been
úntoldng amia growing uncertainty aná geopolica Complex. Most inices measuring
international econome policy uncertainty and geopotical ad trade tensions hawe surged In
recent months. TN deteriraton 1 largely associated wi the various measures announced
by the new administration inthe United States (primary concerning tar), he douts about
trar possible macroeconomie and financial impact and the potental reactions from the
auhortls o otner major mori regions ke China and the European Unicn (EU)

Vistas of tne date of ni Prospectu les nt possible to forese ne ful impact cf the
above factor in the global, national or local economy, and consequentl he efetstney may
have on the Fund and the notes, the economic conditons may afec n particular () the
ablty of Borromers to make ful and timely payments of principal and/or interests under the
Loans; (4) the Cashiñows rom the Recemvable in te event of moratotums or reef measures
wether Imposed by the competent govermment authortes, apcabe legislation, adopted
a industry level or otnermise afteting payments to be made by ne Borrowers under the
Loans (ses “Enforcement ISK” below in section 1.1.7); (l) the market value o the Notes,
considering the current scenario o Interes rats, which has resulte In an increase in market
Interest risks and which cul lead toa fal in the price af the Notes [the Notehoiers decide
to sell the Notes before redempion; and (v) th partes bit o perform tner oblgations
under the Transaction Documents to which they area party (nluing any ale to petorm
rising from cicumstances beyond their contra!)

Several calculatins, such as the average yl, duration and final maturty of the Notas in
ac Class conan in secon 4.10 cf the Secunties Note are subject to 3 number af
hypothese inlulng, inter ak, estímats of prepayment rates that may ot e fufla,

Prepayments on the Loans may occur as a consequence o (1) early prepayment of the Loan
by the relevant Sorrower, n the Eeems set out in the relevant Loan Sgreement from which
the Recelables se; or (1) eary prepayment of the Loan by the relevant Borrower due to
the fact that the Seller has granted 3 ne loan which cancels the Loan assigned o te Fund,

Upon terminaion of the Revolving Perla, is prepayment risk shall pass quarter on each
Payment Date onto the Noteholders by the partal redempicn of the Notes, to ne extent
applicable in accordance with the proviios of section 4.9.2. of the Securtes Not,

The prepayment rate of th Loans cannot be precited and Is infuenced by a wide variety of
economic and other factors, including prevallag Interest rates, householá income, the
avallaplty o ternatwe fnancing and loc and regional economic conditions. For Mustrative
purposes, the average prepayment rates of the Selers porflo of equivalent Isans polea
ln the secumisaton funds "SANTANDER CONSUMO A, FONDO OE TIMUZACIÓN”, "SANTANDER
CoNSuMo 5, FONDO DE TITAIZACIÓN” and "Sara CONSUMO 6, FOTO 0E TITWUZACIÓN” are
19.9%, 13.21% and 16.81%, respectuey

Prepayment o the Recewvables In rates higher than expected will cause the Fund to make
payments of principal on the notes earlier than expect an wil sorten the matury of the
Notes. principal 1 paid on the Notes garler an expected due to prepaymente on the
Receliabls (Such prepayments occuring ata time when interest rates are lower tna interest
rates hat would otherwise be applied If such prepayments had not been made or made ata
¿iterent time), Noteholders may not be able o renvest the pncial ns comparable securty
with an effective interest rate equivalent to the Interest rate on the Notas, Simlay, 1



principal paymente on the Notes are made later tnan axpecteo dueto slower than expect
Prepaymens or payments on the Receivables, Notehoiders may lose reinvestment
pportunides. Notenldere wi bear al seuvestment risk rsuling from recevng payments
ef principal on the Notes srl or later than expected,

Ruso CONCENTRATION ON TAE LA OEM veans

hs deals in secton 2.2.22(4) af the Adgtionl Information, tre largest concentration
according to the year of oniginaton of tne Preliminary Portolo from wen Loans wil ve
assigned to the Fund are, as a percentage cf the Outstanding Balance of the Recevables,
year 2022 (1LGSUWN) and year 2024 (57.60%), atogetner representng 69.25%,
Considenng such Righ concentration in th originatio ín 2022 and 2024, can be assumed
that te celinquency rate of Preliminary Portolo has not yet reached lt maximum vale,
0 ts possible tt ln the coming months the delnquency rate of the Recetabies may
increase, which woul reduce tre AvallbleFunde ano therefore could affect the payment of
interest and principal on the Notes.

nes RATE ras

ne assets af the Funa ll be made up of the Recelvables representing the economic rights
in te Loans selectes from among those comprisng the Preliminary Porfol. In ti regaró,
100% cf the Recelables comprsing the Preliminary Porollo have sed Interest rte.

On the ornerhand, te iaplts fte Fund vil consist maiiy of he Notes which wi acerue
an annual nominal fosting interest.

Based on the above, the Recelvables posied in the Funa include and wi inclu interest
payments calculates a Interest rates and penods, which ar diferent from the Interest rates
ná periods applicable to the Interest due under in respec o ne Notes

For ilustratwe purposes, the wlghted average Interest rte of () the Notes ls 324%
(assuming a 3-month EURIBOR rte of 2.143% on 13 May 2025); and (1) the Receivables
6.70%, as described in table (U) Of section 222.2 (Recelvabls) of the Additional
Information

An light of the above, the Fund expect to meet lts payment obligations under the Notes
primary witn the payments reating to the collections from the Recetables. However, the
Interest component o such colectons may have no corelaton to the floating rate applicable
to the Notes from time to Eme,

A order to prtect e Fund from a station here EURIBOR increases to such an extent nat
tre colectins are not suficintto cover the Fund'obigations under the Notes, the Fund
vil enter nto an Interest rate suap agreement (the “Interest Rate Swap Agreement”
Vil 000 SAIAMDER, SA. (the "Swap Couterparty”), which Shal at al times bo (or ls
cres support provider shall at al tmes be) an instuon rated in accordance with the
provisins of the Interes Rate Suap Agreement, to hecge the Notes against potential future
Increase of EURIBOR 3-montn above th interest rate applicable under the fed Loans.

Accordigly, the Fund may in cetain crcumstances depend upon payments made by tne
Swap Counterparey in order to have suficient Avalole Funds to make paymente of interest
on the Notes. Felur by the Suap Counterpany to pay any amounts ven due under the
Interest Rate Sua Agreement vil consttute a default thereunder and tne Fund vil be
exposed to Interes rate risk n the event of any potental increase of EURIBOR 3-month,
*Tnerefor, unless one or more comparable Interest ate suap agreements are entered into
boy the Funa, the Avalable Funds may be insuficien to male the payments o interest on the
Notes and the Notenoiders may experience delay and/or reductons In the payments at



n the event of es temminaton af the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, inuding any
termination upon falre by the Swap Counterparty to pertom lis obligations, the Fund wi
endeauour but cannot guarantee to find a replacement Swap Counterpay. In Such case,
Ene 10 aesurance that the Fund wIl be able to mee te payment oblgatins under Ene
Notes in ful or even in part

the Imerest Rate Swap Agreement ls ery terminated, hen the Fund may be oblged to
pay the amount determined as described in seon 34.81 of he Additional Information
(gursuant to Section S(e) ot the ISDA Master Agreement of the Interest Rate Swap
Agreement) to the Swap Counterany which may be Based on the actual cost or maiet
uotatins provided by reference entisas of the market the cost a enterng into an interest
Fate swap agreement simiar to the Interest Rate Swap Agreement and the unpald amount
an or porto the ear terminaioo date. Except in certain arcumstances (.,, f the Swap
Counterpary ls 'Defauting Paty, any termination payment due to the Swap Counterpaty
by the Fund val ra in prior to payments due on the Notes. Any adárional amounts
reguiea to be pal by the Fund asa result cf the ei terminatio af th Interest Rate Sua
Agreement (ncleding any extra cost incures fte Fund Cannot immediately enter into one
r more, as appropriate, replacement interest rate Simao agreements), may alo rank in
porte to payments due an e Notes. Therefore, is may reduce the Avallable funde to
o ÓN

As perthe table (x) of section 2.2.2.2 of the AdGIsonal Information the Spanish Autonomaws
Communises (Comunidades Autónomas) having tne largest concentratio of Borrowers of
the Loans forn nic the Recevabls selected to be assignea to the Fund anse are, as a
percentage ot the Outstanding Balance of the Recelables as follows: Madrió (18.52%),
Ancaluia (17.94%), Cataluña (21.41%) and Galia (7.95%), together representing
55.82% ef te Outstanding Balance

o tne extent that tnece Autonomous Communities expenence a detenoraton of tner
respecte regional economic condon in the future, particularly in comparison to other
regions In Spain, concentration of the Loans n such regions may exacerae the rela
relating to te Loans and, in partculr, the risk of Borrowers' default on tel payment
blgations Under the Loans. In adsiuon, any downtun In tne local economy of these
Autonomous Communities may adversey afec the employment levels ana, consequent,
the repayment ablty o he Borrowers located in these Autonomous Communities

Given that all Loan agreements have been formslised as private documents, the court
procesding avalable to the Servir in case of Borrowers default under the Loan agreement
Consits n the Servier commencng deciratve proceedings (acción declarativa) for the
recognition o the amounts that are due and payable under the Loan agreement in order to
<ubsequenty be able to commence enforcement action (acción ejecutva) of the patenta
ali agalst the assets of the Borromer

108 Loan agreements had been documented as notarial deed (póliza), the enforcement
proceeding would foreseeaply be quicker than the court proceedin for private documents,
Aste former provides for direct enforcement (se further information on enforcement Uiming,
in secson 22.7 of the Addiicnal Information). 1n tn regar, a delay in the recovery
procedures of the Los formalied as prtvate contract as opposes to the lcans formalses
as notarial deeás (pdlzas) could etal a temporary reduction and/or postponement of cast
ows under the Loan and, ultmately, he Ssuer ablty to make payment under the Notes,
without e being possible to Know in advance the timing of such procedures



in adétion, the councl of ministers has sanctoned a draft bil conceming credí.
administrator and purchases, proposing amendiments to certain egulains related to loans
¿ranted to consumers in Spain (Proyecto de Ley de administradores y compradores de
créditos y por la que se modican la Ley de Medidas de Reforma del Sistema Financiero, la
Ley de contratos de crédito al consumo, la Ley de ordenación, supervisión y Solvencia de
entidades de crádito, la Ley reguladora delos contratos de crécto inmobiianio y el texto
cefuncida de la Ley Concursal) (the “Draft BI). The Draft Sil second final provision
mmandates regulatory changes in the Law 16/2011, which regulatas consumer credí.
greement, incucing the matters described as folows: () lenders must implement debt
renegotition policies rated by the highest goveming body for al debtor categories,
Fncompassing measures such as extension of maturty Cats, deferal of payment, reductos
A interest rates, grace periods, partial repayment, currency conversion, partial orglveness,
and debe consoldation, aímed at facating feaconable renegoiaton agreements before
¿emancing ful repayment or Iniatg Judicial procescings, shout speciing mandatory
minimum standarés; (4) economicaly vulnerable borrowers must be offered payment plan,
before the sale or assignment the matured loan to 2 third paty, under which he acera!
af new Interest and fees on the loan Is rozen, th deb ls repaid in 2 manner consisten wit
Ene borowers financia crcumstances, with month istalments not exceeding fwe per cent
fthele monty Income at the time he offers made, anda predened debe reduction Scheme
ls applea; (1) obigetons arng from customer protecón an transparency regulations,
hal be fully rnsferes to te third-pay assigne, and the codes f good practice here
to by theassigorshal remain applcabl; (1) speafi pre-contractual Information obigations
concering the modification of credí. agreement terms are mandated; and (y) ceain
conditions goveming the Imposion a default harges cr eaty maturty fees on customers
are included. Tus Dre BI il undergo the parlamentary process, here can be approvea
(ui or wtout modficatons to the above) or not passed. Should he above provisons be
approved tey coulental temporary reduction and/or postponement of cash fows under
the Loans and, utimately, the Issuers ablty o make payments under the notes ora materal
verse Impact

Related to the nature of the securities

As described in section 4.6.3 ofthe Securtes Note, duing the Pro-Rata Redemption Peris,
the orainary recemprion o the Class A Notes, the Class Notes, the Class C Note, the Class
D lotes and the Class E Notes wi par pass and pro-1aa thu preerence or piorty
amongst themselves in accordance with he Pre-Enforcement Proy af Payment set fort
in section 3.4.7.2 of the Asdtonal Information in an amount equal to the Pro-Rata
Redemption Amount

Furtnermor, as desees in section 4.6.3 of the Securities Note, upon Ene occuence ef a
Suboraiation Even (other than a Selir's Cal Option), during the Sequential Redemption
Period, the Class A Notes, the lass Notes, the Class Notes, the Cass O Notes and the
Glass É Notes vil pe redeemed sequentily in accordance su he Pre- Enforcement Proy
of Payments se orthin secton 3.4.7.2 of the Adaticnal Information.

Conversely, tne Class F Notes vil redeem from the First Payment Date wit the avalable
xcess spread for an amount equal to Class F Notes Target Amortsaton Amount ln
accordance vit the Pre-Enforcement Prior of Payments set forth in section 347.2 the
datan Information.

As a resul, upon the accurence of a Subordinatin Event (which comprises, among otters
senta, Increase in the Cumulatwe Default Ratio above certain percentages, the ocoumence
ta Suap Coumterpany Domngrade Event or an Event of Replacement 0 he Serucer or the
exerose of Seller Cal Options, as futer described in section 4.92 the Securities Note)
mer tnan a Seller's Call Option,



(2) Class A Notes: wil rank pai passu and pro rata without preference or priorty
“amongst themselves and in priority o the Class 8 Notes, Class (Notes, Class 1D Notes,
laes É Notes and Clses Notes and snal benefi from 17.00% ol subaraination el

Class Notes, Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes and Clas F Notes, a the
case may be

(0) Class 8 Notes: ill rank parí passu and pro rata without preference or priority
“amongst themselves and in priorty to the Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class £
lotes and Class F Notes and sal benefit from 13.50% af suboráination of Class €
Mates, Class D Notes, Clase E Notes and Class F Note, as he case may be.

(6) Class € Notes: wil rank par passu and pro rata without preference or priority
“among themscves and in pronty o the Class D Notes, Clase E Notes and Case
F notes aná Shall benefit from 9.50% of subordinaton af Clas D notes, Class E
Notes and Class F Notes as the case may be.

(6) Class D Notes: xl rank par passu ana pro ata without preference or priority
amongst themselves and In priorty to the Class E Notes and Cass F Notes and
Shall benefi from 5.25% of subordiation of Class E Notes and Class F Notes, as
ne case may De.

(6) Class E Notes: will rank par passu and pro rata without preference or prior
“mongst themselves and n prlorty to the Class F Notes and shal bene from
10% of subordination of Class F Notes, as the case may De.

(O Class E Notes: mil rank par passu and pro rata without preference or priority
“mongst themselves and shall not benefit for the subordination f any other class
f Notes, as tne case may be. The proceeds of this Class or Notes are not used to
purchase Recelvable, but to fund the Reserve Fund up to an amount equal to the
Ínitl Reserve Funo.

As 3 result of ne sequental redemption o th Notes, Juiorrankng Classes cf Notes il pe
Subordinated to more sentor Clases of Notes thereby ensuing tnat Avalable Funds are
Applle to more Senior Classes of Notes in pol to more Junior Classes of Notes. The
existence of such subordnatin entais 3 greater exposure of Junior Classes of Notes (the
more Junior, the greater exposure) to Righer volatity, Inerruption of payments, and
úlimatay a potental sutalnment o osses, In comparison to senior Classes of Nota There
Is no cetanty tha these subordination rules shall protect any Class Notes rom te risk o
loss, The materlty of tis risk s futner developed In section 3.4.7 of the Aditanal
information.

Glass A Notas are intended to be eld in a manner vic il alow them to be recognised as
eligible colateral or Eurosystem monstary polly and Inraday credit operations by the
Evrosystem ("Eurosystem Eligible Collateral”). This means that the Class A Notas are
intended tae deposted wi SOCIEDAD DE GESTIONOE LOS SISTEMAS DE REGISTRO, COMSENSACIÓN
LIQUIDACIÓN DE VALORES S.A.U. ("IBERCLEAR:”) but does not necessary mean that the Cass
A notes shall be recogised as Eurosystem Elie Colateral ethr upon issue or at any time
uring tel ie. Such recognition il, Inter aa, epend upon satisfaction o he Eurosystem
ligibllty criteria set cut ín the Guidelne of the EC8 of 19 December 2014 on the
implementation of the Eurosystem monetary polty framework (£C8/2014/60) recast) as
amendes and applicable from time to Eme (the "Guideline”) including compliance wit loan-
by-loan reporting in a prescribe format and manner.



the Class A Notes do not satiiy the teria specific by the ECB, or If the Service fas to
<ubmitthe required loan-level data, Ene Clase A Notes vor be eb for being Euresystem
Elgioe colateral

Nether the Fund, the Management Company, the Seller, the Joint Lead Managers or the
Arranger ge any repcesentatons, warranty, conmation or guarantee to any potential
Investor that the Clas A ots wi, lher upon Issue, or at any me during tner If, satisty
any or all requirements for Eurosystem elgibilty and be recognized as Eurosystem Elglle
Collatral for any reason whatever Any potential Investor in the Clas A Notes should reach
ls oun conclusions and seek 1 oun aduce with respecto whether or not the Class A Notes
constitute or may in the future cescs to consttute Eurosyatem Elle Collatera,

Several calculatins, such as the average vil, duration and final maturty of the notes ln
ac Clase (ascuming a constant prepayment rate (CPR) of 12%, 15% and 189% - wnicn
consten wth the Nstorcal Information provided by the Seller as per the tables shown in
Section 22.3 the Additional Information) contained in section 4.10 o the Securts Note
are subject to a number of hypothesis, inter al, estimates of prepayment rates and
¿ellnquency rates that may not be full,

"Tnese calclations are Inuenced by a number of economic and social factors such as the
macroeconomie Instablty described in Risk Factor 1.1.2 (ReK resulting om the
macrosconomi, geopaltial and clmate cando), mare interest rate, the Borrowers"
financial cicumstances and the general level of economic acuty, presenting tel
predictaniy.

No guarantee can be gen as to the level of prepayments (n part or in ful) that the
Recelvables may experience, Earl repayment ol the Recevables in rates higher than
expertas wal cause the Issuer to mae payments of principal on the Notes carler than
expected and wil shorten the maturty of such Notes

ne Management Company shall proceed to cary out the cai Iiguidation of the Fund (the
*Eariy Liquidation of the Fund”) and, hence the ear resemptio of the whole (out not
part of the notas (the "Early Redemplion of the Notes”) In three categories of events in
accordance with the Post Enforcement Prorty of Payment as se cut in Section 3.4.7.3 0
the Adárioral Information (the "Enforcement Events”)

(8) — the occurrence of any Issuer Event of Default, described In secton 4.4.3.1 0 the
Regisraion Document and Summarzed below

(0) — the occurtence of any of the mandatory early Iiuidaion events descrita in section
4.13. of he Registration Document; or

(6) theexercse y the Seller ofany ofthe Seller's Cal Options described in section 4.4.3.3
fte Registration Document and summarzed below

ne Seller may exercise any of the Seller Cal Options, upon the occurence of ay of a
iean-Up Call vent; a Regulatory Change Event; or a Tax Change Event; and instruet the
Management Company to carry out the Eariy Liqudaton of the Fund and the Early
Redemption of tn Notes in whole (but not in part), In accordance wit section 4.4.3 of the
Registration Document

Forthe purposes the above, each o he Seliles Cal Options are defined as follows:



(2) a "ciean-Up Call Event" means any event on ich at any time, the aggregate
Outstanding Balance cf the Recsivales, fallng below 10% of the aggregate
Oststanding Balance tnereof on the Date o Incoporatian,

(0) 2 'Regulatory Change Event” means (2) any ensetment or implementation f, or
Supplement or amencment to, or change in any appicabe law, po, rl, gulelne
rregulatin o any competent international, European or national body (ncuding the
European Central Bank, the Prudentl Reguiation Authoriy (PRA”) or any other
«ompetentintemation), European or national regulatory or supervisry authority) or
the application or oficial interpretation l, or view expressed by any such competent
body with respect to, any such law, regulation, rue, poiy or guideline; or (b) 2
otfiaton by or ter Communicatón Mom an applicable reguatory or supervisary
authority 'srecelved by the Seller wit respect to the transations contempla by
the Transaction Documents; wc, In Stner case, ocre on ar atar the Date of
Incorporaton and results in, e would in th reasonable opinion o he Seller resultn,
a material adverse change ln the rate fretum on capital fte Fund and/or the Seller
or materaly ncreasng the cost or materaly reducing the beneft for the Seller the
transactns contempla by ne Transaction Documents

(6) — a*Tax Change Event” mezns any event after the Date of Incororation derived from
hanges ln relevant taxaton law and accounting provsions andjor regulation (or
fia interpretation o nat taxaton law and accounting provision and/or regulation
by autrties) asa consequence of uhich the Fund or becomes at any time required
Doy law to educ or mwiol, n respect of any payment under any he Notes, any
present or future taxes, levies or govemmental charges, regaraless other nature,
'tih ar Imposed under any applicable legal system or n any country vih competent
Jurisiton, or for the account o, any political subdwiion terco? or govemment
“agency autharied to ley taxes, tt materaly afec the alocation o benefits among
ne partes of the transaction

Upon exercise of any of the Sele's Cal Optons, the Seter shall repurchase al outstanding
Recelvable at the Repurchase Value calculated in accordance wtn Section 4.4.3 of the
Registration Document

Any of he Sales Cal Optioas can only he exercised by the Seller to the extent tha the
Repurchase Value together wit the res of Avallabie Funds considering the Post- Enforcement
Prorty of Payments contemplated in secton 3.4.7.3 of the Adional Information are
Suficient to redeem Class A Notes, the Class 5 Notes he Class C Notes, the Class 1D Notes
and the Cass E Notes in wnol at par together wit al acrued but unpad Interest then,

Consequentiy, any potential Investor in he Clas F Notes should be amare that te exerdse
any ofthe Seller's Cal Optioas may resul in the Principal Amount Outstanding af Class F
Notes not belng toaly or partial redeemed,

the notas are redeemed cari han expected dueto the exercise by the Seller of any of
the Sellers Cal Optons (such ey redemprion accuming at time unen nteest rates are
lower than interest ratos that would cthermise be applled If such ea redemprion has not
een made or made ata diferent time, Noteholders may not be able to renvest he principal
in a comparable security wit an efectve Interest rat equivalent to the Interest rate on Ene
Notes. Notenolders wi bear alreivestment rs resulting from eary redemption of the Notes
aries tran expected,

Mo assurance ls provided that, upon the occurence af a Ciean-Up Call Event, a Regulatary
Change Event or a Tax Change Event entting the Seller to exercise any of the Sellers Cal
Options, the Seller wil exercse the right o instruct the Management Company to carry out
tne Ei Uquicaton of the Funa aná the Early Redemption of te Notes.



in adóiion to the above, the Issue defaults in e payment o any interest due and payable
In respect of the Most Senior Class of Notes (unless, here the Clas F Notes s the Most
Senior Cee of Notes) and zuen default continues fora penod af st least us (5) Business
Days the Management Company vil declare the occurence of an lauer Event of Default (an
*tesuer Event of Default”). Uniss Noteholders representing a last seventy-five (75) per
cent. of ne Principal Amount Outstanding o the Most Senior Class of Notes have Instrueted
the Management Company in wing nat to carry out tne Eaiy Lquidaton of the Fund ln
“accordance wit te procedure set fort in section 4.1.3.1 o he Regitraton Document, the
Management Company shall canry out

(8) — tre ay Uquisaton of Fund in accordance vit secton 4.4.3.1 of tne Registration
Dacument mutats mutandis and

(8) — the Eary Redemption of the Notes, in accordance wth the Post-Enforcement Priorty
of Payments set fort in section 3.4.7.3 of the Additional Information.

Vere the Noteholdere representin at least seventy-ve (75) per cent of te Principal
Amount Outstanding af the Most Senlor Class of Notes have instructad the Management
Company in writing not to cary out the Eaiy Lquidaio of the Funs, but the ssuer Event of
Default ls continuing, the Notenoldersreprezentng at least seventy-fve (75) percent the
Principal Amount Ouistanding o the Most Senior Class of Notes may subsequenty instru
Ene Management Company o cary ou the Esry Liquidation of the Fund at any time.

Any potential Investor ln the Notes should be amare that

(8) the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default may result ln the Principal Amount
únastanding of he Notes, not being redeemes in ful; and

(0) all Clases of Notes (ncluding Class F Note) ae subject to the decision taken by tne
Most Senior Class of Notas at any moment añer the occurence of an Isuer Event of
Defaute wi regard to the Early Liquidaton o the Fund aná te Ear Redemption of
the Note, s indicated above,

(6) Ciaes Notes snalnot e considered the Most Senor Class of Notes in ny case or
ese purposes.

License, 1 the Notes are redeemed carter than expected due to the exerdse by the
Management Company of the early recemption of such Notes (such eaiy redempion
úceuring ata me when interest rates re lower than interest rates that would otherwise be.
apple such earyredemption ad not been made or made ata diferent time), Notencdera
"may not be abeto reee the prncpal in comparable secunty wth an efectne interest
rate equivalent to the interest rate on te Notes. Noteholders wi bear al reinuestment risk
resulting from redempion the Notes earter than expected

SK REATING O BENCHMARKS ANO TE INTEREST RATE SWAP AGREEMENT

The Interest payable on the Notes and the payments to be made in respec of th Interest
Rate Swap Agreement are determined by reference to Euro Interbank Offeres Rate
EURIBOR”) the caculaton and determination of wn ssubject from 1 January 2018 10
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 o the European Parlament and ofthe Council of 3 June 2016
on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contras eto mesure
the pertormance af investment funds (as amended from time to time, ne “Benchmark
Regulation”) published in the Oficial Joumal of the EU on 29 June 2016, Which entres into
force on 30 June 2016 aná ls apple from 1 January 2018.

Tne Benchmark Regulation apple to "contrbutors”, "admiisratos" aná “users of”
benchmarks ln the Eu, and, among other things, () requires benchmark administrator o e



auihorsed (o, If non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regulatory regime) and to
omply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration o "benchmaris” and (1)
Ban Ine use ol benchmarks ol unsutnorzad administrator.

Separate, the moring group on suro risk ree-rtes for the curo ares publ a et of
ultima príncipes and ign-evel recommendations for falback provisens in amongst aer
things, new euro denominated cash products (ncluing asset-backed securties)referencig,
EURISOR. The guidhg peinciples indicate, among others, that continuing to reference
EURIBOR n relevant catrats (tout robust fl ack provision) may Increase the meto
the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the workng group on euro rise rates
fest publhec te recommendations on EURIBOR fal-ack trigger event and fal back rates
Investors should be aware that the market ls contulng to develop such stematie reference
rates aná further changes or recommendations may be introduced.

úAltough EURIBOR has ben reformed in order to comply with the terms af the Benchmark
Regulation, ts not posible to asceraln as at the date o ns Prospectus how such changes.
may Impact the determination of EURIBOR for the purposes of the Notes ana the Interest
Rate Swap Agreement, whether Ns il resul in an increase or decrease In EURIBOR rates
or whether such changes wi have an adverse Impact on te Iquidty or the mariet value of

úngalng intenatonal and/or national reform inative and he increased regulaory scrutiny
+ Benchmarks general could increase te cots and risks of adminsteg or othenise
participating in tn setong of 3 benchmark and compljing with any applcale regulations or
requirements. Such actors may discourage market participants from continuing to administer
ar comu to benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologes used in respect
at benchmarks, and/or lead to the disappearance o benchmarks,

As provided in setion 4.8. of he Securities Note, changes in the manner of administration
of EURIBOR coulá result in the Dase rate on the Notes Changing from EURISOR to an
Altematve Base Rate under certaln crcumstances (broaly related to EURIBOR dysfunction
or elscontinuation). NS Atemative Base Rate, subjee to certain conditions being sai
vil be implemented In substiution of EURIBOR or the then curent Reference Rate, as the
en Reference Rate applicable of the Notes, unles tnatNotenciersrepresenting t leas 10
percent fthe Principal Amount Outstanding ot Most Senor Class o Notes d not consent
to the Base Rate Modificaton. If such Crcumslance anses, then the proposed Base Rate
Mocification wi not be implemented ana thereore, the Reference Rate appicable to the
Notes vil be equal to the last Reference Rate avale on th relevant applicable creen ate
pursuant to paragraph () of section 4..5 the Secuntis Notes

Any ofthe above changes coló have a materlal adverse efec on the value and retum on
Ene Nates and sral apply to the Interes Rate Swap Agreement for the purpose o agring,
the base rate cf the Interest Rate Swap Agreement to the Reference Rate of the Notes
falling these changes unless the Swap Counterparry decides not to accet the Alternative
Base Rate, aná the Fund or the Swap Counterpary decides to ear terminate the Interest
Rate Snap Agreement as a consequence o a Base Rate Modifican In accordance with the
Interest Rate Sua Agreement, 2s provided in paragraph (0) af section 2.4.8.1 (Eady
Temmination) of the Adótiona Information,

For further information on the potential consequences arising from an eany termination of
the Interest Rate Suap Agreement, please refer to Ask Factor 1.1.4 (Interest Rate RISE)

the Suap Counterparry decides not to accept the Altenatve Base Rate and nether the
Fund nor the Suap Coutepay decides to ear teminate the imereet Rate Snap
Agreement based an the adaionalterminaton event descea in paragrapn (1) of section
3.81 (sar Terminatin) o te Adeional Information, the Reference Rate applicable to



the Notes shall be diferent to the floating rate applicable under the Interest Rate Suap
Agreement, aná taking into consideaton nat the Fund may in certain crcumstances depena
Upon payments made by the Swap Counterpary n order to have Sufhiient Avalable Funos
to make payments o nteest on the Notes, the AValble Funds may be Insuficient ans the
Noteholers may experience delays and/or reductons in the payments f interest due to

the Swap Counterparty decides to accept the Base Rate Mociiation the Fund may agree
to pay certein amount to the Suap Counterparey as a consequence of a change in te marc
to-market vale of he Interest Rate Suap Agreement ora change in the amount due to the
Sap Counerparty, which shall ank in priorty to payments ue on the Notes.

Prospectve Noteholdes should consult eir own Independent advisers and make their oun
assessment about the potental risks Imposed by the Benchmark Regulation refoms ln
making any nvestment decision vih respect to any Notes referencing a "benchmar.

ne above-mentionea procedure to change the EURIBOR as se fort in section 4.3.5 of the
Securities Note does not apply to the Interest accrued on the Start-Up Expenses Loan
Agreement as set forthin section 3.4.4.1 of the Additional Information.

Investors that are subject o prudental requirements shall consider the last amendments
(from December 2017) to the regulatory capital framenork published in 2010 by the Basel
Cometas on Banking Supenision (he “Basel XIX Framework”) and, mor specifcaly, to
the securtisatin framenork rom 11 December 2014 (as revises In Juiy 2016). Among,
ers, Basel 1H Framenork includes a reuirementto apply a 5o-called "output for"

Accord to such amendments to the Basel 111 Framenork, or securtisation positions the
requires ik welghtng s the higher o (1) sk welghes calclates using intenal-modelca
approaches for which the bank has superdsory approval and (1) 72.5% of the output of rsk
waights clelated in accordance with (a) the extemal ating-based approach (SEC-ERSA),
(6) te standardsed approach (SEC-SA) or (c) risk meght of 1250%, On 27 March 2020, a
number of measures were endorsed. Among Such measures, the implementation date of the
reses market risk framework was deferea by one year to 1 January 2023, bases on a
phaseaun artangement running from 1 January 2023 up to and Incluiag 1 January 2028,
ne output floor may Increase Capital requirements f those Investors that are subject to
prudentilrequirement and therefore reduce expectes return on the Notes. Consequenti,
Prospectve Investre should consult tner own aduisers 2s to the consequences ol the
implementation n their own Jusactions of the above.

Related to the Issuer's nature, financial situation or activity

lt the Management Company is declred insolvente ts sutnorisaton to operate as 2
management company of Secutatio funds srevoked, notwiistanding wit the efect of
Such Insolvency as described under section 3.7.2.3 the Additional Information hall find
2 substitute management company.

AE four months have elapsed from the occurence of the event trigering the substiution af
the Management Company and no new management company has been found wlling to take
ver management of he Fund and has been aporte, the Fund hal be Iquidated ad the
Notes may be subject to say redemption In accordance wi section 4.43,2 af the
Registration Document



Te Funs (devold o legal personalty) shall on bea liablty to ts obigaions wit it ssets
"Notenolders and other credtors cf the Fund shall have no recourse whatsosver against
Borrowers who have defauited on thel payment bligatons under ne Loans, or against the
Seller. Any such rghi shall wit the Management Company, representing the Funa.

"Notenoders ana al other credtrs o the Fund shall have no recourse whatecever against
the Management Company cine than in case o reach by the Management Company e ts
blgatoos Or falure to Comply with the provsions af ts Prospectus, the Deed of
Incorporain, the res of Transaction Documents, an the applicable lau and regulation,
"nose actions shal be resolves in he relevant orinary decaratory proceedings depending
on the amount ciimes.

ln particular, Notenoirs (ana al other creditors of he Fund) shall nave no recourse
whatsoever against the Fund or against he Management Company in the following seenaris:

(8) — in ene event of payment default of amounts due by the Fun resuling from tne
xitence of Recelvable default or prepayment

(0) - breach by the Solier or the counerparties o nel obligations under the corresponding
Transacuon Documents entered into by the Management Company for and on benat
ttne Fund; or

(6) shontal ofthe creci entiancementsto cover payment of the Notes,

Artie 2110) of EU Secutsation Regulation provides that transacton documentation shall
include dear provsions that acitate the timely resolution of conficts between diferent
Caeses ot Investor

Wwhist he Deed of Incoporaion does no contemplate Notehoders having voting rights or
tne abit o cal credtors” meetings in the terms of arte 37 of Law S/2015 af 27 Apr om
the Promotion o Enterprise Funding (Ley 5/2015, de 27 de abr, de fomento dela nanciación
empresanal) (as amendes from Eme 1o Eme, "Law 5/2015") pursuant to arce 26.1.)
Ene Management Company, as legal representative o th Fund, legaly required to protect
tne intere ote Notenolders and her credtrs of tve Fund ae f handling ts aun interests,
carng forte levels of llgence, reporting and detence of the interests f ne former and
avolding suatio Invoving confics of interest, and giving prioty to the Interests of the
"Netenolders and the ctner creator af tne Fund over own and o ensure that tne Funa ls
operates in accordance with the provisions the Deea of Incorporaton. Under Law 5/2015
and general principles of Sparish Law, In case of conct benucen diferent clases of
Netenolera, ne Management Company, Were appropriate, wil decide on the relevant issue
to ensure timaly rezcution of such confict The Management Company ls nat responsi or
any of the Funds labltie, but in accordance with article 26.2 of Law 5/2015, the
Management Company sha be hable to the Noteholders and other credtors of the Fund for
Al losses caused to hem by a breach of ( is duties an (4) the provisions of the Deed of
Incorgorain, the res of tne Transacton Documents and the applicable laws and regulations
(nose dutesÍncuding, among otners, exerciing and eforcing al o igts and remecies of
ne Fund under the Transaction Document to wnch the Fund le party). vil be able or
the penales applicable thereto ursuant to the provisions f Law 5/2015.

Under arte 26 of Law 5/2015 the Management Company shall act with maximum due.
dligence ana transparency in the defene of the Interests cf the Notehoiers aná te omher
ereóors. Pursuant to ate 2,1.) of Law 5/2015 the Management Company has in place
procedural and organisatonal measures to prevent potential conf of Interests ensuring a
tmey resolution of any conti of interest that may ase taking ino account nature and



potential consequences. Under Spanish Law, the Management Company would generay be.
Feguiad to gue preference to the holders of the more senor Class of Notes.

Related to legal and regulatory risks.
FE SECURITISATION REGULATION SIMPLE TRANSPARENT ANO STANDARDISE SECURITISATION

ne transaction envisaged under ts Prospectus ls intended to qually as a simple,
transparent aná standaraied securtisaton (STS)-secutisaion within the meaning of article
18 of the EU Securtisaion Regulation. Consequenty, the Seller wi submi, a or about the
Date of Incoporation (and in any case wn fiteen (15) calendar days from tre Date cf
Incorporation), a STS notification to ESMA (te “STS Notficaton”), pursuant o which
compliance wi tnerequiremente o articles 19 to 22 o the EU Securtiaton Regulation sal
be notified to ESMA In oder to request that the seculisaion transaction described ln ts
Prospectus ls included in the relevant ESMA register witin the meaning o arce 27(5) o
the EU Securtisation Regulation The Management Company sha nouy e Bank of Spain
(as competent sutnorty) of the supmission of such mandatary STS Notifcaton from the
Seler to ESMA, and atzching such notification

For these purposes, the Seller has appolnted PRIME COLATERUISEO SECURITIES (PCS) EU SAS.
CPES", as a verficaion agent autnorised under ante 28 of the EU Secuntisation
Regulaton, in connection wi an assesement of the complance wit tn requirements of
arcos 10 to 22 o tre EU Securtisarion Regulation (the "STS Verification”). Is important
to note tna te involvement ot PCS as an autheises veriaton agent s not mandatary aná
the responsiblty for complance wth the EU Securtisaton Reguition remains win the
relevant nsrutional Investors, orginators and Isuers, as applicable In each case. The STS
Verification wil nat absolve such entes from making their cun assessment wit respecto
the EU Securlisaion Regulation, and the STS Venfiation cannot e rela on to determine
complánce wii the foregoig regulation in the absence of such assessment by the relevant

Te SIS venfcaon mal be avalatle ne foo

Eitos://pesmarK octransactios/santandec-oosuma-4/

No assurance can e provide tna the secuntiation transaction describes in is Prospectus
vil recae the STS Verfiaton by PES (etner before issuance or at any tme tereater),
and lftne secuntisationtransacton described In ns Prospectus does not receive the SIS,
Veriicañon, ts shall not, under any crcumstances, afec te Niablty ol the Orgintor and.
Ene Fund in respect of tner legal blgatons under the EV Securtsation Regulation, nor hall
le aflce the oDlgatios imposed on Insttutianal Investors as et cut In ati of the EU
Securtsation Regulaton.

"None cf the lsuer, tre Reporting Ey, the Arrange or the Joint Lead Managers make any
representan or accept any iablty for (1 he inclusion of the securtsation transaction In
Ene ESMA Register of STS notfcatios it adminisered by ESMA win the meaning for the
purposes of ace 27 of the EU Securtisation Regulation r (1) the securtaton transaction
ES qualiy as an STS-securizaton under he EU Securtiaton Regulation at any pol In ime.

"Non-complince with the status of an STS-Securtisacon may result in higher capital
requirements for Investors, as well s in vanous adminisrate sanctions and/or remedial
measures being imposed on the Fund ar the Seller, Any of such administatve sanciona
and/or remedial measures may afec th ablty of the Fund o fl E payment blgaions
Under the Notes.

"None of the Seller (as orginator) or the Fund (as SSPE) under the UK Securtisation
Framenork ls aciwely seeing to comply with the requirements of the UK Securisation
Frameuork. UR Investors shoula De aware of this and shoulg note that er reguitory



postion may be affected, he transaction ll not be a UK STS transaction and wi therefore
ot be noted t the UK Financial Conduct Autharty for tnat purpose.



(Anne 9 of the Prospectus Delegated Reguation)

Persons responsible for the Information contained in the Registration Document.

Fr. suan Carlos Berzal Vaero, acting in is capaci of General Manager of Sayranoca 0€
TITULACIÓN, S.G.F., S.A, win business aédess at Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 9-11, 28027
Macná (Span), assumes responsiblty for the Information contain In tNS Registration

"er Juan Canos Berzal Valero acts In is capacty of General Manager of te Management
Company aná exercises the powers that were express, conferred to him or th Incorporation
fte Fund by the board of diectrs o the Management Company at ts meetings held on

SAUTANOER DE TITLZACIÓN, S.G.E.T, S.A. she promoter of the Fund and wil be in charge
fs legal administration and representaton and the management and administration the
assets pool it

Statement granted by those respons

e. zuan Carlos Berzal Valero deiares that, to the est of Ns knowiecge, the information
contained in ts Registration Document IS in accordance wkh he facts and does not om.
anything Ikely t att ls import

Statement or report attibuted to a person as an expert included in the
Registration Document

No statement or report sincluged in is Registration Document.

Information provided by a third party

No Information sourcd from atra party 1 includes n vs Registration Document
Competent authority approval

(8) This Prospectus (ncluding tnis Registrarion Document) has been approved by the
ENIIV as the Span competent authorty under the Prospectus Regulation.

(0) — The cu has only approved this Prospectus (including this Registration Document)
as mestng tre standards of completaness, comprehensisilty and consistency Imposed
by the Prospectus Reguation

(6) The abovementioned approva should not be considered as an endorsement the Fund
ase characteristics ae described in is Prospectus


Name and address of the Fund's auditors
AuortoRs

n accordance wa the provision af section 4.4.2 of tis Registration Document, he Fund!
does not have any historical financia Information.

ne board of directos of the Management Company, at Is meetings held on 17 March 2025,
aPPOÍNLEA PRICEWATEOUSECOOPERS AVONTORES, S.L, as auSIors of the Fund for an Inia
penod fee (3) years (12, 2025, 2026 and 2027). The detal ol PRIcEMATERIUSECOOPES
AuoroRes, S.L are Included in seton 3.1.9. the Securts Note

“Tnrougrour the duration of the Fund, the annual financial statements il be subject to sud
by he augiors on an annual bass.

“ne Management Company vol inform the CNMV aná the Rating Agencies of any change that
might take place in the future as regards the agpolniment ol the autors ol the Fund ln
accordance vit the procedure se ou n section 2.3 o the Addiional Information.

ACCOUNTING STAN0AROS.

"ne Fund's income and expenses ui be reportes in accordance with the accounting principles
in force pursuant to CNMV Circular 2/2016 af 20 April on accounting standards, annual
accounts, publ accounts and cofidetl statistical information Statements o secutisation
funds, as amendes ("Circular 2/2016") o wit the regulation applicable at any gen time,

“ne financial year of he Fund wil coincide with the calendar year, strtg on 1 January and
ending on 31 December. However, a an exceptlon, the fest financial year bl start on the
Date of Incorporation and vá end on 31 December 2025, and the last fnandal year of the
Funa wl end on the date on wen the Fund e scneduled to expre.

Tnroughout the duration of he transacton, the Fund' annual fnanca statements wil be
subject verfiation and annual uc y lts aucior. The annual report o the Fund (ncuaing,
the annual accounts (balance sheet, prof os account, cash ow aná recognsed income.
and expense statements, amual report and management feport) and audt report, set out
in article 35 of Law 5/2015 wi fed wi CNV min four (4) monte fliouing the losing
date ofthe inancil year of the Fund (Le, prior to 30 Ario each year)

“ne Funds annual financia statements (Incuing the annual accounts (balance sheet, prof
Klose account, caen faw and recognised income and expense statements, annual sept and
management feport), and the coresponding audios" report wl not be fea with the
Commercial Registry (Registro Mercantil.

"ne ik factors specifcto the Fund are those described in Section of he document inclu
the beginning ot Prospects, caleó "RISK FACTORS”.

Statement that the Tesuer has been established as a securitisation fund

"ne suer s a seurtisation fund, with no leal personalty, Incorporated in accordance wit
Chapter 1 o he Law 5/2015 for th purposes o


(8)  acquieng the Recelvables assignea by the Ser; aná
(0) sun the Notes.
The net equty of the Fund wil be made up of open-end revolving assets and closed-end
"able. lts assets shal compre the Initial Recemables to be acquired on the Date of
Incorporation aná the Adólional Recevables which may be acquired on each Payment Date
ig the Resvolving Peris
Legal and commercial name of the Fund and its Lega! Entity Identifier (LEZ)
The Fund wil be Incorporated under the name cf FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN SANTANDER.
CONSUMO 8 in accordance wth Spanis laws ana, in order to Identity the falowing names
may als be used, ut dstinton:

SANDER CONSUMO ET.

“ne 1ssuer' LEI Code s 529900MNYVABNOFZIKOS aná the ssuers Spanish tax senfication

Place of registration of the 1ssuer and its registration number.

“ne Incorperaton of tre Fund aná the Issuance of the Notes must De registeres wi Ene
fica regsters f CNY ln Spain

“ni Prospectus has been registered it he oficial rgisere of CNMV on 20 May 2035.
Pursuantto the exemptonforeseen In arce 22.5 0 Law 5/2015, the Management Company
has electa noto register the incoporaton of the Fund or the Isuance of the Notes tn the

Commercial Registry (Registro Mercantil.

Date of Incorpor
period ls indefinite

¡Jon and the length of life of the issuer, except where the

Dare or InconvoRArIoN

lt ls expected hat the execution of the publ deed (escritura pública) recording the
Incorporaton of the Fund and the Issue o th Notes (the “Deed of Incorporation”) and,
nus te date of ncorporaton of he Fund wil take place on 22 May 2023 (he "Date of
Incorporation”). The Dees of Incorporaton wil be crated in Spas.

"ne Deed of Incorporation of the Fund may be amended in accordance vih th provsins of
arce 24 of Law 5/2015, Le: he Management Company ha the consent of al Hotenoders
and other creatrs(exclueing non-fnancal credtor) the Fund. However, ese consent
Vil not be necessary in the opinion the CAY, Ene proposed amendmente are cf minor
relevance, which the Management Company wil be responsible for documenting and
evicenci


nte CNMV veritas tne compliance of the legal requirements for the amendment of he Decd
af Incorporation, the Management Company wil execute the relevant publc_deed of
amendment (escritura pública de novación) and fie an authorised copy wth Cuy for
registration in ts ofial register. Any amendmen to the Dees of Incorporan wll be
communicate by the Management Company to the Rating Agencies and published by the
Management Company in accordance with the provisions set fot in section 4 of the
Adátional Information.

"ne Dees of Incorporaton f the Fund may aso be amended at the request of CNMV.

"The Management Company represents that (the content of the Deed of Incorporatin will
ot contradi hat of the Prospectus and (1) the Dees of Incorporan wi coincide with the
rar public dees (esertura pública) that has been Submitted to CMV in connection vith the
registration ts Prospectus

tl expectes trat the Fund uns fc he Date of Incorporaion nt the Legal Maturty Date
af the Fund, Le, 21 January 2040, (Subject to the Modifea Following Business Day
Convento)

FERRY LoquIDarIon Or Puno,

ne Management Company shall proceed to cary out the cai Iguidaion of the Fund (the
*Eariy Liquidation of the Fund”) and, hence, the cry resemptio of the whole (out not
part of the notas (the "Early Redemplion of the Notes”) In three categories of events in
accordance with the Post Enforcement Prorty of Payments as set out ln section 3.4.7.3 of
the Adárioral Information (the "Enforcement Events”)

(8) — the occurence of any Issuer Event o Defaut, described In section 4.4.3.1 below;

(0) the occurtene of any of the mandatory eri Iquidation events descrta in section
4:42 below; or

(6)  theexercseny the Seller ofany ofthe Seller's Cal Options described in section 4.4.3.3
below.

osuer Event of Default

on any Payment Date, he Isuer deauls in the payment of any interest due and payable
in respec of tne Most Senior Class of Notes (unes, unerethe Class F Notas are the Most
entr Cass of Notes) and sucn default continues for perod of at least ive (5) Business
Days, the Management Company wll declare the ocurrence of an Issuer Event o eau.

Following tre decaraion by the Management Company of the occurence af an Issue Event
af Default unless Noteholders representing at least seventyfive (75) per cent. of the
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Mos Senior Cass of Notes a such me have Instructed
tre Management Company in wing nat to carry out the Eatiy Lquidaton of the Fund in
accordance vit the procedure et fort below) the Management Company Shal carry ut:

(8) — the Early Lquidation o he Fund in accordance with section 4.4.5 of th Registration
Document mutats mutandis aná

(0) — the Eary Redemption of the Notes, in accordance wth the Post Enforcement Priorty

dl Payments set fort in section 2.4.7.3 af the Adslonal Information in the Payment
Date folowing the occurence o an Event of Default


Therefore, upon the occurence of an Issuer Event of Defaul, the Management Company, on
behalf o the Fund, shal take the foluing acins

(8) The Management Company shall promptiy not all Noteholers in wrting of the
ccuence of an Issuer Event of Defaul, by publsting the appropete Insider
information (nformación privegiada) or other relevant information (tra información
Frlevante) with CNV.

(0) — vita try (30) Business Days from the date of notfation to the Notehciders
through ne CNMV, Noteholersrepresenting at least seventy-e (75) per cent of the
Pracipal Amount Outstanding of the Most Senior Class of Notes may deter a wrteen
notice to the Management Company (orto the aying Agent in accordance wn the
Gurren practice of any applicable leaing system tvough nic such Most Senor
¡las of Notes may be helé) nstructng the Management Company noto cary ut an
Fary Liguldaton f the Fund. Once the deadline le completas.

(0 1 Motenoldersrepresentng at lest seventy-Fe (75) per cent of tne Princial
Amount Outstanding of the Most Senlor Class af Notes have drected the
Management Company (or the Pajing Agent, a Set fort above) In wing not
o Camry ut the Eary Liguldation of the Fund, the Management Company wi
ot carry out such Eary Liquidation of the Fund

(UD 13) no Instructions have been recelved from the Noteholders of the Most
Senor Class of Notas or (y) Noteholées drecing the Management Company
(or the Paying Agen, as set forth above) In wing not to camy out the Early
Liquidaion the Fund do nat represent at least seventy-ve (75) per cent of
the Prcipal Amount Outstanding of the Most Senior Class cf Notes, the
Management Company wil cary cut te Eary Liquiation of the Fund, in
accordance with the procedure set fort in sections 4.4.3.2 and 4.4.5 ot the
Registration Document below, mutats mutandís.

The decision ofthe Neteholdrs representing at east ten seventy-e per cent (759)
fte Principal Amount Outstanding ofthe Most Senior Class of tes il ina holders
tte Notes as wel as other relevant creditos, even they have not approved such

(6) Orce the deadine set fort in paragraph (b) above ¡s completed, the Management
«Company shall promptiy notty al Noteholders in ring of the Instructions receved
tom the Motaholders representig at least ten Seventy-ve per cent (759%) of the
Pracipal Amount Outstanding of the Most Senior Clas of Notes (any) y publishing
the appropriate insder inormation (nformación prilegiada) or Gtner relevant
information (otra información relevante) wn CNV.

Where at least Notehoiders representing seventy-tue (75) per cent. of the Princpal Amount
Outstanding o the Most Senior Class f Notes ave instructes the Management Compay in
vrteng not to cary out the Early Liquidation o the Funa but the Issues Buent of Default s
continuing at least Noteholders represeting seventy-we (75) per cent. af the Pncipal
“Amount Outstanding of the Mst Senior Clas of Notes may subsequenti instruct the
FHanagement Company to cary out the Esry iuigation of the Fund at any time.

Any wrsten instruction delivered to the Management Company (o the Payng Agent, as set
fort before) by the Notenoiers n accordance wit he oregoing must be accompanied by
evisence (rezsonabiy saisfatory to the Management Company or the Paying Agent) of the
wnerahi of te relevant amount of Notes by ne relevant Notenoidera

iy lquidation of ne Fu


“ne Management Company shall carry out the Ea Liqiestion of he Fund and, tnus, the
Fany Recemption of the Notes in ale (but not par) at any time In any of the fol,

(8) 1 as stated in ate 33 of Law 5/2015, four (4) months have elapsed since the
ccurrence of an Event giving rise to the mandstory replacement of the Management
Fompany due o a delaraton o Insolency tnereot, or

(0) inn event otrevocaton o tre autorizan of the Management Company.

An eter case, without a new management company having been found thats prepared to
take over management of the Fund ana that Is appolted pursuant to section 3.7.2 of the
Adational Information.

An order or the Management Company to carry out the EaiyLiquidation of the Funa, aná
therefore, the Early Redemption of the Notes, the Management Company shall ell the
Recevables avd any remaining asets of the Funá In accordance wit th proviins below:

Pre-emptive ig of tne Seller to acquire te Recetvables

Ugon the cccurrence af any of the events indicated in paragraphs (2) and (9) above, the
Seller wil have the right, but not the obligaron, to repurchase the outstanding Recenables
at the time of Early Liquidatio of the Fund ata price equal to the Repurchase Value

'Repurchase Value" means at any time () ln respect of any Recelvable oter than a
Defaulted Recelvabl, Par Value, ad (1) n respect ola Defauted Recelvable, Par Vale less
any Sellers provisonsallcated wi respect touch Recelvable matching Is book value on
Ene Selrs balance sheet at such Eme.

“Par Value" means at any time the Outstanding Balance o he Recelvables together wth al
cerued bu Unpaid Interes tereon at such Eme,

order for the Ser to exercise ti night, the Management Company shal noti n wing,
to tne Seller nat the Early Lquidatio o tve Fano wal e carned cut mmediately and in any
case witin try (30) Business Days rom the ccurrence of any o the events indicate in
paragraohs (a) and (9) above.

Upon recevng such noícatin, the Seller wil have a peñod of we (5) Business Days from
ne date on wn receive such notfation to communtste e decision to repurchase or
ot the Recewatlee at the Repurchase Value.

11 tre Seller confims ts decision to repurchase the Recelvables, the transfer af the
Recevabls to the Seller must be complete witinfteen (15) Business DayS rom the date
on which the Seller communicates such decision

Fortne avcidance of doubt, under no crcumstances we Sellers pre-emptiv right imply
an oblatian or undertaling to repurchase any of ne Recelvables in the above event

Sale of the Recetvable to tica partes
An case the Seller decides not to exercises pre-empve rin to repurchase the Recelables
in accordance wit the provisicas of the preceding section, the Management Company hall
request legally binding bid from at lease two (2) enies st ts sole ascrrion among those
cv in th purchase and sale of similar asets

ne Management Company may obtain any appraisalrepor It deems necessary from tra
party entes in order to assess the value of he Recelvales


“ne Management Company sha set fort the terms aná conditns of the Didsing process
(rcuding, witnaut imita, the Information to be provided to the bidders an desde to
Submit this) ln the manner lt onsiders bes to maximiSe the value of he Recelvables.

"ne nignest bi recved from te entes reerrs to above sal e acceptes by Management
Company aná wi determine the value o he Recevabls. 1 no relevant fr srecelved from
any tir parties, then the Recetvables shall remain as scsets of tne Fund, without prejudce
to the possialty o e Management Company to stat a new bidding process fr he sale o
tne Recewabls.

Any amount recelved from the Seller or a tra party n connection with the above il be
reótes to the Cash Flow Account and shall form part of ne Avalale Funds to be applied in
accordance wit the Post-Enforcement Port of Payments set out ln section 3.4.7.3 of the
datan Information.

Common provisons

“ne purenase price paid Dy the Seller or the tir party wil e credited to the Casn Flow
Account ana shal form part cf ne Avallte Funds to De applied in accordance su e Post
Enforcement print of Payments se cut in secton 3.4.7.3 of the Additional Information.

For the above purposes, he payment obigatios under th Notes on the Eaiy Redemption
Bate snal be equal to the Prinopal Amount Outstanding of the Notes on nat ate plus the
accrued and unpald interest to that date. Such amountz she be deemed due and payable
(quid, vencido y exigible) to al lega effect on the Eary Ligldaton Date.

“ne Management Company shal be ente to sel the Recelvables even 1tne holders of any
fine Classes of Notes suter alos

The above procedure does not ente the automatic Iiquidation of the underying Recewables
foctne purposes of artice 21.4 of the EU Securtation Regulation.

Notice of the Aquidation of the Fund wil be provided to the CNY by publishing the
appropriate Insider information (nformación pavlegada) o other relevant information (otra
“nformación relevante) and thereaer to the Notenalgers and the Rating Agenc in the
manner established in section 4.2.3 the Adáitonal Information, a least net (30) Business
Days in advance to th date on uni he Nates are to be redeemec (tre "Early Liquidation
Date”)

Early Iquidation of the Fund at the Sellers Intiative

ne Seller wi have the option (but not the obligan) at ts own discreio to instruet the
"Management Company to cary out an Eariy Uquidatio f the Fund aná an Eariy Redemption
fte notes In ale (but not in part) aná hence repurchase al outstanding Recelvables
“any of tn following evente occur (the "Seller's Call Options", £30h of them a "Seller Call
Option”)

(8) ta Cieamup Call Event occus (tne rignt of the Ser to repurchase at ts own
dlscretion al oststanding Recelvables and henceInstruc the Management Company
to cany out the Eary Lquidaon of the Fund and the Ea Recemptin af the Nates
in wnole but not In par) when a Clean-Up Call Event occur, tre "Clean-up Call
Option")

(0) — tt Regulatory Change Event occurs (the right to repurchase the Recelvables under
these crcumstances, the "Regulatory Change Call Option”); aná

(6) tra Tax Change Event occus (th sint to repurchase the Recelables under these
«rcumstances, the "Tax Change Call Option')


"ne Ciean-Up Call Option, the Regulatory Change Call Option and the Tax Change Cal Option
can any be exercsed by tne Seller to the extent that the Repurcnase Value together with tn
Fest of Avalable Funds ae suffcient to redeem the Class A Notes, the Class 8 Notes, the
Class C Mates, the Clase D Notes and the Class E Notes in whole at par together mt 2
accrued but Unpaid Interest tnereon taking Into account the Post-Enforcement Prorty of
Payments contemplated In section 3.1.7.3 o he Additional Information.

“nerefore, the exercise of any of the Ser Cal Options may resul int Princpal Amount
Outstanding olas E Notes not being totaly or pataly receemes

For these purposes Ciean-U Call Event, Tax Change Event, and, Regultory Change Event
are defed in secon 1.2.4 of the Rsk Factor

ts understocd that the decaration of a Reguatory Change Event wil no be prevented by
the facttnat, prior to the Date of Incorporaton:

(8) — the event constutig any such Regulaory Change Event was:

(0 amounced or contained in any proposal (whether in draft or final fom) for a
change in the laws, regulains, applicable regulatoy rules, palces or
guidelines (including any accore, Standard, or recommendation of the Basel
Committee on Banking Superviio), a oficial iterreted, implemented or
apallea by the European Central Bank, the PRA or the European Union; 0.

(iD Incorporated in amy law or reguation approved and/or published but tne
effectiveness or application of uh is deeres, in ole or n part, Deyond the
Date of Incorporaton, provided at tne applcaton af the EU Securtieation
Regulaton and the appicable legisiaion shall not consttute a Reguiatory
Change Event, but vtout prejudieto the blty o a Regulatoy Change Event
o occur as a result of any Implementing regulations, polis or guielnes in
respect thereof announced or publshes atar the Date af Incorporatin; or

(o expressed in any statement by an oficial of the competent athorty in expere
meetings or other dscuscions n commection witn such Regulatory Change Event
(bu vitout receto an oficial interpretation or other oficial communication)

(0) — the competent authorty issued any notifcaton, tok any decision or expressed any
view wit respect to any Individual transaction, other than ts transaction,

Accordingy, Such proposals statements, notícains or views are nt taken ito account
hen assessig the rate of return on capital of the Fund and/or Seller or an Increase of the
cost or eguction e benefits to he See af the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents immeditay after the Date of Incorporation

n order for the Ser to exercise any of the Sellers Call Options the Seler and the
Management Company, 3s appicable,shal take tn folowing actons

(8) The Seler shall caculate the Repurchase Value to be paid in consideration f the
repurchased Recelvables

(0) The Seler shall provide writen notice to ne Jesuer and the Rating Agencies of ls
intention to exercise the relevant Sellers Cal Option at least foty (40) Business Days
prior to the EaryLiquication Date; and.

(6) te Management Company shal ten Inform the Noteholders by publsing tn
appropriate Insider Information (Información privilegiada) o other relevant information
(otra nformación relevante) vitn CNMV (tne "Early Liquidation Notice”) at east
tity (30) Business Days in advance of the Early Liqidation Date


The above procedure does not ente the automatic Iquidation of the underying Receiables
foctne purposes of artice 21.4 of the EU Securtsation Regulation.

Cancellation o the Fund sral take isc
(8) — upon ful repayment of the Recewvables pooled theren;
(0) upon ful repayment of alte obligatios of the Fund towards 1 creditos

(6) upon compltin o the process of Ei Liquidatio of te Fund estabshed in sections
414.2. 44.2.2 and 4.42. above foloning any Enforcement Event;

(4) — upon reaching the Legal Maura Date

(6) — the provisional crei ratings of the Rated Notes are not confirmed as final by the
Rating Agences on or prior to the Disbursement Date (and, in amy case, pio ta the
esfecte disbursement of the Notas), unless such provisional ratinge are upgraded; or

(Ot ie Management, Placement an Subscription Agreement ls ful terminated in
accordance with the provision of section 4.2.3 of the Secuntie Note

ne crcumstances described in sub-paragraphs (e) and (f) above would imply tnat no
isbursement of the Notes would take place on he Disbursement Date.

Upon the occurrence of any of the events described above, he Management Company shall
intorm the CNMV ana the Rating Agencia, in the manner provide for n section 42.3 the
Adaitonal Information an hal nie the relevant formales for the cancelítion 6 the
Funa,

An those scenarlos descbed in paragraph (3) to (8) o section 4.44 of the Registration
Document, the Management Company, on behalf he Fund, shaltak the following tons:

(a) Cancel orterminste the Transaction Documents Ent are not necessary or the Iquisation
fine Fund.

(0) Apaly alte amounts obtained from the disposal e the Recetvabes aná any other asset
fine Fune, ll any, taras payment of tn vercus obigatons, n ne form, amount and
order at priorty establned in he Post Enforcement Port of Payments descrised in
Section 2.4.7.3 cf the Adotnal Information,

(o

Carry out the Eat Redempton af the Notes oran amount equal to the Pinal Amount
utstanding of the Notes on the Eary Liquidaton Date other than in ase of any of the
Sellers Call Option, in whica case the Repurchase Value together wih the rest of
Avaliable Funds must be suficiet to redeem the Púncpal Amount Outstanding of the
Class A Notes, the Class 8 Notes, the Clas C Notes, the Class Notes and the Class E
Notes), plus accrued and unpald interes from the last Payment Dates to the Early
Liquiéation Date less any tax Winholding and fee cf any expenses for the Noteholder,
alli accoréanes wth the Post Enforcement Prior of Payments as set out in section
3.4.7. of ne Adetional Information. AN such amounts wl, for al legal purposes, be
eemed lqld, due ana payable (quid, vencido y exgiie) on the Early iquiation


(8) Once tne Fund has been iqidated and al scheculs payments have been made pursuant
to the Post-Enforcement Prorty of Payments contempated in secton 3.4.7.3 of the
Adaiional Information, 1 there ¡S any remainder (ncludag any Judicial or ota
Proceedings pending stiement as a resul o payment default by any Borrower) (al in
Fccordance wit the provsans af secton 2.7.1 of the Additional Information), such
remainder (including the contnuation and/or proceeds from such proceecings)wilbe for
the benefco! the Seller as Financia Intermedition Marin

n any case, the Management Company, acting on behalf of the Fund, shall nt cancel
tne Fano untl ehas iquidates the Recetvabls and any other remaining Fund ascets and
dstbutes the Fund' assat, folowng the Post-Enforcement Priorty of Payments
provided for ln section 3.4.7.3 of te Asálionl Information

(o

wit sx (6) months from the Iiquidaion o he Recelvables and any other remaining
assets af the Fund and the distribution of the Avallable Funde, and always prior to the
Legal Maturty Date, the Management Company vil execute a deed (acta) before a notary
public deciamng: () the Cancellation cf the Fund as well as the grounde for sucn
temmination, (1) the procedure followed for notying he Noteholders an the CNY, and
() tn terms ot the distribution of tne Post Enforcement Avalable Funds folowing the
Post Enforcement Priority of Payments provided for In section 3.4.7.3 of he Additional
Information. In acdlicn, the Management Company, on behalf of Ine Fund, ll comply
with any Such further admunistratwe steps as may be applcale at that time. The
Management Company vall submit such deed (acta) o the CV.

Upon the accurrence of any of the canclition events described in paragraph (e) and () of
section 4.4.4 the Registration Document, the Management Company, on half fte Fund,
<halltake tn folowing actions

(8) — Terminate the Incorporation o he Fund and the issue one notes

(0) — Terminate ie azsignment o tre Recelvable (or the efectuation of a repurchass cf
the Recelable).

(c)  Terminate or cancel the Transaction Documents executed by the Management
Company on bento the Fund, excet for the Start-Up Expenses Loan Agreement,
ut of which the Incorporaton and Issue expenses Incured by he Fund shal be pala

(6) — Reportthe canceiaion immediately o the CNMV, he Rating Agencias and the affected
counterpartes of te Fund.

(e) — ittin one (1) month from the cancion ofhe Fund, execute before a notary publ
A desa (acta) declaig the cancelan of the Fund and Ene grounds tnrefore, that
Shal be subred to the CNMV, IBERCLEAR, ALAF and the Rating Agencies.

in asdion, upon the accurence of the cancellaion events descrised in paragraph (8) and
(0 ot section 4.4.4 of the Registration Document, () the oblgation the Fund to pay the
price for the acqusiton af the Recewatles wil be extnguined, and (1) the Management
Company wi be obiged to reímburse the Seller as regards to any Ighs tnst may have.
Acerued to te Fund due to the assigament of the Receleble,


Domicile and legal personality of the Issuer; legistation applicable to lts

operation
Dome or mue Foro

"ne Funa has no business address as Is devid ofegalpersonalty. The acéress of the Fund
for al purposes will De considered to be at of the Management Company, vih 1 the
falowing

Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 9-1,

24027 Madri, Spain

Funds LEI: 529000MNIVASNORZIK9S

Spanish tax identification number: v21881388

ne webste of the Management Company su santanderdetulzacio.com.

According to article 21 of Law 5/2015, the Fund wil constitute separate set of assets and
"able, lackng legal status, wi open-end assets and closed-ená lblites, and the
Management Company wi! be responsible for the Incorporaton, management na legal
representan of the Fund, and ins capacity as manager of a hird par ransactins,
vil represent and defend the Interests ofthe Noteholders and the cer credtors the Fund.

"The Funa will oy be lable for Ks obligationsvi--v5 ts crediors with ts asses. Te Fund
is not subject to the Royal Legiatie Decres 1/2020, of May 5, appeoving the recast of the
Spanish Insolvency Law, as curretiy worded (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo,
por el que se aprueba eltexto refundido de la Ley Concursal as amenced from time to me,
and in paricular, but not lmited to, by the law 16/2022 of 5 September 2022 for the
transpositon e the Diretve (Eu) 2019/1023 ofre European Parlament and o the Council,
the "Spanish Insolvency Law”)

"ne Fund wi! have no Independent and separate compartments
APLICABLE LEGISLAION ANO COUNIRY OFINCOAPORANION

“ne Funa vil e Incorporates ana tn Notes issued in accordance wi the laws of Spain, aná
«pecticaly in accordance win the legal als set fort ln

(8) — Law5/2015 aná is Implementing provisins;

(0) Lane /2023 af 7 Mare on Securtes Markets and Investment Services (Ley 6/2023,
¿e 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y delos Semicos de Inversión (as
“menced from time to time, the "Securities Market Act);

(6) Royal Decree 814/2023 8 November on financial Instruments, admision to tradi,
registration of secutis and market nrasrucures (Real Decreto 813/2023, de 8 de
noviembre, sobre Instrumentos financeros, admisión a negociación, registro de
Valores negociables e infraestructuras de mercado) (as amendes from time to me,
the "Royal Decree 814/2023"); anó

(4) — ciherlegal and reguiatory proviioa n force and applicable from time o Eme.


ln addition, the requirements set cut in the EU Securiisaton Regulston shall apply o Ene
Fund aná the Notes

Tnis Prospectus has been prepared in accordance wth the prospectus Regulation, the
Delegated Regulaton (EU) 2019/979 ana folowng the forms estblsned in the Prospectus
Delegated Regulation

“ne taxregime applicable to the securiaion funds ls contained in articles 7.1.0), 131 and
16 of Law 27/2014 of 27 November of Corporate Income Tax (Ley 27/2014, de 27 de
noviembre, del Impuesto sobre Sociedades) (Law 27/2014"); aces $, 9 and 61.4) of
Royal Decres 634/2015, of 10 Juy (Real Decreto 634/2015, de 10 de julio, por el que se
aprueba el Reglamento del Impuesto sobre Sociedades) (“CIF Regulation"); arce
20.0ne.18 of Lan 37/1992, on Value Addes Tax, of December 28 (Lo) 37/1992, de 28 de
alciembra, del Impuesto sobre el Valor Añado) (he "VAT Act") modited by Law 28/2014,
of November 27 ana arce 45.1.)15 ang 45.1.5)20. of the Revised Text o the Law am
Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty approvea by Royal Legisiatve Decre 1/1993, 024 September
(te "Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty Act); general regulations regarding tax management
and Inspection courses of action ana procedures and developing the common rules of tax
Application procedures, passed by Royal Decree 1065/2007, o 27 July (Reglamento General
dle las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e Inspección trbutai y de desarro de
las normas comunes de ls procedimientos de plcaión de os tbutos, aprobado por el Real
Decreto 1065/2007, de 27 de jul) ("General Tax Regulations") ad, n particular, aries
142, 42 avd 44; Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on regulation, supervision and solvency af credit:
insttatons (Ley 10/2014, de 26 e juio, de ordenación, Supemiión y Solvencia de entidades
dle crédio) (Law 10/2014") and in paca, the First Adáltonal provision f such Law,
ne reerrd regulation essentialy denes the following fundamental principes

(8) — The Funa is exempt from the concept of “Capital Duty" (Operaciones Socetaias)
(arte 45.18.20. of the Transter Tax and Stamp Duty Ac)

(0) — The incorporan and winding up of the Fund are elthr not subject or exempt from
allthe modales of Transter Tax aná Stamp Duty Tax (Transmisiones Patrimoniales
'Onerosas y Actos Juridicas Documentados).

(6) According to artie 7.1.) of Law 27/2014, the Fund s a taxpayer of the Corporate
Income Tex. The Funa is subject to the general provisions the Corporate Income
Tax. The amount subject to this tax Is calulated in accordance with the provsions of
Section 1V of Law 27/2014. The general ate in force is uenty-we per cent (25%).

(8) — in ens regaró, rule 13 af Circular 2/2016 set forth the crtea tough which
securtisaton funds must cary out the pertalning value adjustments resulting from.
¿rops in the value of the financia assets, article 13.1 0 Law 27/2014 state tal, the
reguation of the Corporate Income Tax (the “CIF Regulation”), vil over the
ú«rcumstances determining the deductity o value adjustments made on account of
focsee in the value ol debe secunles valued at amortised cor and ndoded in
mortgage- backed securiie funds ana asset-backed securts funds

(e) — Notwastandig, upon the amendment nreducea by Royal Decres 683/2017 June 30,
in ace 9 of tn CIT Regulation, the 7tn Transtry provision has been Incorporated
According to LS Transtory provision, to the extent the woraing of the Crelar2/2016
is not amended in respect of the impalrment of th value of debt securtes valued at
“morte cost includes in the securtisaion funde referred to in Law 5/2015, th tax
“eductlty o said impalrment provisons wi be determined according to the wording
farc 9 ofthe CIT Regulation as draftes on December 51, 2015.


(0 Pursuantto anti 16 OfLaw 27/2014, the Imitation to the tax deductlty of financia!
expenses shall apply to the Fund Intax years beginng from January 1, 2024 onvard,
According to tne amendment introduced in article 16.6 of Law 27/2014 by the FIA
Final provision of Law 13/2023, of 24 May.

(0) — According to article 61.k) of the CIT Regulain, income from mortgage participating
nit, loans and ter Receivables trat constitute revenue ems for the securtizaton
unas ae not subjec to wiholding tax.

(1) The Funa wil be subject to VAT in accordance with the general VAT rule, The
management serdces provided to the Fund by the Management Company wi e
exempt from VAT, puesuant to the provisons of arte 20.008. 18) of he VAT Aa

() The issuance, subscription, transfer, redemption aná repayment of the Notes,
epencing on whether the Investors 2 coporaion for the purposes of Value Added
ax, vil be "not Subject” or "exempt, according to esch case, from Value Added Tax
(article 20.1.18 of the VAT Act) and Transer Tax/Stamp Duty (ari 45.1.8.15 af the
*ranster Tax and Stamp Duty Ac)

0) The input VAT bone by the Fund sal not be decuctble for VAT purposes but tney
shall be treated as 2 deductbl expensas for CIT purposes. The assigament of the
Recelvabls to the Fund is a trancacton that ls subject to but exempt rom VAT in
accordance with the provision of arce 20.008.180 e) ofthe VAT Act

(6) The arsgament of the Recetvables to the Fund s a transactin Ent s not subject to
Transfer Tax. Likeuis, le woula not be subject to Stamp Duty as long as the
requrements foreseen ln artice 312 of the Transfer and Stamp Duty Act are not
tres

(0 The ttanagement Company, in the name and on behalf the Fund, must comply wit
reporung cbIgations, amongst cthers, with those set cut ín the First Additional
Brovision a Law 10/2014. The procedure for complyng wit sal reporting obligations
is developes by actes 42, 43 and 44 of the General Tax Regulations.

EU SEcURIIsanIoN RecuLarion

On 12 December 2087, the European Parlament adopted the EU Securtsation Reguistion
vin has applied from 1 January 2019. The EU Securtisation Regulation creates a general
tramenrk with a single se of common rules for European "institutional Investors”, “oiginal
lenders” and "SSPE> (as defined in the EU Secuntieaton Reguiaton) as regards () due
¿ligence, (1) risk retenton, (1) transparency, and (v) underurting ettera for loans to e.
compises in secuntisaton pois. The EU Secuiisaton Regulston also creates 3 European
Framencrk for STS-securtizatone.

Pue dlgence

"ne EU Securtisation Regulation mposes certain due-áigence requirements on”Instrutional
Investors other than the "ofignato”, “Sponsor” r “orina lender” (25 defines In the EU
Securisation Regulation) aimed a alowg tnem to propery assess the risks ais from
eecuntiatins. Partculry, esch such Investor and potentl investor n the Notes hal
comply wi the due-dligence requirements estable by arte 5 of the EU Securisation
Regulaton (ie "EU Due Diligence Requirements”)

“ne EU Due Dligence Requirements Inle duties Ent apply both prior to purchasing ana.
holding any Notes as wal as after purchasing and while holding them,

Fisk retention


ne Originator vil undertke in the Dees of Incorporaion to retin, on an ongoing bass, a
material net economic Interest of at least (five) per cent of he nominal value of each o
Ene securtied exposures In accordance win arce S3)(2) ot the EU Securteaton
Regulaon, as supplemented by arte 4(c) o the Delegated Regulation 2023/2175.

Presse reero secton 2.4.3 of the Agdtionl Information for furer etats.

ransparenoy

Pursuant o the obligaions set cut In arte 7(2) of the EU Securtisaton Regulation, the
originator and the securisaton special purpose entiy (SSPE) of a securtsation Shall
designate amongst themselves one entity to Submit te Information set ut in points (2), (5)
(8), (e), (0 aná (9) ot article 7(1) to a registered securtisatn repostory of tne EU
Securisation Regulation. The disclosure requirements t aid 7 f the EU Securtsaion
Regulation apply in respect of the Notes. Pursuant to aid 22.5 of the EU Securtisation
Regulaon, the Originator shall e responside for complence with Artie 7 aná has been
designates as (1) tre "Reporting Entity" for the purposes of arice 7.2 af the EU
Secuiisaion Regulation, and as fst contact pol for Investors and competent authorities
parsuant to the tud subparagraoh of Artie 27(1) of the EU Secuntiation Regulation.

Please refer o secton 4.2.1 (8) of he Additional Information for further detal

ne securtiation transaction described in ti Prospectus Is intended to qual as a simple,
transparent aná stndaraisedsecurtiation (STS secuiisation) uitin the mearing of article
18 of the EU Securtisation Regulation. Cansequenty, on or about the Date of Incorporatian
(ana in any case witun teen (15) calendar days from the Date of Incoporaton), ne Seller
as oiginator mil submit the STS Noifcation to ESMA In accordance wit arce 27 of the EU
Securtisaion Regulation, pursuan to wen compliance wth the requirements a ares 19
to 22 of the EU Securtsation Regulation shal be notified to the ESMA register of STS
notifications inorder to request tat the secuntiation transaction describe In ts Prospectus
le includes in the ESMA register of STS natfictions for the purposes of arce 27(5) al the
EU Secuntiation Regulation.

ne Seller, as originator, has used the senices of PCS, as a thid-parey verfing STS
compliance n connection th the STS Verfiaton determine to assess the complance wn
Ene requirements f aries 19 to 22 0 tne EU Securtsation Regulatin (as further desees
and qualíed in section 1.2 of he AsdltioalInformatan).

Prease eferto sectons 1.10 1. of the Aduional Information for further dels. Please see
also risk factor 22.1. (EU Secuntisation Regulation: imple,transparent and Standardsed
ecurtiaton)

tion of the amount of the Issuers authorised and issued capital

Nor applicable.

Brief description of the Iesuer's principal activities

"ne Issue sa securtistion fund and, as such, ts main actvty ls

(8) to acquie a number of Recevables granted by the Seller o alreaay existing cents
(it vehavicur score) of tne Seller nh are Indiviuals resident in Spain at the Eme

af execution of the relevant Loan agreement (the "Borrowers”) for consumer
financia, Wwthout lmtation, debtor's expendiures (IncluingSmal!_ consumer


expenalures and other non-óefned expendtures), the purchase o consumer gocés.
in ts broadest sense (ncluing fisting home working construction) and the purchase
ot gaode (ncluding the acaulzton e new and used vehicle or services) (De “Loans"),
assigned by the Soler the Fund; and

(0) to Issue asset-backed notes (the "Notes”) tha subscription proceeds af which wi
finance:

(0 wthrespectto th proceeds of the issue ofthe Class Notes, the Class Notes,
the Clase € Notes, the Clase D Notes an the Clas E Notes, the acquiston ol
the Inti Recetvables; and

(iD wen respectto the proceeds of the lus of ne Class Notes, tn setup of the
Reserve Fund up to an amount equal to the Inia Reserve Fund.

“ne amounts colectas under the Loans from which th Recetvabls ars, both for interest
(ordnary aná defeu) and principal, together with any other amounts related to the Loans
(as described in section 2.3.2 f the Acalional Information) are alcated quartedy, on 2ach
Payment Date, to () the payment ol nterest and regsyment ol principal the Note ana (1)
the acquston of Addnional Recelvables during the Revolving Peris, In acordance with the
Pre-Enforcement Prioty of Payments set forih in Section 34.72 ot the Additional
information.

An adalton, the Funa, represented by the Management Company, wi enter nto a number of
financial trensactons and the provision of Services in order to Strengthen the financial
structure of he Fund, to Increase te security and regulaty of the payment of the Notes, to
cover the temporary mismatches in the schedule for flow f principal and interest on the
Recelvables and on the Notes or, ín general, o enable the financial transformation ich
takes place inte Fund between the financial characters of the Loan and the Notes.

n adóiion, in order to ensure the proper operation of the Fund and performance of ts
úblgatioos inte terms and condition set out in the applicable las from time o time, Ene
Management Company, on behalf o the Fund, wi enter nto the Transacton Documents and
the transactons deserbed in hi Prospects in accorance with the Deed of Incorporation
and al applicable legal proviione

Transaction Documents” means te following documents: ()Deea af Incorporaton othe
Fund; (4) the Master Sale ana Purchase Agreement; (1) e Management, Pacement and
Subscription Agreement (e) the Str-Up Expenses Loan Agreement; (v) the Reinvestment
Agreement; (4) the Paying Agent Agreement; (vi) the Interest Rate Sap Agreement; and
(Gli) any ctner documente executed from Eme to me añer Ene Date ef Incorgoraion ln
omnecton with the Fund aná desgnated as such by the relevant parts

ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES
Lega! Person of the Management Company

Pursuant to the provisics of Law 5/2015, securtisaion funds are nt separate legal entities,
and securtisaion fund management companies are ensusted wen the Incorporan,
management ad legal representaion o these funde, a wel th representaton and defence
fine Interests oftneholersofne secu ssued on tn basis of funds they administer
ana of tne creara there,

By vinue of the foregoig, this secton presents information regarding SANTANDER DE

TITUUZACIÓN, S.GFT, SA. In As capacity as Management Company Incorporating,
acminitering and representing the Fund,


SITANDER E TITUZACIÓN, SOCIEDAD GESTORA 0E

Corporate name: FONOOS De TeULIZACIÓN, S.A

Business addres uan Ignacio Luca de Tena 9-1, 28027 Madrid
Tax Identification Number (NIF) A-804B1A19
Es code DBASOOSASSPSDIADOFS,

CORPORATION AND REGISTRATION IN HE COMMERCIAL REGISTRY, AS WELL AS DATA RELATIN TO

ShurANoER DS Truización, S.G.£.T, S.A. vas organises by means of publi dee (escritura
Pública) grantea on 21 December 1992, before the Notary of Madrió, Mr Franosco Mata
Palarés va number 1,310 ofNS publ recoras, vih the pror autnorsaticn the Ministry
Economy and Treasury provided on 1 December 1892.

lts registered with the Commercal Registry of Madri at volume 4789, sheet 75, page M-
78658, entry 1. Its lso registered In the Special Registry of the CNMV, under number 1.

An adaltin, the Management Company, amongst others:

(8) — amenced ts byiaws by resolution o ts board of drectors adopted on 15 June 1998,
notarse in a publi deed (esctua pública) granted on 20 Jul 1998 before the Notary
of Madri, Mr Roberto Parejo Gami, with number 3,070 of is publ records, in oder
to acapt to tne requirements establened for Ascet Securtiation Fund Management
"omparis by Royal Decree 926/1998. TN amendment was approved by the Ministry
of Economy and Treasury on 16 July 1998, pursuant to the provions af the Single
SranstoryProviton at aforementoned Royal Decree 926/1990,

(0) changed lis registered name to “SANTANOSA DE TTULZACIÓN, SOCIEOAD GESTORA OE
Fonoos os TiruLización, S.A.” y vrtue of publ deed escritura pública) granted on
8 March 2004 before the Notary of Macri Mr José Maria Mateos Salgado wth number
(22 of Ns public records. Its registered wit the Commercial Regisry of Macri at
volume 4789, sheet 93, page M-78658, entry 30,

(6) amended lt bpiaws to assume the management and representaron o Banking Assts
Funde by means of public deed (escritura pública) granted on 20 December 2013
before the Notary of Madrid, Mr. Jose ara Mateos Salgado wi number 4,789 o is
publ rcorás

(4) — amensed lts byiaws on 23 June 2016 pursuant to a capta Increase of ts share capital
up to one millon ana fity euros (€ 1,000,050) authoised by ls shareholders general
meeting, compling with the new requirements of ace 2.1.0) of Law 5/2015; and

(6) cñanges ts business adress to the curent one by vitue of public ess (escrtura
Pública) granted on 7 March 2019 before the Notary o Macri, Mr. José María Mateos
Ssigado min number 823 e his publ records.

ne duration of the Management Company ls Indeiie, n he absence of grounds for the
szoluion treo? under law or Rs Dylaws.


AE DESCIIPTION OF THE NANAGEMENT COMPANYS PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
As required by law, arce 2 ofthe Management Companys bylaws states that

“te company shall have as ls exclusive purpose the organisation, management and legal
repcesentatn of () Martgage Securisaton Funds upon the terms of arte 6 of Law
19/1992, o 7 Jul, an tne Rules for Real Estat Investment Companies and Funds and on
Mortgage Secuntsaion Funds; (1) Asset Secuntaton Funds, in accordance with the
rovisins of ace 12, point 1, of Royal Decree 926/1998 of 14 May, regulaing Asset
Securtsaton Funds and Securtsation Fund Management Companies; and (4) Banlng
sets funds (FAS) in accordance wit the tecms of Chapter IV of Royal Decree 1559/2012
of 15 November setting te legal framework tr Asset Management Companies. Asa manager
fini party businesses, Its responslbl or the representaion and defence of the Intecests
of tne holders of tne secuntes lssued based on the funde (t adminisers and the otr
Unsecuredcreltrs s wellas the performance of to the other duties veses in Secuitation
Fund management companies by the aus applicable to secuiisalon funds and banking
saeta

On April 2, 2014, the executive commite of the CNMV approves the amencment of arce
2 the bylaws of the Management Company for the purpose af ratiing ts autnorsaion to
únderake the management and representation of Banking Assets Funds, as cumenty
estabshed by such arce. Ts amendmient to the bylawS was approved by the sharenoiders
at sharenolers" general meeting o 13 December 2013 and raised to tre status of publi
document by means of publi deed (escritura pública) granted on 20 December 2013 etore
the Notary of Madrid, Mr, José María Mateos Salgado wlth number 4,789 0 his publi ecoras,
"ne snarenoiders resluton vas fleg witn the Coresponding Commercial Registry, and
registration was canes ut by the corresponding Registrar on 2 June 2014 at volume 4,789,
page 116, section 8, sheet M-78658, entry 58,

The total assets managed by the Management Company as of 30 AprI 2025 areas folows:

(Remainder of page ef intentional blant).


Er SortonderCono - Regne Cocer o Ao ascos









5is vor
Tne anual nancial statements of he Management Company, for the years ended 31
December 2024 and 31 December 2023 have been audied by PRICEMATEROUSECOOIEAS
AUOIORES,S.. registered in tre Offcal Registry of Audtors (Registro ON de Autres de
Cuentas) Under number 50242 and domicled in Madri, aseo de la Catalana 259 8, and
have been ed with CNMV and the Commercial Registry (Registro Mercantí). Those annual
statements do not contaln qualficons (savedades)

Tne share captl of the Management Company Ss ONE MILLION AND FIFTY EURO
(€1,000,050), represente by fíteen thousand (15,000) registered shares having a nominal


value of SIXTY-SIX EURO AND SIXTY-SEVEN CENT (€66.67) each, numberes consecutely
from one (1) to teen thousand (15,000), both inclusive, ll fly Subscnibed and pai up.

Alit shares are of the same class and contr idenical política and economic ig

Tne Management Company Is an ent registered with and supervised by CNMV. The
governance and management cf the Management Company are entrusts by 4 bylaws to
the shareholders general meeting and to the board of drctor, The powers of such bodies
are those corresponding under the provisions o he Capital Companies Act and Law 5/2015,

ne board of dretors s made up of the foiowing persons

Chalrman: "tr. José Garcs Cantera
Diecirs Mr Javier Antón San Pablo.

Me. al Reyero Arregl

Mr 2026 Anton Soler Ramos.

Mes, Catala Meja Garcia

"ts. Maria José Olmedila González.

ez Cetina Álvarez Alvarez

"Mr Francisco Javier Cortadeas Martinez
Secretary: Ms. Maria José Olmedila González.

Seneral Management

“ne General Manager f tre Management Company s Mr, Juan CalosBerzal Valero,

“ne persons listed in is section are not direct or Indret holders of any shares, debentures
ar cther secuies gving the holder thereo the right to acquie shares of the Management
Company,

The profesional address of all the persons mentioned in his section 6.1.7 ls the flloning:
Calle e Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 9-1, 2802) Madri, Span

ENTEIES PRO UICN TE MANAGEMENT COMPANY NAS BORROWED MORE TAN TEN PERCENT (109%)

ne Management Company has no received any loan or crec facity from any person or
ent


As atthe date o registration of Ns Prospectus, the Management Company s not Invlved in
any suatin o isolvency and there 1 no significant Itigation r dispute that may afec ts
Ananciaieconomie stuaton ar hereafter afect ts ablly to Cay cut the duties of
management and aóminisratio of the Fun, as established in ne Prospectus

ECONOMIC INFORMATION RELATING O TE MANAGEMENT Compay

ne Management Company keeps lt books in accordance wi the General Chart of Accounts
(an General Contable) approved by Royal Decres 1514/2007 of 16 November.

information from the aude lance shest and Income statement or inci! years 2023,
and 2024 ls provided below:

ne Management Company' total equy and share capial are sufficent to camy on ls
business as require by arce 20.1 d) of Law 5/2015.

(8) The ounersip of the shares of the Management Company ls dstrbuted among the
«companies listed below, win a statement ofthe percentage Interest n the share capital
fte Management Company belonging to each them

(0) — Description ofthe nature of such control and measures taken in order to ensure that
“uc controls not abu;

For the purposes af article 4 of tne Secuives Market Ac, the Management Company
Us pat of the Banco Sentander group (the "Santander Group”) In accordance witn
arte 42 of the Spanish Commercial code.

(6) in accordance with article 29.1.) of Law 5/2015, the Management Company adneres
to the Santander Groups general code of conduct, wNich can be revienes on ls

nana SOVSOSRNRCENCSSCIMRPDLLs ES Capoatlaccomar
A]

(4) — Te Code of Conduct in the Securities Markets, which can e reviewed on Santander
roup' mebske and on the CRMV' webst



LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION, AND PROFITS AND LOSSES

Statement regarding the commencement or operations and financial statements.
of the Tesuer prior to the date of the Registration Document

“ne Management Company decares that as at the date f registration of ts Registration
Document, the Fund has not yet been Incorporated and, therefore, has not commenced
operations, nor has drawn up any financial statements.

Historical financial information where an issuer has commenced operations and
financial statements have been prepared

Not applicable. in accordance with secons 4.4.2 and 8.1 of the Registration Document, as
at the date cf regsration of this Registration Document, the Fund has not yet been
Incorporated and, therefore, hs not drawn up any financial statements a the dae of INS
Registration Document

Historical financial information on issues of asseta
enomination per unit of at least € 100,000

packed securities having a.

Not applicable. In accordance with secons 4.4.2 and 8.1 of the Registration Document, as
ar the date cf regsraion of this Registration Document, the Fund has not yet been
Incorporated and, therefore, hs not drawn up any financial statements at the dae of NS
Registration Document

Legal and arbitration proceedings

No legal or arbtration proceedigs as of the date o ns rospectus.

Material adverse change In the Issuer's financial position

No material aoverse change in hr ssuers financia positon as of ne ste o is Prospectu,

ne fliouing documents (ora copy thereo) shall be on lsplay during the peros of vaity
fis Registration Document and/or tivoughout the le of tn Funa!

(0) tna Prospectus; ana
(0) — the Deed of Incorporan of the Fund.

A copy cf al the aforementoned documents may be consutea at the vebste of the
Management Company (ps: //wwsantanderdettulzacion.com).

A copy cf tre Prospectue wi be avalable to the publ on the webste of the CNMV
(unLenmues). Adgtvonaly, the annual and quarery financial Information requires under
Artie 35 of Law 5/2015 ll be avalable on th website of CNMV (aww, 25)

ne Desa of Incorporaton wil be avalabie to the puble for physical examination at

n accordance wit Arte 10.1 of Delegated Regulaton (EU) 2019/979, the information on
the webstes included and/or eferea to In ti Prospectus is included solely for informational
purposes, ls not part o the Prospectus and has not been examined ar approved y the CNMV,


Foo een dr to ett ad tomado ore rl

Information and reports require under the EU Securtiation Regulation and tner processes
af reporeng are describes in section 4.2.1 (6) ofthe Adaticnal Information.

(Remainder of page let intenionaly blank.


SECURITIES NOTE FOR WHOLESALE NON-EQUITY SECURITIES

(Amex 15 of the Prospectus Delegated Regulaton)

Persons responsible for the Information contained in the Securities Note

r. suan Carlos Berzal Valero, acting in is capaci of general manager of Saranoea pe
Trruzación, S.GF.7., SA, wn business adórese at: Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena 9-11, 28027
Maca (Spain), assumes responsilty for the Information contlnes in this Secutis Note
and in the Addlicnal Information. Mr. Juan Carlos Berzal Valero acts in is capacty o genera
manager of the Management Company and exerases the powers that were expressy
conferred to him for the incoporation of the Fund by tne board ot diectors af the
Management Company at 5 meeting held on 17 March 2025, SANTANDER DE IFULIZACIÓN.
S.G.F.T, S.A. ls the promoter of FONDO DE TITUAZACIÓN, SANTAADER CONSUMO 8 ana il be
responsible fo th legal management and representaton there n accordance wi article
26 of Law /2015

ln addition, Mr. Ls Ignado Oleaga Gascue, acting in the name and on behalf of Busco
SHNTANCER, S.A, WEN DuSnes address at Avenida de Cantabria, S/n, 28660 Boada del
Monte (Macrió), as Seller, assumes responsialty for the Information contained In the
Securtes Note and the Adítionl Informatan. Mr. Lus Ignacio Oleaga Gascue acts in is
spacty of attomey (apoderado) of te Seller and exercises the powers that were expresay
confered to hm by the executive commitee of the board of dretors of the Saler at ls
meeting held on 6 May 2025.

Statement granted by those responsible for the Securities Mote and the
Additional Information

lr Juan Caos Berzal Valero, inthe name and an behsif the Management Company, states
that, to tne best ot his knowledge, the Information conalnea in ts Securities Note and in
tre Adatscnal Information ein accordance wit the facts and does not om anytning Kaly
to ate het import

tr. Luis Ignacio Oleaga Gascue, acting n the name and on behalf o he Sel states that,
to the best of Ns knowledge, the information contlned in INS Secunties Note and in the
"detona! Information ln accordance wit Ene facts and does not ome anytning Ike to
afec tele import

Statement attibuted to a person as an expert

No statements are includes,

Information provided by a third party

No Information sourced from a third party ls included In the Securities Nate.
Competent authority approval

(8) This prospectus (ncluding this Securities Note) hs been approved by the CMV as
competen authority under the Prospectus Regulation


(0) Ct has onty approved ts Prospectus (including this Securites Note) as meeting
he standards or completenes, comprenensiaity and consitency imposed by the
Prospectus Regulation

(6) The abovementionea approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the
ui of the Notes that are the subjet of tisProspectus

(6) — investors should make tner own assessment as to the sutabilty of investing in Ene

Tre risk factors specific to the Recevables and the Notes are those describe In sections 1.1
and 1.2, respectwey, of tne document Included at the beginning of is Prospectus under the
Reading "RISK FACTORS".

Interest of the natural and legal persons involved in the issue

FAITANDER DE TITUIZACIÓN, S.G.F.T, S.A. (TAE ManacEMEnr ComPanY”)

Partcipates as

(8) Management Company o he Fund (n charge of the management and representation
as perartce 26.1 of Law 5/2015)

(0) — administratorof the assets pool in tne Fund pursuantto Arte 26.1) Law 5/2015
(nctuttstancin any delegstion or subcontacting of such functions to tne Sericer in
the terms foreseen in tisProspectus)

(6) Cateulaion Agent;
(4) — tnterestñate Swap Calcuation Agent;

(6)  coorainator of the relationship with the supervisory authortis and market operator;
and

(O tom the Disbursement Date (exclusive), coordnator of the relationships wth the
Rating Agendes,

n ts Prospectus, any reference to any action to be carried out by the Fund shall be
úndersood as been carried cut by the Management Company acting on behal the Funa,
as applicable

"ne Management Company shall be lable (together with he Originaor) fr the fulflment of
the dsciosure oblgation under articles 7 ana 22 of the EU Securtsation Regulation and the
applcaeleisaion, without prejuice to the appcintmentofthe Orginator as the Reporting,
Entry in charge o the fultlment f those diciosure obigatons as set fort In secan 4.21
fine AdationalInformatio.

denia Id Va 0 IEA IST
egos e A ale, Ripa De epa



BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. ("BANCO SANTANDER OR TINE SELLER)
Banco Santander partpates as
(2) - Seller or Origatar of the Recelvables to be acquired by the Fund;

(0) Seruicer af the Recelvables ín accordance WI section 3.71 of the Additional
information;

(o Arranger
(4) — Joint Lead Manager under the Management, placement and Subscription Agreement

(e) — untttheDisbursement Date (nclusie), coordinar ofthe relationships with the Rain
Agencies

(0 apro agan
(9) ne ceca Pron
(0) star Expenses Loan Provider
(0 Sra comepany; ana

U)  Subscrber of the Notes not placed among qualieó Investors by the Jomt Lead
Managers, in accordance wi tne provsions of the Management, Placement and
Subscription Agreement

Banco Santander shal assign to the Fund by means of an assignment the tle of the
únderying Recelvable, Such asignmentofthe tie o the Fund shalno be subject severe
«awback provisins in the event of the Seller's insolvency.

nt capacity as Originator, the Ser

(8) — watretan,on an or-oing bass, a material net economvi Interest ono les than five
percent (5%) the naminal value o each of tnesecurtied exposures, ln accordance
th option (2) o ati 6(3) of the EU Securtisation Regulaton, as supplemented by
arte af) orthe Delegated Regulation 2023/2175 as described in section 3.4.3 the
Additional Information

(0) — vol notchange the manner in white net economic interests nel, unless expresey
permitted by article 6(2) of tne EU Secunticaton Regulation and the applicable
legsation;

(0) val procure that any change to the manner In which such reained Interest ld in
“accordance wit paragraph (D) above vil be notified to e Management Company to
be disciosed in te Investor reporis, al In accordance with Section 3.4.3. of the
Additional information

(4) — shall be table (togeter with the Management Company) for compliance with the

disclosure obligatons under art 7 aná artes 19 to 22 of the EU Securtisation
Regulation aná the applicable leisiaio; and


(0) — has also been designatea as the Reporting Entty In charge of the fulliment o the
«isciosure obigarions as se for in section 42.1 of the Adáitnal Information and as
Fist contact pol for Investors and competent autori In accordance th arce
2H) of the Securtisaton Reguatio.

An ts capaciy as Arranger, and upon the terms set forth n arce 72.1 af Royal Decree
14/2023, receve the mandate of the Management Company in oder to dect operations
concerning the design the temporary and commerdal financial condíicns the Ius,

Banco Santander, under the Management, placement and Subscription Agreement in ts
capacity as Jon Lezd Manager, has agreed on a best-efors basis and upon the satsaction
af cenaln conditons precedent to procure subscription fo aná placement ofre Class A Notes,
ne Cass 8 Note, the Clase Mots, the Class D Mates, the Class E Notes and the Clas Y
Notes during the Subscription Period. Banco Santander expect to ecatve fess fort role 25
Arranger aná Join Lead Manager.

Fago nd CRE Scan aten! caos Eee Ao) do.

doo) Corte Is At) (6 te e A 08)
soe Ras o Le A Lg Term fat) an (por
AS 0 Sd par AS ud o
Ea entire a 2 a fe

"ne credit rating agencies ted above assgrng rating to Banco Santander are domicied in
the EU ana have been registered and authorised by ESMA as a credr rating agency in the
European Union pursuant th terms of the CRA Regulation

racREOrT Bas Gua ("UacREorr”)
UniCredk parteipates as:

(8) — JointLead Manager under the Management, Placement and Subscpion Agreement in
onnecton with the Clas A Notes, the Class Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class
Notes, tne Class E Note and the Class F Note,

An as capacity as JoÍt Lead Manager, has agreed on a bestelfors bass and upon the
satistactn of cera conditons preceden to procure subscription for and placement ol the
Class A Notes, tne Clase 6 Notes, he Clas € Notes, Ene Clas D Notes he Class E Notes and
the Class F Notes during the SubScrpton Pri. Unicresit expect to recelve fees for ls role
som Lesd Manager.

Srs [cccidon mu Decimos Patin) ogni nde e o
sa Sena



OLAS caso Lag: A. (Lg Jerm aser tg) ana 2
dem o as) Cn Gabe EN ma poi
em ear ta) e Entra e Mor ASES nl

ne cren rating agencies stes above assiging ratings to UniCredi are comicica In the EU
and have been registered and autorsed by ESMA as crei rating agency In the European
Union pursuant the terms of the CRA Regulation

BOYA SECURITIES EUROPE, S.A. ("BOYA SECURITIES”)
Bota Securtiespartcpates as

(8) — JointLead Manager under the Management, Placement and Subscpion Agreement in
onnecton with the Clas A Notes, the Class Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class
Notes, tne Class E Note and the Class F Note,

An as capacity as JoIt Lead Manager, has agreed on a bestelforis bass and upon the
satistactn of cera conditons preceden to procure subscription for and placement ol the
Class A Notes, tne Clase 5 Notes, he Cass € Notes, Ene Class D Notes he Cass E Notes and
the class F stes during the Subscription Perod. Bota Securties expets to recelo fes for
ke role as JoIt Lead Manager

ne creer raing agencies Isted above assigning ratings to BoA Securities are domiciea in
the EU ana have been registered and authorised by ESMA as a credr rating agency in the
European Union pursuant th terms of the CRA Regulation

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BAN, S.A. ("CREDIT AGRICOLE 18)

red Agricole CIS participates as:

(8) — JointLead Manager under the Management, Placement and Subscpion Agreement in
onnecton with the Clas A Notes, the Class Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class
Notes, tne Class E Note and the Class F Note,

An as capacity as JoÍt Lead Manager, has agreed on a bestelfors bass and upon the

satistactn of cera conditions precedent to procure subscrpio for and placement ol the
Glass A Notes, tne Clase 6 Notes, he Cass € Notes, Ene Class D Notes he Cass E Notes and.


the class Notes during the Subscription Pelo. Credit Agricole CIS expect to reclve fees
fort role as Jolt Lezd Manager.

Mate Compara Rep (hee y coma ds soci
Istiten [Canis de Cd) y be Cog cs tios de
Fica sr ejes

Mica Rolo) (2 ta hoy 202) a ar

"The cre rating agencies std above assigning ratings to Credit Agricole CIS are domicied inthe EU and
have been registered and authoriseó by ESMA as a credr rating agency In ne European Union pursuant
the terms of tne CRA Regulation

FITO RATINGS TAE SPAIN BANCA, SCUASAL EN ESPAÑA CIC)
Fi prtspates s cesan agency torne Rate ate, Le

(0) casa Mote

(0) casona

(0 cnt

(0) ias 0 Mates ana

(0 cannot

DORSRarnes xt, Saa rar COBRA)
"H0SRS patipates s ed rain agency fre Fate Nate, Le
(0 casa Note

(0 caso note

(0) casco

(9 ctas 0 Mates na

(6) Class E notes.


For the purposes of this transaction, any references to "HOSRS" in ts Prospects shall
inciude () or te purpose of identying the MOBRS entty which has assgnea the credí.
ai to the Rated Notes, DBRS RATINGS GMBH, Sram BRANCH and any successor tnereto
In is rating actviy, aná (1) in any otner ase, any ent that Is par of MOB

Desorre AvorToRES, S.L ("Dorm")
Delotte partcpats as

(8) — Insepenent company fo the veficaton af 3 seres of atbutes of the asegnable
portal af Loans of the Fund and the fuliment of the Elgiblty Catena, for the
purposes of compling with the provisons f Eu Securtsation Regulation; and

(0) — inadaiton, has verte the accuracy of the data islosed in the sraícatio tables
Included in section 22.22 of the Additional Information, ad the CPR tables Included
in secuon 4.10 o the Securities Note (he "Special Securitisation Report on the
Preliminary Portfolio”)

Ta octcaon ERA —BSIOE -

úPRICEATERMOUSECOOPERS AUDITORES, Su. ("PWC")
puc partiopates as:
(2) — sudor of the Funa,

Penis boss dl casara 25, Ad Co
A
gal todo ol Audios ol Mco IRDALES ib de mba

CURIRECASAS, GONCALVES PEREIRA SLP. ("CUATRECASAS”)
Cuatrecasas partpates as

(8) legal aduiser in respect of the transaction structure and the tax regime of the Funa!
estabished in section 4.5.1 one Registration Document; and

(0) ssueste legal opinion required under arce 20. 0fthe EU Securtisaton Regulation

Eta lbity profesio corona coord 1 Ss, Tol



PÉREZ-LLORCA ABOGADOS, SLP. ("PEREZ-L108CA")
Pécezclorea particpates as
(8) — as legal advisor of the Arranger and the Join Lead Managers and has reviewed the

Prospectus and the structure o he transaction for the benefit? the Arranger and te
Joint Laso Managers.

Pra COLLATERALISEO Secutames (PCS) EU SAS ("PCS")
POS has been appolnted by the Seller to:

(8) at as a verfication agent authorised under article 28 of the EU Secuntisation
Regulation, in connection with the STS Verification; and

(0) prepare an assessment of compliance of the Notes witn the relevant provisioas of
rude 243 f Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of ne European Pamlament and of the
ouncl, of 26 June 2013, an prudental requirements for cre Insituions and
investment firms and aménding Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 (as amended and
supplementes from time to tme, "CRR”) (the "CRR Assessment” and together mt
he STS Vericacon, the "PCS ASsessments”)

InnexSormorS, Inc CINTEX”)

(8) provide a cash Mow model n complance with arce 22.3 of the EW Securtisation
Regulation.

Buoomnens Finance LP ("BLOOMBERG")

Bloomberg shal:

(8) — provide a cash Mow model n complance with arce 22.3 of the EW Securtisation
Regulation.

EROPEANDATAWARENOUSE ("ED")

EDW ls a company created tl the support of the European Central Bank, founded and
¿governed by market participas. It operates as service company to respond to the nea to
providing Information to Investors in asset-backed secure,



a Ea E UTERO ANACO

EDW has been appolnted by the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, as EU
Secuiisation Repostory to sist the reporting cbligatons under articles 7 and 22 of the EU
Securisaton Regulaton

“EU Securlisation Repository" means Eutorca Darauaesnouse Guo appointed by the
Management Company, on behalf the Fund, as ESMA registered sacurtisatio repository,
ar As substiute, successor or replacement that ls registered with ESMA under the EU
Securtisaton Regulaton.

Forthe purposes f ari 4 of the Securnies Markets Act

(2) BANCOSATANOER, S.A. and SINTANCER DE TITULACIÓN, .G.:T., SA. Dat form part of
the Santander Group.

(0) — According to the Information avalabie on the EU Secuntisaton Repostory's webste,
MOSS has a 7.00% interest In the Share capital o he EU Securlisation Repostory.

(6) There ls no knowtedge of the existence of any otr relationship involvng direct or
indirect ounersnip ar control between the sforementioned legal persone that
participate In the ecurtisation transaction.

n aséltn, lt shoulá be noted that certan partes to the Transaction Documents (the
"Transaction Parties”) have engages in, aná may in he future engage In, Investment
baniing ana/or commercial banking or othér services for the Fund the ellr o is aflates
and the Management Company ln the ordinary course of business Other Transaction Partes
may also perform mulupl roles, Accordingl, comics of Interest may exist or may aise as
a resultofor in comecton wit pares having previusiy engaged or ín the future engagig
in transactons with other paris, having multiie roles or carrying out other transaction for
tir partes. Te Transaction Pares may be replacea by one or more new partes. It cannot
be excuded nat such new party couló lso have a potents confcting interes, wn might
úlimatay have a negatwe impact on the abit of the Fund to pertorm s obligas ln
respect of the Notes

particular, te Arranger and the oln Lead Managers are par f global Investment banking
and securtes and investment management frms that provide a wide range of financial
enuces to 2 substantial and dweraileo clent base that includes cororatons, fnancal
Instuons, governments and Tigh-net'wort indidual. AS Such, ey actuely make
markets ln and trade financial Instruments for thel omn account and for the accounts
customers in tn ordinary course o their business,

ne Arrenger and the JoInt Lead Managers and their aflates may play varios roles ln
relation to he offering o the Notes, and they may also become beneficia omners o any Note.

Adaiionaly, significant concentrations o holdings in espect af the Clas A Notes may occur
n parieular, vis expected tnat the Principal Amount Outstanding o he Clas A Notes val,
prompt olowig Issue, e heiá by one or more invetor, who may be Subject to diterent
Econeml terms from those se out here ln ts Prospectus

To the maximum extent permite y applicable lau, he duties of the Arranger, te Jon

Lead Managers and/or tel afiates in respect of the Notes are limited to the relevant
contractual agatons set out in the Transaction Documents ( any) o win they are 2


party and ul nor, by vitue ofthem or any of their afiltes” acting In any other capacity, be
eemed to have any other duties or responsbliies orbe deemed to be held to a standard of
care tner than as expressy provided theran. In parcular, no advsory or iducary duty 5
med to any person. None of the Arranger, te Jl Lead Managers or any of tel aflates
shall have any obigation to account to the Fund, any party to the Transaction Documents or
any Noteholder for any prota a resul of any oler business that may conduct with ener
the Funa o any other party to the Transaction Documents

Ine Arranger aná the Jomt Lead Managers may assi clens and counterpates ln
transactions related o the Notes (Including asssting cents in future purchases and sales of
the Notes and Pedging transacons). Te Arranger and the Joint Lead Managers expect to
arm fees and cier revenues from these transacons. 1 any af the Jo Lead Managers
and/or tner afites becomes 3 benefcal owner of any Note, wil exercise the nt
Associates wi such Note in ts own dscreton, which may or may not be in accordance wit
Ene best interest of other holgrs of the Notes. Each Joint Lead Manager in the course a
business may act independent of any other Jolnt Lead Manager.

Nothing ln the Transaction Documents shal prevent any party to the transaction from
rendenng services Simiar to those provided fr In the Transacton Documents to orher
persons, fms or companies or from carrying on any business similar to or in competition.
vt the business of any party o tn transaction.

Accordingy, confits af Interest may exist or may anise as a result of partes to ts
transaction: () having previous engagea or n the future engaging in transactons ul orner
parts o the transaction; (1) having mutupe roles in ti transaction; and/or (1) carring
ut ter roles or transactns or tr parts.

To the maximum extent permitted by appicable law, none of the Arrange, the Joint Lead
Managers and/or tel afflates are resrid rom enterg Into, performing or enforcing ts
rights n respect f the Transaction Documents the Notes, or the Interests described above
and may caferuise continue or take steps to further or protect any of those Interests aná ls
business even where to do So may be in confit ih the interests f Noteholrs, and in so
doing may ac in ts own commercial Interests and without notice E, and wnast regard o,
the Interests of any such person,

“The use and estimated net amount of the procesds

ne net amount of the proceeds from the Issue of the Notes is ONE BILLION FIVE HUNDREO
TWENTY-TWO MILLION FIVE HUNORED THOUSAND EUROS (£1,522,500,000), which wl ve
distabutes as follows:

(8) — the procaeds oftheIssuanc of he Cass A Note, the Clas 8 Notes, the Class C Notes,
ne Cass D Notes and the Clase E Notes wilde used by the Fund to pay the purcrasé
¿rice cf ne Intl Recelvables, aná

(0) - the procaeds oftheIssuanceofhe Class Note ul e used fund the Reserve Fund
up to an amount equal to the Intl Reserve Fund

“Total amount of the securiies being admitted to trading

ne total proceeds of the Notes Isued amounts ONE BILLION FIVE HUNDREO TWENTY-TWO
MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€1,522,500,000), represented by FIETEEN
THOUSAND TWO HUNDREO AN TWENTE-FIVE (15,225) Notes each wi nominal value of

ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€100,000), ditribued in sx (6) casses of Notes (Cass
A, Clase, Class €, Class D, Clase E and Class F),2s indicate in section 4.2 below


Description of the type and the class of the securites being offered and admitted
to trading and ISIN. Note Issue Price and Underws
Notes. Description of the type and class of the securiies

ne Notes are negotabl fed-income secures (valores negociables de renta ja) th an
explet ield and are subject to the rule established In the Securts Market Act and ls
developing regulations and ar issued pursuant to Law 5/2015,

ne Notes are redeemable Enough eary redempion or upon final maturty, and wil be
ditbutas ae follows:

(8) Class, wi 1SIN code ESO305898001, having total nominal amount ot ONE BILLION
(€21,267,500,000), made 4 of WELVE THOUSAND SIX MUNORED ANO SEVENV-FIVE
(12,575) Notes, each win a nominal value of ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS

(EL00900, regresen y mens a bolanras (De "Cn A” 0 laa A

(0) Class 8, wit 1SIN code ESOJOS898019, having a total nominal amount o FIFTY-TWO,
MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€52,500,000), made up of FIVE
HUNDREO AND TMENTY-FIVE (525) Notes, each wi a nominal value of ONE
HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€100,000), represented y means of book-entres (the
“Class 8” or "Class B Notes");

(6) class C, witn ISIN code ESO305898027, having a total nominal amount of SEXTY
MILLION EUROS (ES0,000,000), made up of SIX HUNDRED (600) Notes, each with a
nominal value of ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (E100,000), represented by
means of book-enres (the "Class C* or "Class € Notes”);

(4) Class D, with SIN code ESOSOS895035, having a total nominal amount of SIXTY-
THREE MILLION EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€53,800,000), made up of SIX
HUNDREO ANO TMIRTY-SIGHT (638) Notes, each wth 2 nominal value of ONE
HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€ 100,000), represented by means of ookentres (the
“Class D” or Clase D Notes”),

(6) class E, wit SIN code ESOSOSE98043, having total nominal amount o FIFTY-SIX
MILLION TWO HUNORED THOUSAND. EUROS (€56,200,000), made up of EVE
HUNDREO AND SIXPY-TWO (562) Notes, each with a nominal velue o ONE HUNDRED
THOUSANO EUROS (£100,000),representeo by means of boskcentres (the "Class E”
or "class E Notes”); and

(Class E, wii 1SIN code ESOSOSB9SOSO, having a total nominal amount of TMENTY-
TWO MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€22,500,000), made up of TWO
HUNDREO AND TWENTY-FIVE (225) Notes, each with a nominal value o ONE
HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€100,000), represented y mean of book-enres (the
“Class For "Class F Notes”

ne issue price of esch Class A Mot, Class Note, Class C Note, Class D Nate, Clas E Note
and Clase F Nate shal be at par, equal to ONE HUNDREO THOUSAND EUROS (€100/900.00)
per Mot, free of taxes and subscription costs for the ubscrbers

"ne expenses and taxes rising for the Notes issue shall be borne by the Fun.


ne Management Company, in the name aná on behalf of the Fund, shall enter nto a
management, placement and subscription agreement on the Date of Incorporan wit (1)
Banco Santander as Arranger, Joint Lead Manager and Seller; nd (1) Cree Agrcale C18,
Unicredi and oa Securities, 5 Join Lead Managers (the "Management, Placement and!
Subscription Agreement")

An accordance with the Management, Pacement and Subscrition Agreement

(8) — The xomt Lead Managers wil, on several, ut not Joint (mancomunada) and best-
for basis and upon the estistacton ote Condiions preceden, procure subscription
far and place the Notes (al any Clas) curing the Subsenption Period wn qualieo
Investors (for tne purposes of ace 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation);

Notathstanding the above, one or more of the Joint Lead Managers (or any ent
belonging to the group a each Joint Lead Manager, as the case may be) may subserbe
for ana purchase Notes (of any Class) duting the Subscription Period, winour the
foregcing imaling ln any may an underunteng commiement by the low Lead
Managers

The Seller mil subscribe the Notes not placed among qualíied investors by the ol:
Less Managers

"The Seller vil recete no fee in consiraton there.

Wihout prejuiceto the obligtion of Banco Santander, as Ser, se out In paragrah ()
above, no additional underuritng commitment by the JoWt Leza Managers Is agrees in the
Management, Pacement and Subscrption Agreement

“ne Joint Leo Managers may give a terminaton notice of the Management, Placement ana
Subscription Agreement to the Seler and the Management Company at any time before 12.00
p.m. CET on the Disbursement Date upon occurrence of any of th following termination

(a) Breach of obligations: any of tneconcions prececent estbsned in the Management,
Placement and Subscription Agreement have not been met unen applicable pursuant to
kt terms or any party (otr than the Jon Lead Managers) fas to petorm any o
úblgatioas under the Management placement and Subscrprion Agreement; in partcular,
in case that tne Saler elets not to, or aherwse fal to Un al cases by the end of the
relevant time li) Subscribe for and purchase any remaining Notes that the Join Lead
Managers have not procured subscription for.

0)

Force majeure: since the date of the Management, Placement and Subsepton
Agreement there has been, in the reasonable opinion of the JOInt Lead Manager, in
Consultation with the Management Company, an event that culé not be foreseen or,
uen If foreseen, ls ineutable rendering Impossibe to perform the subserption or
sbursement o the Notes or the success of the placement af the Notes pursuant to
Arce 1,105 of the Spanish lui Code (force majeue).

(6) Material adverse change: there has been, n the opinion o he Jlnt Lead Managers,
a material adverse range, and meaning any adverse change, development or event in
di) the condition (financia or otherwise), business, prospecs, resul ar operations or
general afas ot the Seller or (1) the national or ntematonal financia), polical or
economi condíions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls since the Date of
Incorgoraion which would be key to material prejuice the succees ot the oferng,
placement, subscription and/or purchase of the Notes or deling ln the Notes in the



Secondary market or which s oherwse materal n the context of the Isue of he Notes
and the perormance cf e parts under the Management, Placement and Subscription
Agreement)

“ne Subscription Perl wi! start at 9,00 a.m. CET on the Disbursement Date (Le., 28 May
2025) aná ml end on the same day at 1200 pom. CET.

The distribution of tis Prospects and the offer, sale and delvery of the Notes In certain
úJurisaetons may be restricted by law and by the Transacton Documents, in patcula, as
Provide for by the Management, Placement and Subscription Agreement. ersons Ino whose
possession is prospetus (or any part of 1) comes are required by the Fund to inform
"hemselves about, and to observe, any Such estitons. etherthi Prospectus nor any pare
f consttures an oe or may be used for the purpose aran ofer o sell ay ofthe Notes,
ra solctatian afan oferto buy any of te Notes, by anyone In any Jurisaeton or ln any
«rcumstances in wnih sue fer or solitain le nt authorized or unan,

"This prospectus Is not Inendea to provide the basis of any creator other exaluaton and
should not be considered as recommendation by th Fund, the Management Company, the
Arranger or the Jo Lead Managers that any recipient of is Prospetus should purchase
any of the Notes. Each Investor contemplating purchasing Notes Should make lts own
independent investigation o the Loan portal and of the fnancal condition aná afalr, and
ls own apprisal of the creditwortness, of he Fund.

To the fue extent permites by law, nether the Arranger nor any Joint Lead Manager
accepte any responsibty wnatscever for the contents f ni Prospectus ar for any other
Statement, made or purportes to be made by the Aranger or the Jal Lead Managers or on
tale behall, In connection with the Fund, he Seler, any other Transaction Party or e issue
and offering of the Notas. Each of the Arranger and the Joint Lead Managers according
scialms any and al lablty, whether arising in tor or contract or cthenise, which they
might othervise have n respect fis Prospectus or any Such statement

The Notes may not be offered or sol drecty or indrecty, aná netner ts prospectus nor
any other prospectus, form of application, adverisement, other ofterng materia or orher
¡ntormationrelting 9 the Fund or the Notes may be issued, strbuted or published In any
country or Jurisacton, except under cicumstances that mil secu in compliance win al
applicable aus, orders, rules and regulations

"The Notes have not been, aná wil not be, registered under the United State Securities Act
or the "bue sky" laws of any state of te U.S. or other Jurisacton ana the securits, may
at be ofered, sold or delvered tin the United States orto, or or the account or ene
at, US. persons (as defined n Regulation S under the Unted States Secunts Act) except
pursuart to an exempton from, or in 2 transaction not Subjet to, the registration
Fequirements o re United States Securities Act and applicable state or loca secure aw,
"The Notes are in dematerialsed form and are subject to U.S, tax aw requirements. The Notes
are being afered for sale outside the United States in accordance with Regulston S under
Ene United States Securities Act. Meter the Unted States Securtes and Exchange.
Commission, nor any state secure commiscion oe any Other reguatory autnorty, has
approved or disapproved the Notes or determined tati Prospectus s tru or compete.
Any representation to the contrary le criminal offece.

Nether the Arranger, nor the Joint Lead Managers, nor any of their afflates makes any
representaton to any prospective Investor or purchaser of the Notes as to whether the
transaction descbea in this Prospectus comply as a matter of act uh the US, Risk
Ketention Rules on the Date of Incorporaton or at any Eme in the future. Investor snoula


consul net own aovsers as to tre U.S. Risk Retention Rules. No preictons can De made.
sto the precise efecto ol such melters on any Investor or otherwise

VoLcuen ue

Under "the Voleker Rule”, U.S, banks, non-U.S. banks with U.S. branches or agencies,
companies that control US. banke, and their US. and non-US. afflates (colectvey, the
“Relevant anting Entes” as dee under he Volkar Rule) are pronibed rom, ner ala,
acquinng or retaining any ounersNip Interest In, or acting as sponsor ln respecta, cetain
investment entes refrred to in Ine Vokker Rule as coveres funde, except as may 0e
permiteaby an applicable exclusion or exception from ne Volker Rule, in adn, In certain
Grcumstances, te Volker Rule restricts Relevant Sanking Entes from entering Into certain
rea exposure related transactons with covered funds

Netherthe Issuer, nor the Arranger, nor any JoInt Lead Manager, nor the Management
Company has made any determination as to whether the Issuer would be a "covered funa”
tor purposes of the Volcker Rule, 1 the Issue were consdereó a "covered fund”, te price
and lui of he market for the notes may be matenal and adversely affected

"There is imitd intepretve uldance regarding the Volcker Rule, and implementation of the
regultor framenork for te Volcker Rule is sl evoving incucing rough revision of the
Valcker Rule trat became effetve on 1 October 2020. The Vokker Rule pronibion and.
lack Interprete guidance could negatively impact the Iiquiday and value othe Notes. Any
entry hats a Relevant Banking Entty” aná Is considering an Investment in the notas should
«consider the potential impact of the Voeker Rule, ncluding the recent revisions n respect cf
Such investment and on ts potollo general. Each purchaser must detemine for ell
inemher le ls 2 Relevant Banking Entiy. Nelher the ISsuer nor the Arranger nor the
Management Company nor any Join Lead Manager make any representan regarding the
ablty any purehaser to acqure or holá the Notes now or at any time ln the future

Legislation under which the securties have been created

ne Notes are Isued In accordance with the laws of Spain, and parteulad In accordance
va th legal proviic Se forth ln

(8) tan 5/2015 a mplementng proitons;
(0) tre secure Mare

(9) roya Decre 614/2023;

(0) DeegaesReguiaton 2019/97;

(0) DeegaesReguaton 2019/99; aná

(O any such other legal and reguatoryprovisions as may be in force and applicable from

ln addition, the requirements set cut in the EU Securlisaton Regulston shall apply o Ene
Fund aná the Notes

Tnis Securlies Note has been prepared in accordance wkt the Prospectus Regulation
following te Annex 15 of the prospectus Delegates Regulation

“ne Desa of Incorgorain, the Notes and the Transaction Documente shall e governed by

and consta in accordance with the laws of Spain, except for the Interest Rate Swap
Agreement which shal be governed by and constues in accordance with Irish Law.


Indication as to whether the securiies are in registered or bearer form and
whether the securitles are in cerificated or book-enty form

ne Notes will be exclusiely represented by bookcentres (anotaciones en cuenta) in
accordance ulth te provsions o Law 5/2015 and Royal Decree 814/2023. The Notes wi be
created as such by vitue of their corresponding book-entry and wll be made aut to the
bearer. The Deed of Incorporaton shal have the efecto provides for n arte 7 of the
Securities Market AG.

accordance wit arte 7 of the Securities Mare Ac, the denomination, number of unit,
hominal value and tner characteristics an conditions of the Notes represented In bookcentry
Farm ar those Includes in he Deed of Incorgoration and tisProspectus.

"The Notehciers ll be Identiled as such (for their own account or that of tiró parties) as
recorde In the bookcentry register maintained by IBERCLEAR (and ns paripant entives).
vih a registered office in Maga, at Plaza de la Leatad 1, 28014, hich has been appolnted
as the entry in charge o the book-enry reistr (entidad encargada del registro contable)
fe Notes,

For these purposes, "Noteholders" or "holders" mesns any and al! hoders af any of tne
Notes in accordance vit the applicable laws and regulations (ncluing,wthout Imation,
Royal Decree 814/2023 and the relevant regulations ? IBERCLEAR).

iearng and setiement of the Notes wil be performed in accordance with the rules of
operation that are or may Pereafter be estabished by IBERCLEAR regarding securtes
“mited to trading in the AIAF Foxeo-ncome Manet ('ALAF”) and represented y the book
entries, which may apply from time tome.

Currency of the Issue
"ne Notes vall be denominated in EUROS.

The relative senlority of the securties in the issuer's capital structure n the:
event of Insolvency, including, where applicable, information on the level of

úsubordination of the securitles and the potential Impact on the Investment in the
vent of a resolution under BRAD.

aterest payment

An accordance wth the Pre-Enforcement Prot of Payments described in section 34.7.2 of
the Addtional Information.

(8) The Class 8 notes Interest payments defered wit respect to the Class A Notes
interest payment.

(0) — The Class € Notes interest payment e n turn Geferred wi respect to the Clase A
lotes and the Class B Notes interest paymente.

(6) The Class D Notes interest payment is in tum deferred wi respect to the Clase A
Notes, tne Class 5 Notes and Class Notes interest payment

(4) — Te Class E Notes Interest payment s in tum deferre with respect to tne Clase A
Notes, tne Class B Notes th Clas C Notes and the Class Note interest payments


(6) — The Class F Notes interest payment is in tum deferrd with respect o the Class A
Notes, the Class Notes, Ehe Class Cotes, the Class 1D Notes aná the Class E Notes
Interest payments

"ne Notes vin each class wi rank pro rata and par passu among themselves at alte
ln espect of payments of interest to be made to such dass.

Principal redemption

(2) Pro-Rata RedemationPeros: according o sectlons 4.6.3 and 49.2 of he Securves
Note, the principal recemprion o the Class A Notas, the Class Notes, the Class €
Mates, tne Clase D Notes an the Class E Notes wil be on a pro-rata basis during the
Pro-Rata Recemption Period and during the Resoling Period

(0) — Sequential Redemption Period: During the Sequentil Redemption Peris, as described
in setons 4.6.3 aná 4.9.2 (specfcaly the limb on Sequenta! Redemption Period) of
the Secuntie Note te Class A Notes, the Class Notes, the Clas C Note, the Cass
Dotes and tre Cass Notes vil cease to redeem on 3 pro-rta bass and wi switch
to redemption on a sequental asis untl the Iiquidaion of the Fund. There 1 however
o assurance wnatsoever that the subordiatlon rules shall protect Notenalder from
nera oros

(6) class E resemprionregime: the Class F Notes wil be redeemed in the Class F Notes
Target Amortsaton Amount according to setón 3.4.7.2 of the Addticnal Information,

(4) — Enforcement Event: Upon he accurrnce o an Enforcement Event, the Clase A Note,
the Class 8 Notes, the Clas C Notes, the Class D Notes the Class E Notes and the
Class F Notes vil als be redeemed on  sequental basis in accordance wth section
3.4.7 of the Acaticnal information.

Special consderaton regarding nerest payments of hi Cass £ Notes anó the Class F Notes


mterest payments of the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes are places eight (81) and
tenth (10) n the pre-Enforcement rior of Payments, respectively. However

(a) Mitnrespect to the Class E Notes: upon the occurrence of a Clas E ana Class F Notes
interest Deferral Tiger, interest payments of the Class E Notes would be deterred
and therefore vould be placed twelh (127) in the Pre-Enforcement Priorty of
Payment, provided that Class E Notes 1 nt the Most Senior Class of Notes.

(0) Mitin respect io ihe Class E Notes:

(0 upon tre occurrence of a Cass E aná Class F Notes Interest Deferal Trigger,
provides trat Class F Notes Is not the Most Senior Class of Notes; or

(1) tone Required Level of the Reserve Funds equal to O,

Interest payments of he Class F Notes would be deerred and therefore woulá
be places thiteenth (13") n the Pre-Enfocement Prot of Payments.

For these purposes, “Class E and Class F Notes Interest Deferral Trigger" means a
Cumulstve Default Ratio igher tan 4.25%.

AS

a

The Principal Target Redemption Amount occupie te eleven (119) place in the pre=
Enforcement riorty o Payments.

As set fort in section 3.4.7.2 (1) of tve Additional Informaton, the Princopal Target
Resemption Amount shall e apglea to

(1) in the fist place, to pay the Acquistton Amount of the AddiionalRecelvabes,
provides tna the Ser has fferes sufcien Additional Recetvables (Complying
vt the Elgiblty Criteria) to be assignes to the Fund;

(2) in the second place, to fund the Principal Account up to 3 maximum amount
equal to five per cet (5%) of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Rates
Notes on the immediately prececng Determination Date; end

(8) in thertiró place, to redeem on a pro-rta bass the Class Notes, the Class 8
Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes and th Class E Notes.

"The Clas F Notes shal e redeemed on each Payment Date In an amount equal to the
Class F Notas Target Amortisaion Amount In accordance witn the Pre-Enforcement


Proy of Payments set fort n section 3.1.7.2 of the Adeional Information. Once
Class Notes are fully redeemed, te subordnatio o such Class will no longer apply.

Te "Revolving Period" shall start on e Dste of Incorgoraion and shall terminate
on tn earler of (1) the Revolvng Peñod End Date (ncludes), or (1) the date on mich
3 Revolvng Perica Early Terminaion Event occurs(excluges).

For ese purposes, te "Revolving Period End Date” means the Payment Date
falig eleven (12) months from of tve Dispursement Date (42. Ap 2026).

(On any Determination Date during the Revolving Peri, tne occurrence of any af tne
fallong events shal, inter sli, constitute a "Revolving Period Early Termination
Event” which shall not be Subjetto any cure once occur

(1) In case a Subordination Event occurs; or

(2) the Reserve Fund s not funded up to the Required Level of the Reserve Fund
ter paying orretling tn relevant amounts requied to be paid or retained
in priorty by the Fund on such date in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement
Priority ot Payments or

(3) the Outstanding Balance of the Non-Defaulted Recelvables on the immediate
preceding Payment Date s less than 75.00% of the aggregae Principal Amount
Outstanding of he Class A Notas, Clas 8 Notes, Class C Notes, Clas D Notes
nd Class E Notes on tn Disbursément Date; or

(4) tax regulatons are amended in such a way that the assignment of Adaltonal
Recelvabls proves to be excessivelyonerous to te Seller, or

(5) an Inslvency Event occurs In respec o the Seller; or

(6) the Seller ceasas to perlorm or ls replaced as Service one Recetvables, art
Fals to compy with any of ls obIgations established In the Desa ol
Incorporation or under tn Prospectus; or

(7) tre aus reports on the Sellers anni financial statement show qelficatons,
which in the opinion of tne CNV, coulá affect the AdalionalRecelables or

(8) If the credit granting poll set for In section 22.7 of the Additional
information s materialy modified; or

(9) tre aggregate Penal Amount Outstanding of tne Class A Notes, Class 8 Notes,
lass € Notes, Class D Notes and Cises E Notes on the immediate precedig
Payment Date ls higher than the sum of (1) the Outstanding Balance of the
Recelvables on such related Determination Date, (1) the Acquiiton Amount of
the AdltionalRecelvables acquire on such related Purchase Date; and (4) the
remaining Principal Account balance on such related Payment Date after
payment of the purchase price of the AddtionalRecawables

The “principal Target Redemption Amount" means an amount equal to the
enim at

(1) tre postie aferenca on that Determination Date immediately preceding the
relevant Payment Date between

(0 the Principal Amount Outstanding f the Clas A Notes, Cass 8 Notes,
Clas € Notas, Class D Notes and Class E Notes, minus


(1) the agregate of the Outstanding Balance cf the Non-Defaulted
Recelvables on he Determination Dat, and

(2) the avatable Funds, following the fultimant of the Pre-Enforcement prirty of
Payments untl (and including) the tentn (10%) place as provided in secton
3.1.7.2 (1) of te Adeiiona Information,

Once the Revolving Period has ended or has been terminated and in he absence of a
Subordinaton Event, to the extent there are suficint AvalableFunde,

(1) recemprionofthe Class A Notes, the Class Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class
D Notes and the Class E Notes wil be pro-tata In accordance mt the Pre-
Enforcement Prot of Payments set fort in section 3.1.7.2 of the Addiional
Information. TAS redemptizn wl be made in an amount equal to the pro-Rata
Redemption Amount

(2) tre CiaseF Notes sal redsemed on esch Payment Date in an amount equal
to the Class F notes Target Amorusation Amount in accordance wit the Pre-
Enforcement Prionty of Payments et fort in section 3.1.7.2 of the Additional
Information. Once Class F Notes are fuly redeemed, tne subordination of
uc Clase wl no longer apply.

During the pro-Rata Redemption Period, redemprion of the Class A Notes the Class Notes,
tne Clase € Notes, tne Clase D Notes and the Class E Notes halds the eleventh (21) place
ne Pre-Enforcement Prorty of Payments

Forthe purposes ot section:

*Pro-Rata Redemption Period" means the period starting on the date of terminaton f the
Retciing Penod and ending on the Payment Date immediatey foouing the occurrene of a
Subordination Event s oreseen in section 4.9.2 0 the Securities Note

ne "Pro-Rata Redemption Amount" means for each relevant Clas of Notes, an amount
equal to the Principal Target Redemption Amount multllca by the Pro-Rata Redemption
Rat o each relevant Class of Notes.

"ne "Pro-Rata Redemption Ratio" means, foreach ofthe Clas A Notes, the Clas 8 Notes,
the clas C Notes, the Class D Notes and the Class E Notes he percentage that resul from
te folowing rato

(8) — the pincipal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Cass Of Notes,

(0) — divided by the sum ofi Principal Amount Outstanding o he Ciass A Notes, the Class
E Notas, e Class C Notes, he Clas D Notes aná the Class E Notes,

and calculated for each Interest Aceral Period using the Principal Amount Outstanding before
Ene application of tnePre-Enforcement Pronty o Payment.

"Cumulative Default Ratio” means the aggregate Outstanding Balance of ne Defauted

Recelvables (attne Eme the Recelvable 1 considered as DefaltedRecelvabl) divided y En
sum ot: () Outstanding Bsiance cf the Initial Receables on the Date of Incorporaton, a


(o Outstanding Balance of the Adina! Recelvables on the date of their respecte
assigament

"Defaulted Recelvable(s)' means, at any Eme, the Recewables arisng from Loans in
respect obwnicn:() tere 1 any material credit obligan (ncuding any amount a principal,
interest o fee) uNicn excecós he Materizty Theshold ana s past due more than inety
(80) conseutie calendar days; or (1) the Server, n accordance wi the Servicng Police,
Considrs tnt te relevant Borrower ls unIilyto pay the Intalments under the Loans as
they fall ue

"Materiality Threshold" means any amount which exceeds the materia thresholás set in
accordance wit Ace 178(2)(2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended, For the
voldance of doubt, any technical past due suations Shall not be considered as defaults

“class F Notes Target Amortisation Amount' means an amount equal to the minimum
ot

(2) (0) ten per cent (10%) af the intial balance of tne CiaesF Notes pls (1) any unpaid
“mounts Under () on previous Payment Dates; an

(0) the avallable Funds, folouing the fuliment of the Pre-Entorcement Prioety of
Payments nt (and Inlucing) the thrteent (137) place,

During the Sequential Redemption Pei, redemption o he notes ll be made as foliows.

(8) — unen the occurrence of a Suborcination Event (other than a Seller's Cal Option),
resemption of the Notes wil be sequential in accordance with the pre-Enforcement
Priorty of Payments set fort in secton 2.47,2 uf the Addticnal Information;

(0) upon the occurrence of an Enforcement Event, recemprion of the Notes wil be
“equenta In accordance win the Post Enforcement Prorty of Paymente set fort in
Section 3.47.3 01 the Acdtional Information,

*sequential Redemption Period” means the period starting from (and inclucing) the
Payment Date immeciatey follomng the occurrence of  Subordinaton Event and ending
on (an including) the ealer or () the Legal Maturty Date; or (1) the Payment Date on
vnich the Class A Notes, the Clas 8 Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes and the.
Claes E Notes mil be redeemeo in fl

FEunstioning of sach ofihs Priorities of Paymenta
Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments

Upon he occurence o  Subordinaion Event other than a Seller's Cal Option), redempion
of tne Ciaes A Notes, the Cass Notes, the Clas € Notes, the Class D Notes and the Class
E tes vil e sequental n accordance wi the Pre-Enforcement riorty of Payments set
fartn in section 2.4.7.2 of the Adgitonal Information, and the Principal Target Redemption
Amount shal e applied on esc Payment Date as follows:

(8) — To receem the principal of the Class A Notes untl redeemn ln fl.

(0) — Once the Class A Notes have been redeemed in ful, to redeem the principal of the
Class Notes untlreceemned in fl.


(6) Once tne Class B Notes nave been redeemed in ful, to redeem Ene principe cf tn
Class € Notes until redeemned in fl.

(4) — Once the Class € Motes have been redeemed in ful, to redeem the penipal of the
Class D Notes untlredeemed in fal

(6) — Once the Class D Notes have been redeemed in ful, to redeem the penipal of the
ise E Notes nl redeemed in al,

"The Clas F Notes shall be redeemes on each Payment Date in an amount equal to the Cass
E Notes Target Amorisaton Amount in accordance wi the Pre-Enforcement Pron al
Payments set fot in section 3.4.7.2 0 he Adóltonal Information. Once the Class F Notes
are ful redeemed, the subordination of such Clas F wil no longer apply
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments

Upon the accurrence of an Enforcement Event redemption o the Class A Note, the Class 8
Notes, tne Cass C Notes, the Class D Notes and the Class E Notes wi be Sequentl In
accordance with the Post-Enforcement prior of Payments set forth in section 3.4.7.3 o the
datan Information;

(2) — Ciaes A Notes ponciza redemption hos the th (S*) place

(0) Class Notes principal redempton holas the seventh (79) place;

(6) Class € Notes principal redemption holás the int (99) psc

(4) — Class D Nets principal recemprion hol the eleven (139) place

(e) Class E notas principal recemption holés the tnrteenh (13%) place; and

(O Class Notes pincialredemptionholás the fiteenh (151) place.

Diretie 2014/59/86, of May 15 etablshing a framework fort recovery ana resolution o
cres instutions and investment fvms and amending Council Directe 82/891/8EC, and
Direties 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/£C, 2005/58/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/88,
2012/30/EU and 2013/36/E4, and Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 ana (EU) No 648/2012,
fte European Parlament aná of the Council ("BRRD”) des not apply o the Fund, a Issuer

fee Notes,

Description of the rights, including any limitations of these, attached to the
securitles and procedure for the exercise of said rights.

Pursuant o current legiiaion In force, the Note describe in this Secure Note do not
rete any presen and/or future poltialigts for te Investor acquiring them in relation to
the Fund or 1 Management Company. Tis Is consstent with the nature of a «fondo de
«rulzación» as a separate estat (patrmonto separado) devol o lega personalay

“ne economi ig f the Investor assccated wit he acquisition and holding of the Notes
vil be ose derting from the Interest rates, yllds and redemption prices le which the
Notes are issued as set fort in sections 4.8 and 4.9 below.

The Noteholders are subject, with respecto the payment of nterest and principal repayment
fte Notes, to te re- Enforcement Prirty of Payments r the Post-Enforcement promty o


Payments, as applicable, set forth in sections 317.2 and 34.73 of the Additional
Information, respectvey

“ne Notehoiders and tne other crsdtors of te Fund wil have no recourse against tne
Management Company, other an for nor-performance of E duties or non-complance win
the proviscns of the Dea of Incoporaton, the rest of th Transaction Documents and the
pplcae laws and regulations

n particular, the Noteholders and the other creiors o the Fund wil have no recourse
whatscever against the Fund or the Management Company based on (1) delinquency or
prepayment of the Recevables; (1) non-fulflment Dy the counterpartie to the Transaction
Bocuments entered in the name and on benalt of the Func, or (1) shortfal of Ene credit
enhancementsto over the payments o ne Notes

ne Notehciders shal have no actions against the Borrowers that have fala to comply wkth
tree payment obliations under Ene Loans. Pursuant to applicable lam, the Management
Company ls tre only attorised representative ot the Fund as regards ir partes and in
any legal procecdings (without prejuaceto any riht of representaton that may be granted
by he Management Company to third parte).

n acálton to the Seler's responsibites assumed for the information contained in the
Securtes Note and the Adaiicnal Infomaton under tz Prospecus, the Transaction
Bocaments compreheno oblgatonefor the Seller and or the other patipsting entiies to
uc Transaction Documente to which each of hem ls apar.

Exch ofheNotenolders by purchasing or subscrbing the Notes agrees th the Fund that:

(8) sums payable to each Notehoder in respect of the Fund obligatons to such
Noteholder hall be lied o the leser (1) the aggregate amount oral sums due
“and payableto such Nateholder and (1) the agregate amount the Avalble Funds,
et of any sums which are payabl to other persons in prorty o or par passo with
such Netehoider in accordance with the re-Enforcement Piar at Payments or the
Post Enforcement Prioay of Payment, as appicabl, set fort in sections 3.4.7.2 and
3/47 of the Adalcnal Information respectively

(0) — upon tquidation of the Funa foouing Anal dstubution of the Available Funds, the
Noteholders shal have no futher clem against the Funa in respect of any unpald
“mounts ana such unpaiáamounts shal be dischared ln fl

(6) none of the Management Company, the Arranger, any Joint Lead Manager and any
her Transaction Partes all be responsible for any of th Fund's able;

(4) im partcular, the Notenolders shall not have any rignt of acton aganst tne
Management Company other than by reason of non-performance ars dubes or non-
complance with the provisans of the Deed e Incorporan and the apglcabs lama
“and regulations; aná

(e) — no meeting of credors (unta de acreedores) wilbe estabishes,

Various potential and actual conficts of Interest may arse betueen the Interest of the
Noteholders, on the one hand, ana the interest of any of the Transaction Parties on the
tner hand, as reslt fte varcus businesses and actvs of the Transaction Parties, and
one of such persons ls requires to resolve such confics of Interest In fawour of the
Noteholders except for tre obligations legal vested on the Management Compaoy, who,
pursuantto arce 261.1 of Law 5/2015 has in pace procedural and organsational measures
Eo prevent potential conf o interest.


“ne Management Company vll be able to 1De Notenolrs and osher credos (ue from
time to bme, those partes that holá  crestor position against the Fund, such as the Start
Us Expenseé Loan Provider) uf the Fund foral damages caused tneeto by 2 reach a a
blgatios. It wil be able or the penaltes applicable thereto pursuant to the rovisons ol
Law 5/2015,

Al matters, disputas, actions and dalms conceming the Fund or he Notes issued and that
may arise during the operation or quidaton there, whether among the Notenaiders or
between the Noteholgers and the Management Company, wil be submteo to the cours cf
the cy of Madri, waning any cther forum to wch te parties may be entes

Nominal Interest rate and provisions relating to interest payable

“ne Notas, shall accrus, from the Disbursement Date until their ful redemption, fosting
nominal interest on ts Pncipal Amount Outstanding (the "Interest Rate”.

Toe Imerest fate shal be payable quartedy on each Payment Date (as defined below),
according to te ranking established in th Pre Enforcement Priority of Payment os he Post
Enforcement Proy af Payments a the case may be, provided in each case that the Fund
has suficien Avalable Funds or Post-Enforcement Avalble Funds, as applicable

Any Interest due an unpeid under the Notes wil not accrue any addition! Interest or efaut
interest aná wl not be addes to the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes

However, fan any Payment Date, ie Funa defaute in the payment of any interest due ana
payable in respec of the Most Senor Clas of Notes (unless, where the Class F Notes are the
Fost Senior Cass of Notes) and such default continues fora period oa last five (5) Business
Days, the Management Company Shal declare the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default
in the conaiions st fort in econ 4.4.3.1 of the Regitraion Document are met (which
vwoxi8 imply the Ear Liquidatan of the Fund and te Eary Redemption of the Nate).

Calcuation interest wi be rounded to four decimal places with the mid-polnt ounded up.
“ne term of the issue cf the Notes vil be vides Ino succassive Interest acera! periads
compisng the days elapsed betncen cach Payment Date (cach an "Interest Acerual
Period”) Each Interest Accual Perico wil begin on (and including) the previous Payment
Date and end on (ut excluing) the nl Payment Date of each Interest Accrual Peris.
Exceptionaly
(8) tne fest Interest Accrual Perico wil have a duration larger than ties months,
beginning on the Dissursement Date (Inusive) aná ending on he Fest Payment Date

(nat includes) (te "Initial Interest Accrual Perlod"); and

(0) — the last Interest Accrual Period wi begin on the last Payment Date pror to Iquication
fine Fund (inclusive) ana will end on te Notes Maturty Date (not include)

“ne interest Rate foreach Interest Accral Period vil De:

(8) in respect of the Cass A Notes, a foatingrate equal to the Reference Rate plus a
margin of 0.77% per annum (the "Class A Interest Rate”), provides that, such


resulting Iterest Rate falls below O (zero), the applcable Interest Rate shall be equal
10.0 ero);

(0) n respect of ne Cass B Note, a fosting rate equal to the Reference Rate plus a
margin of 1.20% per annum (the "Class 8 Interest Rate"), provides that, such
resulting Iterest Rate falls below O (zero), the appicable Interest Rate shall be equal
10.0 ero);

(6) n respect ot tme Cass € Note, a fosting rate equal to the Reference Rate plus 2
margin of 1.50% per annum (the "Class € Interest Rate”), provides that, such
resulting Iterest Rate falls below O (zero), the appicabl Interest Rate shall be equal
10.0 ero);

(4) in respect of the Cass D Notes, a fosting rate equal to he Reference Rate plus a
margin of 2.75% per annum (the "Class D Interest Rate"), provided at, such
resulting Iterest Rate falls below O (zero), the appicabi Interest Rate shall e equal
10.0 ero);

(6) in reation o the Class E Notes, a floating rate equal to tne Reference Rate plus a
margin of 4.50% per annum (the "Class E Interest Rate”), providee that, such
resulting Iterest Rate falls below O zero), the appicabl Interest Rate shall be equal
100 (2e10); aná

(On reation o the Class F Note, a fosting rate equal to tne Reference Rate plus a
margin of 5.24% per annum (the "Class F Interest Rate”), providee that, such
resulting Iterest Rate falls below O (zero), the appicabl Interest Rate shall be equal
100 (2ero)

ne Management Company sha, based on the Information provided by Banco Santander
determine the Interest Rate aplicable to the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period
tuo (2) Business Days pro to the relevant Payment Date, except for the Intl Interest
AccrualPerod, where the Interest Rate applcable to the Notes shall be determined on the
Bate ot incorparation (the "Reference Rate Determination Date”).

"ne Management Company () shall noty the Interest Rate o the Paying Agent at least one
(A) Business Day In advance to each Payment Date (or such other date as agreed betueen
the Management Company and the Paying Agent fro time to Eme) and (1) oy applicable
in espect of Inti Interest Accrual Pei, hall notify e ol Led Managers in wing
onthatsame date. The Management Company will also communicate this Information to AJAF
and IBERCIEAR,

Tne Interest Rate for subsequent Interest Accrual Periods shal be communicated to
"Notenolders win he deadine and in the manner set fort in section 4.2.1 and 4.23 of the
Adótional information.

rente Rare
"ne reerence rate (the "Relerence Rate") or determining the Interest Rate sas folows:
(8) — ThesuRImoR forthethree-month Euro depost which appears on Reuters EURIBOROS
(or any other page that replaces ti page in th future) a or about 11.00 2.m. CET
on the Reference Rate Determination Date (the "Screen Rate”)
if the defiion, methodology, formula or any other fom of cacuaton related to the
EURIBOR were modited (Incucing any modiicaton or amenamen dera of the

complance ofthe Senchmark Reguation), the modifcaions hall be considered to be
made fortne purposes f the Reference Rate relaig to EURIBOR without th ness to


mmosly theterms of tre Reference Rate ana vithout the need to not the Notenoldrs,
As such references to the EURIBOR rate hall De made o the EURIBOR rate such as
ña nac been modified.

(0) By way otexcegtion, the Reference Rate fr the Intil Interest Accrual Period wi result
tom the near Interpolation of the 3-month EURIBOR rate and the 6-mont EURIBOR.
rate quoted ator about 11.00 2.m. CET an the Date ol Incorparaton, according o ne
following formula:

ae

Vine

(6) Iftne Screen Rates unavalate at sucn time for Euro deposite for tn relevant peros,
ten th rat for any relevant period shall e determined in accordance with section
148.5 of tne Securtes Note below.

Banco Santander shall communicate to the Management Company by email, before 12.00
p.m. CET on each Reference Rate Determination Date, the Reference Rate including the
Supsorung documentation for suen alculaions,

As at the date of tisProspectus, EURIBOR ls provideo and administred by the Eurorean
MONEY Mass InSteTUTE ("EMM EMI Sinlued on the register of administrator and
benchmarks estabíshed and malntaned by the EUROPEAN SECURITIES AND MARKETS AUTOR
(ESMA) pursuant to arce 36 of the Benchmark Reguaio.

Base Rate Modification Event: terms and conditions

(8) Notwaistandia anytting to the contray, te folowing provisions wil apply 1 the
Management Company, in the name and on beñal 0 he Funa (acting on the advice
of the Seller) determines that any of the foloming events (each a "Base Rate
Modification Event”) has occur

(0 a materal deruption to EURIBOR, an adverse change in the methodology of
Calculating EURIBOR or EURIBOR ceasing to exist or to be publ; or

(iD the Insoleency or cessation of business of the EURIBOR administrator (1
«ircumetances where n successor EURIBOR administrator has been appolntea)

(l) a publ statement by the EURIBOR administrator that 1 wil case publishing
EURIBOR permanent or Indeftaly (In Crcumstances where no Successor
EURIBOR administrator has been appointed tha wll continue publication of
EURIBOR or will be changed in an adverse manner) or


0)

(o

(4) a publi statement by the EURIBOR administrator that EURIBOR wil nt be
included in the register under Arude 36 of the Senciimark Regulation
permanenty or Indefntey

(Y) a publ statement by the superior af the EURIBOR administrator that
EURIBOR has been orwil e permanenty or Indefintay escontinued ar wi e
changed in an adverse manner; or

(4) a publ statement by th supervisor e he EURIBOR administrator which means
nat EURISOR may no longer be used or trat ts use le subject to restrictions or
adverse consequences; or

(vi), a public anmouncement f the permanent or indeñite discontinuty of EURIBOR
sl apple to the Notes; or

(vi), te ressonable expectation of the Management Company, in the name ans on
behalf of the Fund (acting on te aavice of the Seller) at any of the events
Specified In sub-paragraphs (), (8) (4, (4, (9), (u) or (1) above wi occur
or exist tin sx (6) months of tne proposed eftete date o such Base ate
oaiication.

Foloming the accurence of a Base Rate Modiicaton Event, the Management
Company, in the name and on behalf af he Fund (acting on the advice of the Seller)
val () Inform the Sap Counterparty, aná (1) appola a rate determination agent to
Carey cut the tas reerres to in is Section (the "Rate Determination Agent”).

The Rate Determinaton Agent wil not be Banco Santander or any aflte of Banco
Santander ana shall be an independent financial Insttuion aná dealer of international
regute inte European Union,

The Rate Determination Agent hal determine an altematlve base rate (the
“Alternative Base Rate”) to substtte EURIBOR as the Reference Rate of the Notes
and tre Star-up Expenses Loan Agreement and those amendments to te Transaction
Documents to be made by the Management Company, in the name and an benalf of
ne FunG, as are necessary or aduisabe to facltte Such change (the "Base Rate.
Modification'), provided tt no such Base Rate Modificaton be made unless the
Rate Determination Agent has determined and confirmed to tne Management Company
ln ig tha:

(0 such Base Rate Medicion being undertaken dueto the occurrence aa Base
Rate Modicaion Event and, in each ase, such modification s requires solely
far such purpose and has been draft soehy o sue efect and

(UD such Alternate Base Rate ls:

(A) a base rate published, endorse, approved or recogrised by the relevant
Fegulatory author or any stock exchange on which the Notes are stes
any relevant commitee, working group, an Industry body recognised
national or intenatonaly as representing participants in the asset
backed Secuttsaion market general or cther body estabishea,
Sponsored or approved by any oftheforeglng; or

(8) — a base rate utlied in a materia number of publicy-sted new issues ol

Euro denominated asset backed Nosting rate notes prior to the efectwe
date of such Base Rate Modíiation; or


0)

(o

o

0)

(C) a base rate used in  publcy-lsted nen Issue of Euro denominated
Asset backed floating rate notes where the oginator of the relevant
anat is the Seller oran alte the Ser bankáng group; or

(0) sucn omer bese rate as the Rate Determination Agent reasonably
etermines (and in relation to which the Rate Determination Agent has
provided reasonableJusticaton o ls determination to the Management
Compa),

provide tar, for he avoldance of doubt () each case, the change to the Añemative
Base Rate wll nt, Inte Management Company's opinion, be material prejuical to
ne interest of the Noteholdes and the Start-Up Expenses Loan Provider; (1) he Rate
Determination Agent may propose an Alternative Base Rate on more than one occasion
provided that the condon set out ln ts sectan (c) are satsted, and (1) the
Alternate Base Rate snal ful tne Benchmark Reguiation

By subscribing the Notes, each Notehoider acknowieóges and agrees wi any
amendments to the Transaction Documents made by the Management Company, in
ne name and on behalf the Fund, Which may be necessary or aduisale in order to
Facltate the Base Rate Modífcatio.

Its a condlion to any such Base Rate Modiicatio that:

(0 the Seller pays or aranges for the payment of) al es, costs and expenses
(ncluaig legal fees) property Incurred by the Management Company and each
¿tner applicable pary incluia, wimout límitaion, any of the Transaction
Parts, in connection hh uch modificatons. For the avoldance of do, such
costs shall not include any amount in respect of any reducton in the Interest
Payable to a Motzholder or any change in the amount due to the Swap
Counterpary or any change In the mark to-market value o th Interest ate
Sap Agreement; aná

(UD we respecto each Rating Agency, the Management Company shall notiy such
Rating Agency oftne proposed modífiaton and, In the Management Company 2
reasonable opinion, formed on the basis of due consideraion and consutation
wit such Rating Agency (incluing, as applicable, upon receipt oral or wrten
(as applicable) conemation from an appropriatey authorized person a such
Ratng Agency), such moditcaton mod not result in (X) a domgrade,
witngrawal or suspension e the then current ratings assigned to th Rated Notes
by Sueh Rating Agency or (y) such Rating Agency placig the Rated Notes on
rating watch gate (or equivalent).

hen Implementing any modification pursuantt this secton, the Rate Determination
Agent, he Management Company and the Seller, as applicable, shall act in good fat
and (n the absence of gross neglgence or will misconduet), Shal have no
cesponsiblty whatsogver to the Natenalders or ny other party.

if a ase Rate Modificaton ls not made as a result of the application of section (e)
atove, aná for so long as the Management Company (acting on the advice o the See)
«consider trata Base Rate Modifcatin Even s continuing, the Management Company
may or, upon request at the Sell, must intate the procedure for a Sase Rate
Modiicaion as set out In this secton

Any modiicaton pursuant to tis section must compl with the rules f any stock

“exchange on wnich the Notes are from time to me lted or admited to trading and.
may be made on more han one occasion,


(0) Astong asa Base Rate Medicion not desmed final and binding in accordance wit
is section, the Reference Rate applicable to the Notes vil be equal to tne last
Reference Rate avallable on th relevant applcable screen fate ursuant to Section
4.8, above.

(0 This section shall be without prejuiceto the application of any higher interest under
“applicable mandatory aw.

6) — The Management Company, acting in e name and on behalf the Fund, sal ge
at least iy (30) Business Days" prior wrien notice of the proposea Base Rata
Modifican to the Notenolers, the Suap Counteparty, and the Paying Agent before
publsing a Base Rate Modiication Notehoider Notice.

(0 Themanagement Company, acting inthe name and on behalf the Fund, shal provide
to the Noteholders a Base Rate Modíicaton Noteholder Notice, st east fory (40)
calendar days prior to the date on which Is proposed that the Base Rate Modifiation
vt eE, da a ol ton e (10) Rines DO por

(O Netehoirs representing at least ten per cent (10%) of the Principal Amount
úsastanding of the Most Senior Clas of Notes on the Base Rate Modífcaion Record
Date shal have not drectes the Management Company in witing [or otherwise
lactea the Paying Agent (acting on behalf the Fund) In accordance wth the ten
Current practice of any applicable cearng System through which such Most Sentor
laca of Notes may be nel) witin such notfcatin pena that such Notenolers of
the Most Senior Class of Notes do not consent the Base Rate Modifcaton

Noteholder negative consent rights

1! Notenolers representing a ess ten per cent (10%) f the Principal Amount Ovtstandiag
f tne Most Senior Class of Notes on the Base Rate Modifiaton Record Date nave drecteo
the Management Company in wrting (otherwise irctes the Paying Agent in accordance wit
the current practice o any aplicable clearng System through wNich such Most Senior Class
of Notes may be he) within he notfiation peo referred to above that such Notenolders
fte Most entr Clas of Notes do not consent to the proposed ase Rate Modifican, tnen
the proposed Base Rate Modifiation ll not be made and, the Reference Rate applicable to
tne Notes vil be equal to te lst Reference Rate avallale on the relevant applicable screen
rate pursuantto section 4.84 above.

Forthese purposes:

“Base Rate Modification Noteholder Notice" mesns a witen notice Mom the
Hanagement Company, acting In the name and on behalf the Fund, to noi Notenciders
fa proposed ase Rate Modifcaton confiming the oliowing

(8) — the date on whch is proposed that the Base Rate ModHicaionshal take efect;

(0) the period during wnich Noteholders of the Most Senor Class of Notes who are
Notehalders on the Base Rate Modficaton Record Dste may objec to the proposed
Base ate Modifican (uhich notice period shal commence at east fory (40) calendar
¿days par to the date on whch lts proposed that the Base Rate Modficaion would
take efect and continue for a perod af ne les an try (30) calendar days) and
the method by which they may object

(6) the ase ate Modicaion Event or Events which has or have occur;


(6) — the aternatie Base Rate uich ls proposed to be adopted pursuant section 4.8.5.0)
of the Secuites Note and the raionale for chcosing the proposed Atemative Base

(6) detal of any modfiatons that the Issuer has agreeó wil be made to any heóging
agreement to wnich ls pay forte purpose o aligning any such heaging agreement
ut proposed Base Rate Modiicatin o, where Ie has not been possible to agree such
mmodifatons with hedging counterpartes, uhy such agreement has not been possible
and the efect that tNS may have on the transactón (n the view of the Rate
Determination Agent) and

(O detal of() any amencments which the Management Company, acting in the name.
nd on benalf af the lesuer,proposes to make to these condivone ar any oer
*ransacton Document and (1) any new, supplemental or aódicnal documents into
ich the Management Company, acting in the name and on behalf of the Issuer
Proposes to enter Ino to facto the changes envisaged pursuant tots section

“Base Rate Modification Record Date” means the date specifed to be the Base Rate
"oshcation Recoró Date in the Base Rate Modifiaton Noteholder Note.

The Interest payable on each Payment Date for each Interest Acrual Pero wil e carre
xt in accorcance wit te following formula:

PoR=a/360 7

X= interest 1 e paid ona given Payment Data

P= Pinal Amount Outstancing le Notes on the Determination Date prcedia sue

R= interest Rate expressed as percentage.
4 = Huber o days ataly eapsed in eh Interest Accrua! Peris

mterest on ne Notes wl be paid until ter ful recemption on esch Payment Date according.
to the Pre-Enforcement Proy t Payments or the Post-Enforcement Proy a Payment,
as applicable, se fort in sections 3.4.7.2 nd 3.7.3 fhe Adónional Informan, provided
that the Fund has Suficient Avalable Funds or Post-Enfoccement Avallable Funds, as
applcade.

ntne eventtnat, on a Payment Date, the Fund istotly or partial unable o ay tn interest
accrued on the Notes in accordance wit the Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments r the
Post Enforcement Proy o Payments se fort in setons 3.4.7.2 r 3.7.3 the Additional
Information, respectively, he Unpaid amounts il De paid an En faioming Payment Date on
via the Funa has suficen Iiuidy to do so Immedately before the payment of te same.
Class fort new penod and wiout ccruing adóiional o deaul interest in accordance wn
the aforementioned Pre-Enforcement Priority o Payment, or Post-Enforcement pio
Payments. Amounts deferred mil not acrue addtional interest (ordinary Interest or etsul
interese) nor wal be added to the Principal Amount Outstanding o the Notes.

WNotwistancing th above, fon any Payment Date, the Fund defaut in the payment o any
interest due and payable in respecto he Most Senor Class o Notes (unes, where the Class
F Notes are the Most Senlor Class of Notes) and Such default continues for a period o a least
ve (5) Business Days, the Management Company shal deciare the occurrence of an Issuer


Event of Default n the condions se fort in section 4.4.2.1 af the Registration Document
are met (uich wouló imply the Ear Lquidation of the Fund and the Early Resemplion of
Ene More)

ne Fund, rough lts Management Company, may not defer the payment of any interest 00
the Notes beyond the Legal Maturty Date of the Funa (subject to the Modifea Foloin,
Business Day Convention). On the Legal Maturty Date following final astribution o he Post
Enforcement Avalable Funds, ie Notencidere ¿nal have no further claim against the Fund!
in espect of any unpal amounts and such Unpald amounts shall be ischarged in fl,

'Winnaleing, contributions or taxes now or hereater applicable to the principal, nerest or
retums on th Notes wil e the ole responsible the Noteholders, a the amount tereof
vil be deducted by the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, through the Paying
Agentin he manner provide by law,

Payment wil be made through the Paying Agent, wi will use IBERCLEAR aná ls
participating nstautions to dstributethe amounts o the Notehalder n accordance ult their
Estaniened procedures. Payment f Interests and redemption of pencizal vil be notes to
Ene Noteholers in the avente and wth the nas establsned foreach suaton described in
Section 42. af the Acdtional Information

merest in respect of pe Notes will acrus on 8 day basis an wil De payable quarteny in
Arears on the 21% of January, Apr, JUy, and October of each year (Subject to Modiied
Following Business Day Convention) (each, 2 "Payment Date”) n respec of the Interest
Accrual Period ending immediatay prior thereto, in accordance wi te applicable Prorty o
Paymente, and wil be coluated on the bass of he actual number of days elpsed and a
360-day yea.

Wotwistancing the above, the fist Payment Date wake place on the 21" o October 2025
(be "First Payment Date"), and interest wil accrue at the coresponding Interest Rate from
the Disbursement Date (ncuswe) to the Fis Payment Date (excuse),

Nor applicable
AOJUSTMENT RULES WAY RELATION TO EVENIS CONCERNING Th UnoERLvING

Nor applicable

"ne Management Company (n ts capacity as Cacultion Agent) shall determine the Interest
Rate appleable to the Notes for the Interest Accrual Period, based on the information provides
by he Seller or the Fund Accounts Provide.

Redemption of the securiies

Eeoemrion mee

“ne redempton price oftne Notes val be ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (£ 100,000) per

Note, equivalent to their face value, fre of charges and indirect taxes for the Noteholder,
ayable progressvely on each principal Payment Date, as set out in the foiowing sections


Exch ofthe Notes of each Clas wil be repaid in the same amount by means of a reduction
inte face vale of each Note

The final maturty of the Notes wi take place on he date on which they are fuly redeemes
or on the Legal Maturty Date of the Fund, 1.., 21 January 2040, (subjec o the Modiñea
Following Business Day Convention) (the "Notes Maturity Date”), ito prejuaic to the
Management Company redeeming the Issue of the Notes porto the Legal Matuty Date o
the Fund upon the occurrence of an Enforcement Event In accordance with section 4.13 0
the Registration Document

"ne Notes ll be redeemed by reducing her nomina value on each Payment Date untlrel
ful redempton in accordance wth the redemption rules set forth belou and falling the
Pre-EnforcementPriorty of Payments or the Post-Enforcement Porty a Payments st fort
in section 3.4.7.2 and 3.4.7.3, tespectvey, of he Adóltinal Information, aná provided that
tner are sufiient Available Funds or Post-Enforcement Avaltle Funde, as applicable, for
Sue purposes

Redemption of the Notes prior to the Notes Maturity Date
"ne Fund wi festure tree periods o Ume in relation to the redempton o the Notas:

(2) — Revoluing Pers: no redemption of the Notes, except as described in secon 4.6: of
the Securites Note

(0) Pro-Sata Redemation Period: the redemplion of the Notes wi be par passu and pro-
ata without preference or prioty amongs themselves, in accordance with the pre-
Enforcement Prior of Payments set foth in section 3.4.7.2 of the Additional
information

(6) Sequential Resemgtion Period: the redemprion o he Notes til be made as foows:
(0 Unon the oczurrence of a Subordination Event (other than a Seller's Cal
Option), redempion the Notas wl be sequental in accordance with th Pre-

Enforcement Pronty of Payments et fort in section 3.1.7.2 of the Additional
information

(1) Upon tn occurrene afan Enforcement Event, redemption of the Notes wil e
sequentl in accordance wth the Post Enforcement Priority of Payments set
fartnin section 2.4.7.3 of the Additional Information.

Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments

During the Revolving Perico, the Notehalder wi ony receve payments of Interest on tne
Notes on each Payment Date and wil not recelve any principal payment, except as desc
in section 4.6. the Securities Note.

An particular, Class Note sale receemso for an amount equal to the Class F Notes Target
Amortsation Amount in accodance wth the Pre-Enforcement Prirty of Paymente set fort
in section 3.4.7.2 of the Additional Information,

nie Class F Notes ar uly redeemed, the subordination o such Class wi no longer apply.


During the Pro-Rata Redempiion Period and for so long as no Suborainston Event has
occurred, the odinary pricipal edempuon the Clas A Note, the class Notes, he Class
E hores, te Clase D Notes, and the Clase E Notes val De par passa and proyala mios
preference or priorty amongst themselves holing the sleventn (139) place in the Pre-
Enforcement riorty o Payments as set forthn section 3.4.7.2 ofthe Acdtional Information,

This recemplion il be made In an amount equal to the Pro-Rata Recempion Amount, as
detales in section 4.63 tis Securities Not.

“ne Class F notes shall be redeemea for an amount equal to the Class F Notes Target
Amortsation Amount in accordance wth the Pre-Enforcement Prrty of Payments set fort
in secton 3.4.7.2 of the Adan! Information, Once Case F Notes are fuly receemeó, tne
ubordinaton ol such Cies vil no lenger apply.

Upon the occurrence o  Subordination Event other than a Seler's Cal Option), the Cass
"A Notes, the Class Notes, th Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, aná the Class E Notes wi
be redetmed sequential in accordance with he Pre Enforcement Prorty of Paymente set
fact in secton 2.4.7.2 af tne Acdtional Informan so that the Prncal Target Redemption
Amount vil be apple:

(8) in tn pace, to edeem tn Cae A Notes nl ter ecempio a
(0) nte cana place, to redee the Cas Nte un tner reception nl

(6) Intenta pica, to rece te Clase C Notes un tn reempúcn lt

(a) In tnetaurn place, reee te Clas D Notes until ter edemptio nu; a
(e) nene pac, to ec the Cae E Notes unter emp a

Clas F1otes shallberedeemed for an amount equal to the Class Notes Target Amortisatión
“Amount in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Proy af Payments se fat in section
3.4.7.2 uf the Adátional Information, Once Clase É. Notes are fuly redeemed, the
ubordination of such Cies vil no longer apply.

(8) — Class A Notas il ank par pass and pro cata vithout preference or proty amongst
tnemselves an in priorty to the Cass Notes, the Class Notes, the Class D Notes,
ne Cass E Notes and the Class Notes;

(0) Class Notas il ank par pass and pro cata without preference or proty amongst
tnemselves and in prorty to the Class € Notes, the Cass D Notes the Clas E Notes
“and the Cass Notes, but subordinaed o the Class A Notes

(6) Class € Notes il rank par pass and pro cata without preference or proty amongst
themselves and In porty to e Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F
Notes, but subordinateto the Cass A Notes and th Clas 8 Notes

(6) Class D Notes wl rank par pass aná pro rata without preference or priority amongst
themselves and in prorey o the Class E Notes and the Class Notes, but subOrdinated
to the Class A Notes, the Class Notes and the Clas C Notes;

(e) Class E motas wi rank par passu and pro rata vithoutpreerence or prorty amongst

themselves and in pirty to the Class Notes, but subordiated to the Clas A Notes,
the Class Notes, the Class C Notes and te Class D Notas; and


(O Class notes will rark par passu and pro rat without preference or priorty amongst
themselves. Notwithstanding, Class F Notas WII be redeemed with the avallable
excess spread for an amount equal to Class F Notes Target Amortisaion Amount
¡Once the Class F Notes are fuly redeemed the subordinaion of such Class F wll
no longer apply.

ne occurrence of any of the following suert in respec of any Determination Date prior to
tne Legal Maturty Dste shall consttute 2 subordnaion event (each 3 "Subordination
Event,

(2) The Cumutative Defaut Rato exceeds on the Determination Date immediately
precedig the folouing Payment Dates.

() 002s 145%
(0) anz6 175%
(o moras 205%
(0 mu2s 245%
(e) 0026 275%
O nz 215%
(ear 245%
0 ua 275%
0 0er 405%
O nz 435%
(0 aras 45%
OS 495%
(m) 0cezs 525%
(0) danza 5.55%
(0) FromApr-29 (includes) ommards 5.65%

(0) — the Outstanding Balance f he Recevables arising from Loans granted to the same.
Borrower, as a the immediate prececing Determination Date, s equal to, or higher
than 0.10% of the Outstanding Balanceo the Recelvables poolea In the Fund or

(0) the Sete defaults in the pertormance or observance of any of oblations under
“any of the Transaction Docamente to Which les a party (unleze such defi are
remected wethin try (30) Business Days); or

(4) — an Event of Replacement of the Servicr (as ti term Is deied In section 3.7.1.1 0f
the Adaional information) occurs, or

(6) Swap Coumterparty Domngrade Event (as ts term s defined below) ocurs and none.
At the remedies provided for In the Interest Rate Suap Agreement and describe in
Section 34.1 of the Acdtional Information are put n place win the Umeftame.
required thereunder; or


(O te colateral Trigger ls less tan or equal to 90.50% for tuo consecutve

(9) a fatue to maintain the Reserve Fund at the Required Level of the Reserve Fano in
tuo consecutie Payment Dates; or

(0) tne occurence of Ciean-Up Call Event, or
(0 the exercise of Sellers Cal Options.
For cianfiaton purposes

(8) upon the occurrence af any of the events set out In sections (2) to (9) above,
racemptin of the Notes vil be made in accordance wi the Pre Enforcement Prot
of Payments set fort in section 3.4.7.2 of the Additional Information.

(0) — Upon: occurrence of tn events set out in sectons (n) and (1) above, redemption cf
te Notes ml be made in accordance wi the Post Enforcement Prioty af Payments
Set fort in section 2.4.7.2 the Addícnal information.

Forthe purposes ot section:

“Swap Counterparty Downgrade Event" mess the cicumstance trat tne Swap
Counterpary or Es cre support provider pursuant to the Interest Rate Swap Agreement
(as applicable) ceases to have the Intal or Subsequent rating tvesholá forescen in the
Interest Rate Swap Agreement,

outstanding Balance” means at any time and with respect to the relevant asset the
principal amounts due and uncolected togetner with the prindpal amount o? the relevant
Asset not yet due,

*Collateral Trigger" means the rato s ofthe previous Interest Payment Date (express
25 percentage) between

(8) — the Outstanding Balance of the Non-Defauted Recelvables; and
(0) - the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Rated Notes.
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments

Upon the accurrence of an Enforcement Event, redempton o he Notes ll be sequental in

accordance wit the Post-Enforcement Port of Payments set out ln Section 2.4.7.3 of the

detona! Information as folows:

(8) — Class A Notas il rank par pass and pro rata without preerence o prorty amongst
themselves and In priorty to the Class Hotes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes,
ne Cass E Notes and te Class Notes

(0) Class Notas il rank par pass and pro rata without preference o prorty amongst
tnemselves and in prorty o the Class € Mates, the Cies D Notes the Clase E Notes
“ana the Cass Notas, but subordinates o the Class A Notes;

(6) Class € Notes il rank par pass and pro rata without preference or prorty amongst

tnemselves and in promty to te Case D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class P
Notes, but subordinateto the Class A Nots and th Clas 8 Notes


(6) Class D Notes vil rank par pass aná pro rata without preference or pro amongst
themselves and in poro o the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes, but subOrdinated
to the Class A Notes, the Class Notes and the Class € Note;

(0) Class E notas wal ank par passa and pro rata without preference or prorty amongst
themselves and in pirty to the Class Notes, but subordinated o the Clas A Notes,
the Class Notes, the Class C Notes and te Class D Notas; and

(O Class F notes will rank par passu and pro rata without preference or prorty amongst
tnemselves

Final redemption af the Notes on the Motes Maturity Date

"The Notes Matuty Date and consequentl nal resemption of the Notes s 21 January 2040
(sube to Modified Falloing Business Day Convenson) unless the Notes ae ul redeemea
on a prior date. Final redempion of the Notes on the Notes Maturty Date shall be made.
<ubjec to tne Post Enforcement Priorty cf Payments set frth In section 3.4.7.3 of the
Adctianal Information.

ndication of Investor yield and calculation method

ne average vil, duration and final maturty of the Notes depend on several factor, of
ahi the most significant are the foloming:

(8) — The schedule for redeeming each of the Loans established in he corresponding Loan
agreements

(0) — Theabilty oftne Borrowers to total or partial redeem the Loans in advance an the
spees wi ich is redemption takes place during the duration o the Fund. Thus,
the fedemptcn of the Loans by the Borrouers, subject to ongoing changes, and
estimated in NS Prospectus through the Use of Several assumptions regarding the
behaviour of the futue CPR, which vil ret influence the speea of the redemption
fte Notes, and, therefore, the average fe and duration f the Notes,

(6) The interest rates applicable to the Loans, which wil cause the amount to be paid ln
dsch instalmentto vary.

(4) — A defautby he Borrowers regarding payment of the Loan instalments

An order to calculate the tales included in his section, the following hypatnetcal values,
taking into consideration the Recelvabes, have been assumed for the factors describes

(2) Regarding the Receivables:

(0 the weignted average Interes rate of the Recelvables Is 6.70% (ueighted
average interest rate of e Preliminary Portoll)

(UD an annual constant defaut rte (CDR) of 1.60% (anual) with an average
recovery rate o 23% at twenty-four (24) months. The average recovery rates
the proporton of the Outstanding Balance of the Defaulted Recelvables
recovered alter wenty.our (24) months. The welgned average ate of
Defaulted Recelvables and the average rate of ecoverts are consiste with
respect te information wth the Defauted Recetables and recovertes data of a
<imilr porto o te Preliminary Portal (ses tabls in section 2.2.7.3 0 the
Adaicnal Information);

(lo EURIBOR 3 months ws 2.143%% on 13 May 2025 and vil remain constant


(0) — tre Disbursement Date of the Notes s 28 May 2025;

(6) the CAS (1200, 15% and 18%), which are consiste wi the prepayment Nistorcal
ata Of "SANTANDER CONSUMO A, ET.” “ShaTANDER CONSUMO 5, ET." and "SAI MER
onsuno 6, FT.” hold constan over the e cf Ene Notes, uiich are consisten wit
ne COR data of a similar porto to the Preliminary Portol;

(6) — the mesgnted average Interest ate of the Notes on the Disbursement Date s equal to
3.24% (under the assumption that EURIBOR 3 months was 2.143 9 on 13 May 2025)
and the MeIghted average spread IS 2.109

(6) — the imerest otines by the Fund Accounts is zero;

(0 estimated annual Ordinary Expenses of the Fund: annual rate of 0.1% on the
sastanding Balance of the Recewable, which, duning the est year, wi corespond
o an amount equivale to ONE THOUSAND FIVE HUNORED MILLION EUROS
(€ 1,500,000,000)

(0) the ist Payment Date s 21*October 2025
(1) there has been no earyterminaton o the Revolving Peris;
(O there has been no Subordination Event; and

0) tnerenas been no Early Uquidaton of tre Fund by appliaton of Tax Change Event
or Regulatry Change Event but there has been an Early Lquidation of tne Fund fora
¿iean-up Call Option (in tis regard, there are Suficient Pst-Enforcement Avallble
Funds to amortse all Classes of Notes on the Payment Date the Ciean-up Cal Option
ls exerceco)

(0 the und vil acquie Additional Recelvables during the Revolving Pertod in accordance
tn section 2.22. of the Additional Information,

“ne avove hypotheses arse from the historical information provided by Ene Seller and that
are razonable ora portfolio o equivalen loans (as deined in Risk Factor 1.1.1 above). If
we assume that the Management Company, acting on behalf of the Fund, proceeas to the
Fany Liquidatio of the Fund, ana folowing the Instructions of the Seller, ás estable by
section 4.42.3() of the Registration Document when the Outstanding Balance Ol the
Recelvabls fs below 10% of the Outstanding Balance of the Recelvabes on the Date of
Incorporan, the average If, maturty aná IRR of the Notes woul be the fllowng at for
CPR Of 12%, 15% and 18%, respectively

(remainder f page let ntentionay Blank)


Vegtes rea 1 yes 200 20 270
Antr  retr (3) 290 290 200
spas muta (ae) vaga RO oa
Weg veape (yea) 200 20 270
nera rat ret 9) 230% 230% 2300
speed mau (e) sra aa ao
Weg veage (yea) 20 20 270
ter rat retar 9) 200% 209% 20m
Fspcts mtuty(ae) ARE
Vete rea 1 Un yes 29 2 270
Anter  retr (3) 0% as pe
Espec muta (ae) rea ROO oo
eg rea 1 Un yes 200 20 270
tro rat retar (9) ea sam e
speed mau (2) ara ama ao
Weg veape (yea) 192 19 AS
ter rt ret 19) 250% 2.50% 75
Espec matarte) reas ns a
[cana ET 335. E]

ne Management Company states that the Information of the tables included below s or
Intormative purposes only and that the amount relctes tnerln do not representa specific
payment oblgaton by the Fund to tra partes in the referred dates or penods. The data
includes In the tables below has been prepared under the assumption o a repayment rate of
the Loans on a constant basis during the Ie of he Fund, subject to constant changes.

ne average le of each dass of the Notes are subject to factors largaly outside the control
of ne Fund and consequenti no aesurance can be given that the assumptins and the
estimate above wl prov in any way to be realistic and they must therefore be viewed wit
considerable cauton

Set fort below are th table showing the debt service for each Clas of Notes for COR of
1590, uhieh are consistat with the cash Now model provided by INTEX. or the avoidance of
out, altne tales presented in ts sectan are consatent wi the cash flow model provides
by INTEX, Tables for dferent enanos are nat Includes, gven tt dirences in average
Ives are not sgnican. The results displayed are consisten wi the cash Mow model
provided by Bloomberg

According to these assumptins, no Class E and Class F Notes Interest Deferral Tigers
expectes, an (1) no Revoling Period Early Terminaion Event s expetes,


ae E EH
Do ana E Sa

E ace En Ga
EE AE a 00 E
Bai 28 ENEUAOS ETE EEE ENTES
EE E? EEE 00 RA
ario Eo ma e Es

pS cesos - ms
EEES osos - mae
pen ecos - ss
EEES aso sees a
pa as as as
EEE put e
a o Bss
es Era 4
ETS Boas cs
EEE EIA see caos
pa E Los de
EE as TES os
as ns ses quo
a os sos qa
pa a Ei] Jess
ns ames e mess
EEE A a



ion ETE de a
ica Doa a ss
Peste eds ns Fa
sacas e EE
ion 155 ía
imc Ea EE
TES - e PE
pa os Da Enea ss
pea ma da



Era a E
Ea a e
pa da: a
a E as
Ea Ed E
A



Representation of the security holders.

Pursuant to the provisins af arte 26 of Law 5/2015, the Management Company shall act
with utmostáligene and transparency ln defence of the best Interest the Notenoiders
and the rest of the cresitrs of the Fund, In addition, in accordance vt alce 26.2 of Law
5/2015, the Management Company shal be lable t the Notenolders aná cther creóors o
tne Fund for al losas caused to them by 8 reach of it duties

No mesting of Noteholders and other crediors of the Funá shall e established in the Dee
af Incorporan

Resolutions, authorisations and
been created and/or issued

o rovals by virtue of which the securiies have.

(2) Resolutions o create she Fund, acquire he Recelvabls and Issue af th Hots:

"ne boará of drstors of he Management Company, at ts meetings nel on 17 Mare
2025, passed, ter ala, to () Incorparate the Fund under the legal name of <.1.
Santánder Corsumo 8» or sima, (1) acquie the Recelvabesto be pooled inte Fund,
arsing from loans granted by the Seller to Bomowers and (1) Issue the Notes
represenes by book entries whose registration shal be cane out by Iberdear; aná
(17 the sesination of Pue as audtar of the Fund. Bot (1) aná (1) above tout any
uanttate lem

(0) Resolution to assgn the Recelabies:

The Seller, atthe meeting cf ne executive commites o ls board of drectors, held on
$ May 2025, approved, inter a, (1) the approval to prepare In the Incorporation af
the Funa and (1) te assignment o? the Recatabies ouned y the Seller. In addition,
a number of atomeys-atlaw (apoderados) are empowered, mer ai, to cary out the
execution alte relevant Transacton Documente.

An accordance with the provisons of arie 22.1.) o Law 5/2015, as a condivon precedent
for the incorporaron of the Fund ti Prospectus must be approved by and registered wit

“ne Management Company has requested the vaiver of submisson of the regors on tne
assets of the Fund, pursuant to the second paragraph ol Article 22.1.) of Law 5/2015 aná,
therefore, no atubute report ll be submitted to the CNMV In espect of the Recelvabls

“ni Prospectus has been registered in the official register o ne CNMV on 20 May 2035.

Once the CNMV ls the Prospectus, the Management Company and the Seller vil grant the
Desa of ncorporation f the Fund. The Deed of Incorporation wil be executed before the
Distursement Date of the Nate

“ne Management Company represente tna the content o the Dee af Incorporation le
consistent with the drat of the Deea of Incorporatlon delivered to the CNY, aná In no case
vil the tenms of the Desc ot Incorparationcontradi, med, alter or nvalidate the nues set
Fort in tniz Prospectus, unees the Deeo af Incorporaton ls amended, provided that any
amendment to tre Deed of Incorporan wi be made pursuant to the provsons o ace
24 of Law 5/2015.


Tne Management Company vil submit (1) copy of the Desc of Incorporation (tn POE format
le) tothe CHAV for fling with e fla regstrs, aná (1) copy ofthe Deea o Incorporation

ssuance of the Notes shall e efected under the Deed of Incorgoratton on the Date cf
Incorgoratin (Le, 22 May 2025)

ne placement of the Notes ls aimed at qualfld Investors as deñned in arce 2(0) of the
Prospectus Regulatio, Le, for descrptve purposes and not mid to, legal persons
authorsed or regulated to operate in financial markets, inlucng cre Instruins,
Investment services companis, insurance companies, collective Investment Instutions and
their management compantes, pension funds and their management companies, orher
Aauihorsed e regulated financial entes, ec.

By subscrbing the Notes, each Noteholder agreesto the terms f he Deed of Incorporation
and tia Prespectus and ls reminded of tha EU Due Dilgence Requiremente

MFTO 21/MIFXR AO PROS.

Toe new reguiatory framecrk establshed by MIFID 11 and by Regulation 600/2019/UE of
the European Parlament and of Council 0 13 May 2014 on markets in financial Insvuments
and amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 (MIFIR”) has been mainly implemented in
Spain through Royal Decree 14/2018, ot 28 September and Royal Decree 1464/2018, o 21
December. The potential Investor n the Notes must carry cut tnelr ou analysis on the ek
and costs which MIFID 1L/MIFIR or tner future technical standarás may Imp for the

Therefore, the Notes shall nt be offered, sold or othermise made avalable to any reta

Investor ln the EEA or the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a "reral Investor” means a

person who 1 one or more) o:

(8) — a retal lentas defined in pain (11) o ace (1) ofMIFIO 11 anafor

(0) a customer win the meaning of Dirctve 2016/97/EC on Insurance distribution,
are that customer would no qualiy as a professional cent as defined in pone (10)
fare 4(1) of MIFID 1; and/or

(6) nata "qualfea Investor” as defina in the Prospectus Regulation.

Consequentiy, no key Information document (KIO) required by EU PRUPS Reguation for

aftering or seling the Notes or otherwise making them avalble to rtal Investors in the EA.

has been prepared and therefore ofeing or sellng the Notas or otherwise malang them

vallabe to any rel Investor in the EA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regula.

For the above purposes, the term "offr” includes communication in any form and by any

means, of suficet information an the terms of the oler ang on the Notes offered such as

nables an Investor to decide whether to purchase or subscribe for the Notes,

“ne "Disbursement Date" vil be 28 May 2025.


The subscription pic of the Class A Notes, the Cass Note, the Clas € Notes, the Class
1 Notes, e Cies E Notes and the Class F Notes wil be at par as provia in section 4.22
tenis Secunties Nate.

ne disbursement of the subsofetion amounts of the Notes vil e made in accordance wit
the Management, Pacement and Subscription Agreement

(2) - tnesubserption price of the Note place y En Joint Led Managers among qual
investors vil ve pal to the Fund by the Paying Agent Dy transfer to the Casn Flow
Account. Previously, the Nateholdere subscbing the Notes placeó y the Joint Led
Managers would have paid the relevant subecrpton price porto 200 p.m. CET witn
value date te same dato, and

(0) — the subscreion price of he Notes not placed amongst qualfied Investors by the Join
Lead Managers and subscnibed by the Seller vil be paid to te Fun by the Paying
Agent y transfer to te Cash Flow Account wi value date the same date

einsterabillty of securitles

The Notes shall be frelytrasterrd by any means alomed by law and in accordance wn
ALA standards. ne oÑmnersnip of each Note wil be transtered by book- entry transter. The
registration of the transfer in favour of the acquier in the book-entry register wil have the
Same efec s the transfer (entrega) of the Notes and, as from Such time, the transer may
be chalenged by thrd parte,

Indication of the Market where the securities wil be traded

On the Disbursement Date, the Management Company vil request the admision of al tne
Notes Issues to trading on the ALA which a regulated market pursuant to arte 42.2.)
fine Securities Market Act and a reguated mare pursuantto ari 4.1(21) of MIFD 1

ts expected that the final admission to trading on AJAF wil ocur no later than nity (30)
days from tne Disbursement Date, once the corresponding authorsaions have. been
oolanea,

ne Management Company, n the name ana on behalf th Fund, confrms that ts aware
af the requirements and conditions for the listing, maintenance aná de-Isting of securties
with AJAF in accordance wit applicable regulations as wel as the requirements of ts
¡overning bodies, and the Management Company undertakes to compy wi em.

ne Management Company vil ls, on behalf the Fund reques the Inclusion of he issue
f the Mates n IBERCLEAR so that learance and settlement may be cameo out under the
operating ules established (or that may be appeoved in he future) by ISERCLEAR regarding,
the secunties admited to trading on the ALAF and represented by book-entis

n the event o a falure to meet the deacine for admission of the Notes to trading, the
Hanagement Company undertakesto publish the appropriate nsider information (nformación
privlegiada) or other relevant information (otra informació relevante), as applicable, with
Ene CNMV and make the announcement an the EU Securtisaion Repository webste for tne
purposes of arce 7 of e EU Securlesation Regulation and in the Daly Bulletin o the ALAF
or in any other media generally accepted by the market which guaramees adequate
¿ssemination the informatico, in me aná conten, concerning the reasons for such event
ana the new date for admission o! the Notes o trading


ts not expected hat there wil be an agreement with any entay to provide quid for the
Notes during he term ote Issue

aying agent and depository institutions.
Par Acer

ne Management Company, on behalf fthe Fund, vil apgint Banco Santander as Paying
Agento service te ssue af the Notes pursuantto a paying agency agreement to be entered
into on the Date of Incorporatin by the Management Company, inthe name aná on behalf
fte Fund, and Banco Santander (the "Paying Agent Agreement”)

Toe main terms and condíions of the Paying Agent Agreement are summarsed in section
3.4.3.2 0fthe Adáional Information.

Nor applicable
An estimate of the total expenses related to the admission to trading,

“ne estmated expenses arieng from the Incorporaton of the Fund and the issue and
emission to trading the Note shal be win a range o between TWO MILLION EUROS (€
2,000,000) and FOURTEEN MILLION EUROS (€ 14,000,000). ese expenses inclte, inter
Ala, the registration the prospectus th he CRÁV, ALAF an IBERCIEAR, and other tra
partes (unich incude Rating Agences, legal advsors, Audors, Arranger, Joint Lead
Managers, Management Company, PCS, the Pre-Heege Novation Amount (1 applicable in
accordance wtn secton 3.4.8.1 of the Adaitonal Information), cash om model providers,
notarial services and transiaion fees and other rating agencies involved under any breakcup
faz) ana te resdual purchase pic of Recelvabls n an amount equal to e diference
(any) betueen the nominal value ofthe Class A Notes, the Clas Notes, the Clas C Notes,
tne Case D Notes and the Cass E Note and the Outstacing Balance fte Intl Recatables
(since the maximum amount of the Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables pooied in the
Fund ml de equal to or sight higher than the Maximum Recemables Amount)

“mese expenses wil be paid ut of the Start-Up Expenses Loan Agreement
Statement of the capacity In which the advisors have acted

(8) Cuerrecasas partcpates as legal adusor WAN respect to tne structure of the
ransacton, has reviened th legal regime aná tax rules applicable to the Fund set
forth in secton 4.5.4 0f the Registration Document In ts capacity as an Independent
tira party, and shall Issue the legal opinion required under artce 20.1 of the EU
Securesation Regulation,

(0) Pénez-Licnca partipates as legal aávsor of he Arranger and the Joint Lead Managers
and has review tneprospectus and the souture of the transaction for th beneft of
the Artanger and the Joint Lead Managers

(6) POShas been designated as tn thid-panty verying STS compliance aná has prepared

Me PCS Assessments, which wIl be avale for Investors on the PCS webste

ups. //pesmare.org/transactions


(4) — DELorrE has issued a Special Securteation Reportan the Preliminary Portal or the
purposes of complying wii tne provsions of article 22 of the EU Securtisaton
Regulation, on the ftiment of the Elily Cntera set forth in seton 2.2.2.3 of the
Additional information. In acdíian, Delite has venfied the accuracy af the data
lscosed In the statífcaton tables included in section 222.2 Gr the Adótional
Information, and the CPR able included in Section 4.20 of ti Securities Note.

Other information in the Securities Note which has been audited or reviewed by
auditors or where auditors have produced a report

Nor applicable
Credit ratings assigned to the securities at the request or with the cooperation

of the lasuer in the rating process, A brief explanation of the meaning of the
tings 1fthis has previousIy been published by the rating provider

On the registration date of NS Prospects, the Rated Notes have been assigned the folowing
provisional ratings by e Rating Agencies:

se ET

the provisional cres ratings of the Rated Notes are not confirmed as final by any of the
Rating Agencies on or prior to the Disbursement Date (and In any case prior to the
sbursement of the Notes), unless such provisional rain are upgraded, Tis Crcumstance
vil be immediata reported to he CNMV and al counterparties of tn Fund (including otr
Rating Agencies) and made publi as provide in section of the Adalional Information and
vs result terminatin o he Incorporation of the Fund, the Notes ssue aná al Transaction
Documents (except or the Start-Up Expenses Loan Agreement n relation to the expenses of
Incoporation ofthe Fund an the Issue the Notes), and te assignment o he Recewable,

arios cors1oERArIonS

Batinos

“ne meaning f the ratings assigned to Ene Notes y FITCH and MOSAS can be revienes at
those Rating Agencies" websites:

(8) src brs.mominasta.com; aná

(0) vrrttratinos.com.

ne ratings assigned by the Rating Agencies do not constitute an evaluation o he lei
af Borrowers prepaying principal, nr indeed o the extent to which uch payments dife from
what uas original forecasted and Should not prevent potential Investors from conduct,
their own analysis of ne Notes to be acqurs. The ratings are not by any means a rating of
the level of actuarial pertormance,


The abovementioned crea ratings are intended purely as an opinion and shoui not prevent
potential Investors from conducen thel own analyses ote secunts to e acquired,

"ne Rating Agencies may revise, suspena or witdraw the final ratings assigned at any me,
based on any information that may come to their note. Those events, which shall not
constitute eariyIguidaton events of the Fund, hal fothwth be notes to both the CNMV
and the Noteholders, in accordance wit the provisions of section 4.1 of the Additional
Informato.

Begistration. of Rating Agencies

(8) On 31 October 2011, FITCH was registered and authorised by ESMA as a European
Union Credt Rating Agency In accordance with tn proviins of CRA Regulatioo.

(0) On 14 December 2018, MDBRS was registered and authorised by ESMA as a European
Union Credt Rating Agency In accordance with the provisans o the CRA Regulation.

Fico

Fs ratings af structured finance oblgations on the longterm scale consider the
blgations relative Vulnerablty to default. These ratings are typical assigned to an
Individual secury or tranche in transaction and not to an Isuer.

(8) ARA (sl): Highest Credit Quai. “ARA” ratings denote the lowest expectation of
efault Sk, They are assigned only in cases of excaptonaly Strong capacty for
payment of Anancial commiments. TN capaci Is high unlkey to be adversely
afecte by foreseeable events

(0) AA (SM): Very High Crec Qualt. "AA ratings denote expectaions of ver low efaut
sk. Trey incate very srong Capaciy for payment af financial commtiments. This
capaci 5 not signlfcaniy vulnerable to foresesable events,

(6) A (sf): Hahn Credit Qualty.'A ratings dencte expectaons of low default sk The
«apacty for payment of financia commitment s considered strong. This capacty may,
everthelss be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than Is
te case for higher ratings.

(6) BB (a): Good Crea Quai. 'BB9'ratngs indiate that expectations o default risk
are currenty low. The Capac for payment of financial commitment 15 consideres
adequate, but adverse business or economic conditns are more Ikely to impar Ns
capacty.

(6) BB (sf): Speculatve. "88" ratings indicate an elevatea vulnrabity to default risk
particular in the even of adverse changes In business or economie conditions over

(O (8h: Hon Speculatve. "8 ratings inicatethat materlal defaut ik ls presen, but
3 lmted margin af safety remaine. Financial commiements are Cunenty being met
however, capacity for contes payments vulnerable to detriraton in the business
and economt enviranment.

wit rating categories, Fitch may use modifrs The modiñers "+" or" may be appended
to a rating to denoterelaie Status witin mejor rating Categories, Such sufixes are not
cad to "AAA ratings and ratings below the "CCC" category.

Where a rating ls reerredto as “expected,” altematielyreferes o as "expect o rate”

it wal have a sufi 3s (EXP). Tis Indicates tt the assgnes rating may De sensitive to
(4) Mnalisation of the terms ln the draft documents (1) fulflment of other contingencias


at closing. For example, expected ratings can be assigned based on the agency
expectatons fegarding final documentation, typicaly based on a review of the draft
documentation provided by the Issuer. When final documentation S received, the (EXP)
uti tyacal wl be removed and Ehe rating updated necessary.

ne MOBRS long-term rating scale provides an opinion on the risk of default, That is, the
risk that an Issuer wil falo satisy ts financial obligations in accordance with the terms
Under when an aDIgation has been issued. Al rating categories other tnan ARA and O
also contain subategories "(high)" ana “(low)”. The absence of etner a “(Ngh)" ana
“(ou)” designation ndicatas the rating s in midale of the category. Descrigtions on the
meaning of escn individual relevant rating ares folowe

(8) — ARA (SM): Hghest creci qualy. The capacity for he payment of Mancia blgations
is exceptionaly high and unikely to be adversey affected by future events

(0) AA (SO): Superior credit qualty. The capacty or the payment o inancial obligations
is consideres nigh. Credit qualty dere from ARA cn to 3 small degree. Unisely to
be Significaty vulnerable o future events

(6) A (8): Good Crea qualty. Te capacty for the payment of financia obigations ls
ubstantal, but of lesse crei qualty than AA. May be vulnerable to future event,
But aualíying negative factors are consideres managesble

(4) — BB (sf): Adequatecredr qualty. The capacr forte payment of inancal oblgaions
is considered acceptabl. May be vulnerable o future events

(6) BB (sf): Speculative, nonuinvestment-grade credit qualty. The capaci for the
payment of financia bligatons 1 uncertaln Vulnerable t future events

(O (st): High socculive credit quality. Thee s high level of uncertaly as to the
capaci to meet financial blgatons

(9) C€G / CE / € (sf): Very High speculatie crec quality. 1n danger of defauting on
financial oigatons. There 1 te dference petuean tnese tee categories, altnough
(CE and € ratgs are normal applied to obigatone that are seen as Noni; lkcely to
efaul, or subordiated to oblgations rated ín the CCC to 8 range. ObIgatins in
respect of which default has not technical taken place but Is considered Inevitable
may be rated in the C category

(0) D (sf): When the Issuer has fed under any applicable bankrupte, Insovency or
únaing up statte or there s a allue to satsy an obligacion after tn exhauston
grace periods, a doungrade to D may occur. MOBRS may also use SO (Selective
Default) n cases viene only some secuntes are Impacted, such as the case of a
“detresced excranges,

Final rating considerations

“ne Rating Agencies dfferentatesstrutured finance ratings fro fundamental ratings (Le.
ratings on nonfiancial corporate, naci nsttuion, and publ sector entes) on the long
term scale by acing he sufix (5) to he structured Ainance ratings

(Remainder of page intentonaly ef land).


(Amex 19 of the prospectus Delegatea Regulation)

A statement that a notification has been, or Is intended to be communicated to
ESMA, as regards simple, transparent and standardised securitisation (STS)
compliance, where applicable

The securtiation transaction described in ti ProspectusIsInended to quaiy asa simple,
transparent aná Stncaraies Securtiation (STS securitsation) ultin the mearing of article
18 of the EU Securtisation Regulation. Consequenty, on or about the Date of Incorportion
(ana in any case witin fiteen (15) Calendar days fiom the Date af Incoporaton), Banco.
Santander, as Orignato, wil submit the STS Notfiaton to ESMA Register 0 SIS.
otífatons in ccoréance with ace 27 of the EU Securtization Regulation, pursuant to
nica complance with the requirements of artes 19 to 22 of the EU Secuntisation
Regulation shal e note to the ESMA register of STS notifcaios in oder to request that
the securtisaton transaction described in is rospectus Is included in the ESA Register o
TS notifications or the purposes of article 27(5) of tne EU Securusation Regulation.

ne Orignator shal noi Bank of Spain in lis capacity as competen author of the
Submission o such mandatory STS Notíicaon to ESMA, ataching Such notification.

None of the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, the Seller (In ls capacity as
riginator), he Arranger, the Joint Lead Managers or any other pare to the Transaction
Documents glves any explct or imples representan or warranty as to () the inclusion of
ti securtsation transaction in the It adminiterea by ESMA wltin the meaning o atico
21(5) o the EU Securtusaion Regulation, (1) whether tri secuiisaion transaction sha be
Fecognised or designatea as "SIS" or Simple, ansparent and Standardsed? ultin the
meaning of are 18 of the EU Securtisacon Regulation after the date of notification to
ESMA, and (1) whether the secutisation transaction does or wil continue to meet the "SS"
requirements or to qual as an STS-securtiaton under the EU Securtiaton Regulation or
parsuant to arce 12(3) a the UK's Securiisaton Regulations 2024 (28 amendes) as at the
ate OFINS Prospectus or at any pola In time ln the future

“ne status oftne STS Notifiatian 1 not static ana Investors should conguet their onnreseare
regarding the Status of the SIS  Nobcaton on the ESMA. weste
ce eyacula securtizaton/ simple Y
andetancereiesd-ste securtisaton)

ne Seller, as origiator, sal be responsible for the fuliment of he requirements of ares.
19 to 22 of the EU Securiisation Regulation and shall immediately naty ESMA ana inform
ts competent suthorty vinen the transaction no longer mests tn requirements of aries 19
to 22 ofthe EU Securtisation Regulaton

Prospectwe Investors are themselves responsible for anaysing their own regulaory postan,
and Shoula consult their own adsers in ts respect and should consider (ana where
appropriate, take Independent aduce on) the consequence from a regultory perspectwe of
the transaction not being considered an STS Secuntisaton, including (but not Imire t) hat
the lack of such desgnation may negattely afec e reguatory position, and the capta
narges on, the Notes ans, in sd6Iton, have a negative efect on the price and iquidoy o the
Notes in the secondary marte.


"Third-party verification

The Seller, as originator, has used the services of PCS, as a Thirá-Pay Verifcation Agent
(573) in comnecton wit an assessment of the STS Verification. lt ls expected that the STS.
Veriicaion prepared by POS:

(2) — wal be Issues on or priortothe Disbursement Date, aná

(8) 008 be avalable for Investors on the PES website (ItpSJuocsmacket org/ste
verficanionJransacions/) together with a detalles explanaton of lis scope at
Fnzps.¿Juen.pesmarkcs rg/ascalmer.

ne STS Verification s nota recommendation to buy, sell or hol secure, not investment
acvice whether general oras defined under DIRECTIVE 2014/65/84 (MIFI 1!) and 1 nota
crea rating whetner generaly or as defined under the CRA Regulaon ar Section X(a) af tne
Únitea States Secunties Exchange Act of 1934 (25 amended from Eme to time, the
"Exchange Act”). PCS Is not an “expert as defined in the United Sttas Securts Act

“nere can be no assurance that the secuitizaton transaction describes in ns Prospectus will
recewe the STS Verification na the secutisaton transaction described in tis Prospectus
does ot recelve the STS Veriicaion, ti hall no, under any Crcumstances, afec the
labilty ofthe Seller and the Fund in respec legal obligatios under the Eu Securisation
Regulation, nr sal It arc th oblgatioas Imposed on institutional Investors as set out In
arte 5 of the EU Secufication Regulaton. Having ald that, since PCS has prepared dra
Versions o the STS Verification during the process leading o registration of ti Prospectus,
Its expected at the nal STS Verfication wil e positive

Investors should conduct ther own research regarding the nature of the STS Verification an
must read the Information avalable in hip: //pcsmarietarg. in tre provision of SIS
Venficañon, PCS bases As decision on Information provided alecty and Indrecty by the
Seller (as originator). For the avoidance of ou, the PCS websta and the contents thereof
0 not form par of is rospectus.

“The minimum denomination of an issue

Exch of ne note issued by the Fund ll have a nominal value of ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND
EUROS (€ 100,000)

The Fund, which ls represented by the Management Company, wi be Incorporated wit the
nital Recelvables assigned by the Seller to e Fund on the Date of Incorporaton, the
Outstanding Balance of those Recelvables wil De equal to or sightiy higher nan ONE
THOUSAND FIVE HUNDREO MILLION EUROS (€1,500,000,000), WNch represent e nominal
value o he issue of the Cass A Notes, the Class 8 Notes, the Clas C Notes, the Clas O
Notes, and the Clase E Notes

Forlarfcaion puposes, as the Recevables represent inety-ve percent (9586) of any and
al of the recelvables rising from the Loans (as of the Date of Incorporation In comecton
vit te Initial Recelvables and as of tpe relevant Purchase Date In comection wit the
Aseiional Recelvables), the tral agregate Outstanding Balance of the Loans as of
Disbursement Date il be approximately €1,578,947,368.42.

ne Fund shal Issue the Clas F Notes wth an aggregate nominal value of TWENTY-TWO

MILLION FIVE HUNDRED EUROS (€ 22,500,000), which wil e deposted in the Cash Flow
Account and used o fun the Reserve Fund in an amount equal to the Initial Reserve Fund.


Confirmation that the information relating to an undertaking/obligor not
involved in the Issue has been accurately reproduced from the information
published by the undertaking/o!

Nor applicable

Confirmation that the securitised assets backing the Issue have characteristics
that demonstrate the capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and
payable on the securities

Toe Seller confims that the fows af principal, ordnary interest and any other amounts
¡generated by the Recelatles are suficion to mesttne paymente due and payable under the
Notes (taking Into account the subordinaton that exists between the diferent lasses of
Notes) in accordance with the contractual nature there

However, in order to cover any eventual payment defauts of the Borrowers, credí.
ennancements wil be put in place in order o Increase the secuty or regulan of the
payments of the Notes and mitigate or neuralse dferencs in interest rates on the Loans,
and which are desees In section 3.42 0ftNS Addrional Information. Such enhancement,
however, may prove to De insuficent in excepional circumstances

“ne Notes have diferent rs of faing to receve payments as an hen due and therefore
the Rated Note have Glerant red ratings assigned by the Rating Agencies as detalla In
section 7.2.2 alte Securites Note.

Assets backing the Issue
Becelvables

“ne Fund wi oct In ts assetstne Recelvables aising from Loans granted by tne Seller to
the Borrowers for consumer financing, winout limitan, debtar's expenciures (including,
mallconsumer expendtres and other non- defined expendtures), he purchase o consumer
¡goods ins broadest sense (including finisting home working construction), he purchase of
oode (incluáng the acaulsiton of new and used veni or serias). For Carias.
Parposes, the Recevables shal represent ninety-fve per cent (95%) of the recatvables
“rteng from the Loans (ae of the Date of Incorporation in comection with the Inti
Recelvables and ae of the relevant Purchase Date In Comecton win the Addtanal
Recetvables)

ne requirements to be met by the Recelvables to be assigned to the Fund and their
enaracteratsc ar described in the sections below aná In the Deed o Incorpora.

Adational Information can e found below regaring the ol;
(8) — Maximum Recetvables Amount; and

(0) Enforcement proceedings.

Maximum Recelvables Amount

"ne maximum amount of the Outstanding Balance of the Recetables pooled in he Fund wi
be equal to or Sighly higher than ONE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED MILLION EUROS
(E1,500,000,000) (tre "Maximum Recelvables Amount") equivalent to te aggregate

hominal value of the Issue af the Class A Notes, the Class 8 Notes, the Class C Notes, the
Class D Notes, and th Clas E Note,


Additional Taformation an enforcement proceedings

Since the Loan agreements have not been formales as 3 puble document but as 3 prvate
document, the Servir wi! have to commence decaratie proceedings for the recognition af
tne amounts that are due and payable under the Loan agreements in order o subsequenty
be able to comence enforcement action of the potential rullg against the assets of the

“ne Recelvables and the Loans are govemed by the Spanish lavs. in particular, tne
secure Recelvables are govemed by the Spanish banking regulations ad, specifcaly and
vere applicable, by:

(8) Law 16/2011, of24 June, on consumer credit agreements;

(0) Circalar/1990 o Bank of Span, of 7 September, on transparencyoftransactions and
protection of customers

(6) Order EHA/2809/2011, of 28 October, on tansparency and protection for customers
banking services;

(4) — Circular 5/2012, of 27 June, of Bank of Spain, for crea enies and providers of
payment servics, on trnsparency af banking services and responsisle grantng of
loans, where applicable;

(6) — Royal Legsiative Decree 1/2007, of November 16, approving the consolates ext o
the General Law for Ene Defence cf Consumers and Users and other complementary
laws (Real Decreto Legisiatwo 1/2007, de 16 de noviembre, por el que se aprueba el
ext refundido de la Loy General para la Defensa de los Consumidores y Usuanos y
tras leyes complementarias) (as amended, the "Consumer Protection Law”); 200

(O Law7/2998, o 13 Apr, on General Contracting Conaiions ("Law 7/1998).

Asslanmentofthe Inal Recelvables

“ne total Outstanding Belance of tne Recelvablesto be assigned to the Fund on the Date
Incorgoration wil be equal to the Maximum ReceWables Amount, Le, ONE THOUSAND FIVE
HUNDRED MILLION EUROS (€ 1,500,000,000) or an amount sight higher aná as close as
possible to that amount

“ne assigament of the IntilRecelvables vil e efectie from the Date o Incorporatian aná
vil e cocumented by means of the Master Sale and Purchase Agreement (as 3 notaria deso
(aólza)) (utich il incide a ls ot the Receivables assgned to the Fun), axecutes
Simultaneously with tne Deed f Incorporation and upon Incorporation of the Fund,

An order for he IitalRecelvablesto be assigned to, and acquired by, the Fund, each nia
Recelvabl shall, on the Date o Incorporaton, Individual Satity al the representations an
warrentes established in section 22.5 below (the "Endlvidual EigbIly Criteria”).

Any Recevables(etner the Intl Recetvabls o the Additional Recetvabls)to be afred by
the Seller to the Funá wil be existing elglble receivables held y the Seller on the Date of
Incorgoratio (n espect of the Initial Recelvable) or on a Purchase Date (n espect of the
"dáiianalRecelable),wil De random seecze (n the case of the Intl Recelvables from
tnePrelrinary Portal) and shal meet the relevant Elglblty Cote (as appicale), as et
fort (1 ln section 2.2.5 (sub-secton "Assigament of the Inia) Recelvables”) above (n


respect of te Intl Recelvables); and (1) n section 2.22.3.2 of the Additional Information
(in respect of tve Adgtianal Recelvable)

Such assignment wi be made in the terms described in section 3.3.1 et eg. oftneAcdltiooa
information.

Selection of Initial Recelvables from the Preliminary Portfolio

Any Inial Recelvables to be ofered by the Seller to the Fund wil be existing elle
recenables held by the See on the Date of Incorporaton, wil be randomy Selected from
the Preliminary Pool and each tal Recelvable sha, on the Date o Incorporation, Satisy
Individual Satsty the representations and warranis established in section 2.2.8.5 below.

ne preliminar loan porto from which the Intl Recetables shall e selecteó comprises
206,469 Loans (te "Preliminary Portfolio", wit an Outstanding Balance as of 11 March
2025 (the "Cut-ON Date”) amounting to € 2,068,372,012.

None of the Loans are secure by personal guarantee (L.., avales/tanzas) grates by tnra
parties (avalstas) o n-rem Secunty Interests (derechos reales, although such Loans could
Benefit from thid-party guarantess at any time in the future,

Beste of the selected assts securtised through the Fund upon being estables

Delotts has revienea a sample of 461 Loans randomiy selected out af the Preliminary
Portolo from wnic the Recevables sale selete,

“ne resul, apolying a confidence level o a leas 99%, are set out ina special securtisation
report prepared by Deloite for the purposes af complying witn arte 22.2 of the EU
Securisaton Regulrion. The Seller, as originator, confrms that no Sgnficant adverse
ndings have been detects,

Adaiionaly, Delolte has verited the data discises in the sraication tables set cut in
section 2.2.2.2 below n espect of the Preliminary Porto

ne Management Company has requested from the CNMV the exemption to submiting the
peca securtusaton report according to the Second paragraph of arte 22.1 ) of Law
572015.

None of the Fund, the Management Company, the Arranger, the Joint Lead Managers the
Paying Agent or any otner pany to the Transaction Documents other tnan the Seller has.
úndertaken or wl undertake any investigation, Search r her acton o very the detal of
the Recewables aná the Loan agreements or to establish the Crediworthiness af the

(Remainder of page ef intentional blant).


2222.

alla ecelvables
(0 Distabution by Outstanding Balance

“ne Outstanding Balance is between £24 and £97,875 wit an average of C1O,D18,
"The scope of ntervals defines as including the fest and excluding he as amount
of such ntervals, There ae 13,550 Loans with an Oststanding Belance higher than
425,000 (21.79% aftne Outstancng Balance af the Loan)

"ne following char shows the ditution of the Los by Outstanding Balance:

a ES
Mea ES
a Sie E
Ms Eo
a

sa

For clafication purposes, only 0.06% of the Lons (represent a 0.45% of the
úsastanding Balance) in the Preliminary Porto have an Outstanding Balance greater
than 60,000€.

(remalnder of page te Intentonal bank).

aero7


(0 Dista y lia amou

The nia amount Is hebween €1,015 and €151,500, with an average of €13,001. The
scope of e ntemvals s deñned as including the fest and excluing the last amount of
Such interval

"The folouing char shows the distribution of the Loans by nia principal:

(remalnder of page te Intentonal bank).

Pesos


()  Pistuluaon y efectve applicable ntecest rte

The welgnes average interest rte of the Recelvables ls 6.70% and 100% of the
Recelvabls have a fed intere rate

The Recelvabls do not allow for postponement o Interest or principal Insalments (and
one of the Loans has been subject by grace period o Interest or principal)

The foiwing char shows the isrbution at interval 00.59 o the current nominal
¿Interest rate. The scope of the interval ls defned as incluing the ft aná exclucing
the last amount of such inervale, The nominal interese rate of the Loans le between
3.10% and 11.95%, with a simple average nominal rate o 6.74%.

EJES

"ne interestrates of the Recelvables shown in the above table have taken into account
“any penalty that s appled to any Recetvable. in particular, the application of penalty
Sn Interest rates la lmteo to 12.83% of the Loans of the Preliminary Portal
(equivalent to 11.37% of the Outstanding Balance). Ns 11,37% of the Outstandiag
Balance of the Loans wi penahy 1 subject to annual review. In any case, th Loans
th penalty ls not subject to Increase, On the other hand, the remaining 88.63% of
the Outstanding Balance of the Loans vdl be subject o no penalty

(1 Pistaiaion by year of orinal

The following chart shows the distribution by year f origintion. The formalsation
stas fal between 15/1/2020 ana 31/1/2023. The welgnted average originatin date
ls 3/1/2024, which resul in 14 montas from Cut-0f Date.

E oo as e
dos aan EEN

aero


0)

0)

1)

Pisa by eco maty

"The foloing char shows the distribution by year of maturty. The maturty dates fal
etneen 1/2/2026 and 31/12/2032. The average maturty date ls 28/5/2030, mich
result n 50 months from CULO Date

ans
Pisrlbuon by gina teta matar

The original term to maturty has a welghted average amount o 6.3 years, being amid
of 1.0 years and 8.0 ars. The scope o th itervalss defined as incluing the fest
and excluding the last amount such interval.

os
ee

The Seller warrants that on the Date of Incorporatin of the Fund, none of the
Recelvables to be assigne to the Fund wi ben arrears

"The scope fe ntervalss defined as excluding the fst and including he last amount
f such Intervals. See representaton (15) in section 22.85 af the Additional
Information.

Deo moon | otero

(remalnder of page te intentonaly blank).

perio


(li), Pistulbuaon af Becelables by concentration al Borrar

The falowing table shows the cisribution af the Recevables by concentration of
Borrowers (e, the debtor positions individual he by single Borrower)

(0) Pistalbuaon y loan urpose

The purpose "Other" refects any consumer good or service not speceó in any of the
categories described above (there s no more specific data) and represents 53,38% of
the Outstanding Balance of the Recetvables. Win this concept, the folowing purposes
are Includes: “equipment”, "medical expenses”, "travel, "tultlon” aná, most
Frequenty, "other/ miscellaneous”. uti "othe/ricelaneous”, te Seller does not
racorá te purpose of ase Loans - there 1 no more pecle puspose.

For pre-apgroved Loans, there Is not necessary a purpose as those Loans are pre-
approved y the Sei, and thereore the purpose 1 not relevant Regarding the pre=
approved Loans, WNich amount to 87.77% of the Loans, and 86.27% of the
Osastancing Balance o the Recetvabes, e originaion pol describes in section
22.7 oftiz Asatnal Information has not been softenes,

Equal, for those Loans that are not pre-approved, on many occasions the borromers
0 not specify tne purpose for the Loan, o therefore the purpose recorded by the
Branch le “others or macellaneous”. There are no referal groups al gued and/or
servces (grupos prescriptoes) thank inancing to such guod or service (e., nea
emres, master schools, private unierses, ete.

(remain of page let intenionaly blank)


09 Distalbaon by Regulatay PD.

The Regultory PD has  weighted average af 1.95%, being amid 0.38% and 4.67%,
"The scope fte ntervals ls defines as including the first and excudig he last amount
such nteval

"Regulatory PD" means the prossblity of a borrower being unable to meet ls
payments obigatons under the Loans over ne-year peroa as stated In arte 163 of
RR. Banco Santander, as alculation agent of the Reguiatoy PO, vall update the
Regulatory PD o every Loan in the flling two cases; (1) monthly, tling Into account
the oun economic variable bome by the borrower, and (1) yeary, a the model that
supports the Regulatory PD's outcome has to be calbrated

Notetnat th representatio (29) n section 22..5 the Adóiona Information, each
Loan should have a Reguiatory PD equal to or les than 6 per cent (6)%

04) Dista by autonomos communities

The falowing table shows the distribution as per the autonomous communities where
ne Borromers ar located, The four most frequent autonomous communites combined
(Madri, Andalucia, Cataluña and Galicia) amount to 55.81% o the number of Loans
ana 55.82% of the Outstanding Balance.

201039 250%
TARA 2909 2130

paenia


2223,

a) Dista y loan repayiment system.

"The foluing table shows the astibution as per the repayment system ofthe Loans.

(ai), Distribution by Instalment payment frequency

The follouing table shows the distribution as per the Insalment payment frequency of
ne Loans

an

The oliowing table shows the distribution as perthe Interest payment frequency o the

06). Distribuon by Job status of Borromers
The folouing table shows the distribution as per the Job status of the Borrowers

Ex 752% 1508320215 736%
Se as 17

The term "Employed! in the above table excludes sel-employed individuals
"The term "Other captures all other individuals ich are not employed or pension,
064), Pistalbuaion y Insurance staus

The folowing table snows the cisrisuton as per the Insurance status of the
Receive

“with insurance" in the above table refers to the Recelvable being covered by any cf
the insurances desrbed in section 2.2.0 of the Addtianal Information.

After the Date af Incorporation, on the relevant Purchase Date during the Revolving
Peoc, the Fund, represented by tne Management Company, wil purchase Additional
Recenables to compensate the regucton In the Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables

Peris


pooled in the Fund up to a maximum amount equal to the Principal Target Redemption
Amount on the Determination Date preceding the relevant Purchase Date, provided that
the Seller nas suficint Additional Recelvables to be assigned to the Fund meeting the
Elgiblity Crteria an such assignment date,

Asdiinal Recelvables vil be assigned o the Fund by means of purchase offers ans their
acceptance by the Fund, in complance with the provisns of section 2.2.2.3. of the
Asaiional Information of the Prospectus and the Deed of Incorporaton.

Any expenses and taxes resulting from the formallstion of successive assignments wil
be borne by the Saler

Acquisition Amount of the Additiona!Recelvables

The AdsitionalRecelvables shall be assigned at price equal to the Acquisition Amount,
as provided In section 3.3.3.2 ofre Additional Information

Elaiblity Criteria

order or the Adational Recewvable t be assigned to, and acgured by, the Fund, both the
Inawvidoa Elgilty Criteria aná the Glosa Elgiblty Crt<ria (the "Eliglbllty Criteria”) set
fort below must be satisted on the relevant Purchase Date

Andi Eg Cia

Exch AddltonalRecelvable hal, on he relevant Purchase Date, indwidualy satity al the
representan and warranties established in Section 2.2.6.5 bel.

loba! Edoloy Criteria

An addition to the Inalvidual Egbilty Crteria, in oder or the Adoltional Recelables to be
assigned to the Funa as a whole (assuming for these purposes tha the relevant Additional
Recevable to be purchased on he relevant Purchase Date have been assigned to the Fund),
te folosing global slglaty crteia must be satstea on the relevant Purchase Date (the
Global Elgibilty Criteria”)

(8) — Thatene aggregate Outstanding Balance ate Recelvabes corresponding to the same.
Borrower dass not exceed 0.05% af the tota Outstanding Balance o! tn Recelvables.

(0) That the welgnted average remaining term of the Recelvables, welghted by the
Outstanding Balance of the Recelvable, does not exceeó egrey-tour (84) month

(c) That te aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables corresponding to the
autonomous community vt the highest concentration does not exceea 26% of the
total Outstanding Balance of the Recetvabes.

(4) That tne Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables coresponding to the three
autonomous communities with the highest concentration does not exceed 65% of the
total Outstanaing Balance of the Recewables.

(e) That tre welgnted average Interest rate of the Recemables welghted by the
úsastanding Balance of the Recelvabls s not lower than 6.5%,

(O Thattte aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables higher than € 60,000 does
ot exceed 50 of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables

(6) That on tne date of their assgnment to the Fund, the Outstanding Balance of the

Recelvabes is equal to the nominal amount (t par) t which the Recelvables are
assignea to the Fund.


Forclarfcaton purposes, the calulaton o the GobalElgiblty Crteria described n sections
(2) to (g) above must bé made on the total Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables (unio
Includes both ini Recelvables and Additional Recelvabes)

fre or hon of Addltion:

ne assignment ofthe AdaionalRecelvables wl take place in accordance with the folowin
terms, the provisons set out in the Master Sale and Purchase Agreement ad the provision
et cut in te Deed of Incorporan:

(8) — On each Offer Request Date, the Management Company vil request the Sel the
assignment of Adotional Recétables to the Fund, speciying() te Avallabe Funds on
the Determination Date preceding te relevant Payment Date and (1) the Payment
Date on vih the assigament to the Fund and payment of the purchase price o tne
assignment must be made.

Before 17.00 CET on the Offer Date, tne Sel vil oferto the Management Company
the assgnment of the Adalonal Recevabes included in the sesigement ofer, mic
must meet the Elgiblty Criteria, along wi a data fe dealing the seleted Loans
and thai cnaractensti

No later than on the ft (5") Business Day preceding the relevant Payment Date (the
"Purchase Date”), the Management Company wil communicate the Seller the
acceptance ofthe alsignment of al o part of the Adcitonal Recehable, long with a
Gata fle win the detals cf the Acdional Recelwables accepted and. their
naracteísic, as reported by the Seller

in aetermining vien Additional Receivables are to be included in the asegoment
acceptance, the Management Company vil:

(1) check that the Recelvables (and the Loans from which hey are arising) stes an
the assgnment ofter meet the Elgibiy Crtera (Le., the Indwidual Esgillty
siena n connection wt the Adalonal Receivales, and the Global Elgllty
teria in connection wit te Recetvables) in accordance wltn the characteristics
ota by the Seller; and

(1) etermine che Additional Recelvables that are scceptable and elgbl for
“ssignmentto the Fund ar an amount not exceecing the Acquisition Amount.
Fortrese puposes, "Acquisition Amount” means an amount equal to the sum of the
95% af the Outstanding Salance of the Adaitonal Receiablespooled in he Fund on

tre Purchase Date,

(0) The assigament of the Adaltonal Recelvables wil be ful and unconditonal from the
relevant Purcnase Date ana wil be made for the ente remaining term until the total
mmaturty of the Recelvables, in accordance wi Secton 3.32 of ENS Additional
information.

Forthe purposes ot section:
“Offer Request Date” means the date corresponding to the sight (8*) Business Day
preceding each Payment Date during the Revalving Period on wNich the Management
Company vá request the Seller he assignment of AdaionalRecelvables to the Fun

“offer Date" means the date corresponding to the sxth ($”) Business Day prececing each

Payment Date dura the Revoling Period on which he Sel wil oferto the Management
Company te aseignment of tne Additional Recelvables included in the assgnment os.


ne Recelvabes secutised by means other assigrment to the Fund ar credit rights aiing
rom Loans granted by the Saler to Sorroners fo the financing af, among others, detors
expendkures (Inludng small consumer expendiures and otnernon-deined expenditures),
tne purcnase of consumer goods in ts broadest sense (Induing fnishing home working,
constructon), or tne purchase of geods (including Ene acquison af new and used vence or
Seruices), Which have been grantes pursuan to, Law 16/2011 (and In respect to the
Adaiional Recelvbles, pursuant to Law 16/2011 and/or any other relevant regulations
applicable from time o Eme)

“ne Recelvables vil be direct assigned to the Fund, upon being sold by the Seller ana.
acquired by he Fund, on the terms provides fr in section 3.3 of tNS Adaltional Information,

ne assignment of the Recelables is governed by Spanish common law (ley española
común), Le artes 1,526 er seg. ofthe Spanish Cl Code and artis 347 ana 348 or the
Spanisn Commercal Code,

EXPIRATION OR MATURITYDATE(S) or asserS

Exch of selected Loans mature in accordance with ts partcuar terms and condions, as
se 0. e rl Lon agreement, hu preu e part pei reaymen

ne Borrowers may prepay al or any part of the outstanding balance of he Recewables
rising from the Loans at any me during the term of he Loans, easing as from the date of
repaymentthe acrual o interes on the prepa porton as from the repayment ate.

ne maturty date of any Recelvable vil De in no event later than the Payment Date
corresponding to January 2035 (the "Final Maturity Date”)

“ne Recevables assigned by the Seller to the Fund wil have an amount equal to o sight
Iugner than ONE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED MILLION EUROS (£1,500,009,009) equivalent
to the nominal value of the Cass A Notes, the Cass Notes, the Case Notes, tn Clase O
Notes and te Class E Notes

ne Information about the Preliminary Portolo from which the nital Recelvables o be
assigned anthe Date of Incorporatons located Insection 2.2.2 of AddRional Information,

No Loans in arears il e assigned to the Funa,

Tne Loans e the Preliminary Porfolo have no real estate mortgage securty (garantia
Afotecana);thereore, the information concerning the ratio of the outstanding balance as
regards the appralsal value des not app.

THEMENIOO OF ORIGINATION O CRENTION O ASSETS, AND FOR LOANS AD CREDIT ACREENEAS, THE

The Loans of the Preliminary Pool orginated in 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025 have
been granted by the Seler according to Rs usual procedures al analysis and assessment
the credt is regarding the grantng o loans o individuals or consumer purposes ("Banco
¡Santander Pollcles” which are descrbea here, representing a total 0f 99,5% of the
Outstanding Balance o the Recevable. Notwitnstanding th foregoing, the rest o tne Loans,
representing a tota o 0.5% ofhe Outstanding Balance of the Recelvable, corresponding to


Loans granted in 2020, have folomed risk policies that do no dir substantaly from the
Banco Santander Polis described here.

The adáionalRecewables to be assigned t the Funa wi be granted in accordance with the
Banco Santander Police deserbed in his secton.

ne Seller undertakes to dislose to the Management Company without delay any material
range in Banco Santander Police and to the Notencides and potential Investors, Any
material changes in the undenuitg standards after the date of ti Prospects that afets
the Aduna! Recelvable wie ful disciosed without delay to Investors and potential
Investors, as an extraoránary notice, pursuan to section 4,22 of the Addiional Information,
Adationaly, the credit granting paley Se fort insection 2.2.7 ofthe AddRioral Information
ls maternal modified, t would consttte a Revolving Pericá Eariy Terminsian Event,

"There are no referral groups of good and/or service (grupa preseitore) nat link inancing
to such good or service (e9.,heath centres, master school, prvate unversites, ac.

For the purpose of compliance with the requirements steming from ari 243 of the CAR,
at the time of ther inclusion in the Fund, the underying exposures meet the conditions for
being assigned under the standardised approach and considering any elgble cres is
miigation ask weight equal o seventy.ive (75) percent on an individual exposure basis

Consideratans 0 pre-aogcoved Lazos

This sub-section summarises the key polts in he orgination process o the pre-approvea
Loans. A BImontny selection of pre-approved clents 's underaken wi he last avalable
information, at tne eng of the preceding month by means af a number af polls and using
2 behaviour score and an navidualses li computed on th basis the payment aby of
Ene cent tre necessary data to calcule the elit aná limits le sutomatialy ette
and no documentation 15 requested from the client

General, the mi or the initial amount cf Outstanding lance for pre-approves Loans s
between £60,000 and £100,000, and therefore, any Loan above that mt requires the mana!
approval from a risk analyst Also, the Spec limi for pre-aporoved Loans n the gal
patos es0,000.

wit the apple pales to determine unete tn client Is elige under  pre-approved
loan campaign, the folowig are appled, amongst tres:

(0 clents wit current default th Banco Santander;
(1) default historical data in Banco Santander
(U)  clentin unemployment stats

(1 negative reports from burezus over EUR 150 for banking financial deb, an over EUR.
3500 or other detts (tele-communicatons companies, electrical companies, etc)

(0 default CIRSE;
(a) restructured cent

(4) clnt moring or a company or group under economic problems; and
(li) law ceci qui or insuficint aby to pay under behaviour score;

the cient fas to meet any of the crecía mentioned In () o (VI) above th client vil no
longer be sligible for a pre-apgroved loan. As for the admission of non-pre-approved loans,


apar rm ese erter, ne lenta te opeaten must 9 tough a scorng mode were

Regarding the debtor situation, the Intemal assessment on cents n unemployment status s
made by means of nfows from INEM (governmental unemploymert agency).

AS perth mit or th pre-approved Loan, the computing system contains a logico consider
the diferent welghigs for fecurin iows and those that are less recurrent

“ne vale client expenses are taken Into consideration, adjustes by te recurig nature, in
úrderto compute an indebtednes capacity of the client which then used in order to alcate
the relevant mit for the pre-approved Loan,

Finaly, In regarás the process cf grening the pre-approved loan once the cient has applica
for the pre approved loa, real-time assessment ls made by the risk system under mich
tne grano policy ls agui verfied—and in e event that any element has changes and the
<olvency situation of the debtor does not match with the required siuation Dy Banco
Santander, the appltaton Is dentes. The communications sent by Banco Santander to the
¿ent in connection kh the pre-approved limi, there reference to the right of Banco
Santander to deny the application in the event at te solvenoy suation has changed or
there are recorós in the crei burezus (new or exisng, but Banco Santander coulá not use
ata prior time in order to generate the commercial fr the pre-approved Loan because
te application of data pavecy regulations),

Generaly,aJuicial ciim wil be fla for Loans above EUR 2,000. The sults made by means
at the legal proceecings foreseen for each type of agreements, Le. with or wiinout an
enforceatie te (tulo ejecutivo). e average terms or the dspatch o enforcement seven
(2) montns considering that tn loans are documentes on 3 prvate document

n tne event of fling a dectarative proceeding, the average term for the dlspaten of
enforcement ls tuelve to eighteen (12 to 18) montns — nevertheless Such proceecing s
Fesiaualy used

As per he type o deb, the average recovery terms are the following: (1) 2 to 2 years for
Unsecured deb, aná (1) o $ years for secure deb (especial unen a Judicial process ls
already ongolng wi a particular debo).

Finaly, the folowing summaries the weightng of each recovery method in connection with
the recovered amourts during the last tuelve month:

(0) avaro agudcacn) 0.1%
(0) sattement (ación en pao): 04%
(9 cam settement (feto): 966%
(6 ratnancng: 2.0%

Rial methods and procedures in the review and approval of loans and credit
Faciles

Banco Santander intemal rules contain cerain policies, metnods aná procedures for the
ree aná approval o financing transacons approved by he delegaes risk commit.

Approval he sk ls a pre-requiste fo entring ito any risk transaction with a customer,
“ne apgroval af risk transactons wi customers 8 mit on Customer crec risk, approved


atte corresponding level according todelegates powers, which takes into account the credit
«alt of the ik party or pate, he maximum amount af the transaction or facty, the
maximum term of he operation, the addnional securty contemplatedtheren, the yield and
mer requirements that have been reviewed in orde o apprave tn transaction.

"ne system fr proposing risk transactons is part ofhe process for esablsing counterpaty
risk Imit. Rsk transaction proposal are used by Banco Santander business une and
commercial branch ofices in Spain to process any type o requests for ik transactons wi
Customers for review and decson-malang.

Toe revten of crec risk consists of analysng the customers abity o meet ls contractual
commtmenteto the Seler and other cresta, tus including an analyst e the customers.
rest quaity, the risk transactios, any security provided, and the return to be obtaines in
line vt te is ascumed.

RKIsrevienea and classñed by appyingpreviousiy defined methods or models in Ine wi
the risk segmentsidentinea by Banco Santander.

"ne risk analysis fist takes place via automated assessment systems or decision-making
support systems. ln those cases, in uich an automatic decision does not occur, an analysis
is subsequentiy performed by the Retaller Acceptance Un (Unidad de Admisión Manual)
(UAB) snose re analyst engage in eviens at Ene customer transaction level.

ne risk reviews or analyses require suficient, up-to-óste, comparative and relable
information to permit knowedge of the actual stuaion of each customer, tir customary
sources of Income and short- and long-term forecast. The quantiative and qualitative
information to be analyse wit respect to a customer depends on the risk type or segment
and on he purpose of the transacton, among other nings, and will e diferent in each case,
Batn the commercial manager and the risk analyst must be amare of and use such
information.

ne isk review should be performed each time a new customer/transaction ls submited or
th a pre-establshed frequency, depending on th Segmen involved

Banco Santander applles ntemal, responsible and prudent crterla in risk reviews for
providing finanin, vih inclu thefolowin:

1. Accsptange oftne customer and financs-Vortny atvites, in accoróance vit fraud
and money Isunderng and terrorism fnancing prevention pole, and with the
“Sobal Social ana Emironmental Responsiity Policy. Customers that have been
“fteres” through money Iaundering and terorism financing prevention cannot
úengage in transactions win the Ser

2.  Panfalo sk: Spec restrictions and/or concitons that feature in ne planning o
the corresponding creci prtol Sha be observe, and any concentration mis at
may have been estapished must pariulry be taken into account, In tie regard,
the commercial Serategs Programmes that amnualy determine the risk planning,
siria and polies to apply to such portols are of partular importance la
Standardised risk portfolos,

3. Customer risk: Review ana ciaesicaton of the customer, caes out n accordance
it te correspondiag model, must primary aw for an evaluation o

0 The abilty of customer to comp with the fnancialobligations assumed lo
us time aná form,

9 The payment history and wiliagness to compl vih ns oblgations to the See
aná to cther nstuions during the term of the transaction


An accoréance win applicable law, Banco Santander does not apply any discriminatory police
in decion-making on sk transaction,

“The man cta hat form parto the deciston-making process in tis phase ar
3) Personal detal o pares
21) — Residencyoftne risk para or pares

The Seller policy on this crteron dstnguishes between those customers
o are residen ln Spain and non: tesidents, both veficó and non-verfed,

22) Age

The general cti or acceptance provides that the age of te pare or any
af the partes shall be between 18 and 80 years (both ncluse), Without
guarantors Trensactions are not pproves 1 one the partes Is below 18
Years ot age without guarantors.

This crteron apple to all products, with he exception of red cards for
ahh Its requires tha the pat be above 18 years of age

PJ Tnepaymentcanaciy the risk transaction party or partes

"This crterion takes into account proven Income by the risk partes, customary
expenses and the theoretical rate ol the loan. In adalton, 3 minimum balance ls
recured to cover ordnsry expensas. Tis allows for knowledge of customers
Payment capacty in order Eo meet the nancal blgatons assumec, according ta
nel main sources of Income generation, witnout elying on guarantors, suretes oe
eseto oflered as securty, Which must aluays De considered a secondary and
exceptional route af recovery.

in no case ls considered trat the Income available to the customer air serving
tre debr may invalve a dear imistion to cover the borroners housenold expenses

STi personal. wok and Income stablty of the risk party or parties

“mis crterin considere and dsssiies customers according to their level of work aná
income stability

6) > information from payment aná court files
"Venfcation as to whether the party or partes appear n information from payment
ana cout le, evaluating te reason, whether there was an error, or Ft was due to
lack able o pay; pad, when and in hat amount,

Risk transactons ae not approved for customers without guarantrs who appear in
such lee unless the amount below the Eeshold stablneo in th ik policy for
the produc

“ne evaluaton of the customer payment capacty takes into account unether the
party ar parues has had any type af det restructung lt the Saler ori tner vere
payment inciden ordefau on previously autores transactons

+ Transaction risk: Cera relating to te following wi be evaluated:

Y Reasonableness of the transaction and term: Tne customers request,
contained ln the 1sk proposal, must be consctent win the purpose


reported/declared by the customer. Tere ls an evaluation as to whether the
proposed term and form ot repayment are in accordance with the type of
fnancing requested a well s withtne transaton being finance

n the case of foreign currency loans and crei faces, the repayment
structure and mhether customers” primary sources o income are generate
rom the same o another curency are taken into account, hey come from
anotner curency, the borromer abityto wistand adverse fuetuations in
exchange rates aná the foreign Interest rate must be assessed

Adelsonaly, in the case of loans and cree facies indexed to variable
Interest rates, there wil be an assessment of the Dorrower's ablty to
Withstand potential increases in the Interest rates and, therefore, the
repaymentinstalments.

+ Securty (francia, personal): Adiona security reduces creci sk, gen that
in the case o not-payment by the risk paty, ana by vay of the appropriate
recovery procedures, recovery s possible va the financial Instruments o via the
Secured assets or va the personal guaramees. When a request includes
collateralsaion, at last the folowing vil be taken Ino account

4 Tnetype of guarantee being acceptable in accordance with applicable lav
«Tre financial instrument or the secued asset being perfetyióenttea
Tre amount and value of tn secunty.

«Value fuctuation during the efecivenes of the securty and o ne secure
blgarin.

«Tre reducing or miligatng efec tat has on the sk assumed orto be.

The interal rules govern the management and control o securty (financia, an
personal) with regará to customer Hsks, when assure the legal and financial
Effectveness thereo! and their preservaion during the efeciwe term ot the

= Risk premium and expected loss: The risk premium and expected loss 1o be
assumed ina risk transaction must be with the range of acceptable qualty
established for the corresponding porttll.

- Me arce and other terms af the transaction: In the case of proposed
retructuings of customer debt, the restructuing decision wl maly depend
on the customers Nistry ana the debtors payment complance, on any histary
of adjustments, on the customers aby aná ilingness to pay, aná on whether
ne ic wit tre customer la reduced or mitigates by way ol
Y Payment in part orin ful ofthe mature deb Incuding interest due.
Tie contribution of asálional financial secu.

+ The contribution of other adaltional guarantes.

+ Recuctlon of the risk by means of se o ower-rsk products an terms,

Y Other amendments to the terms oh restuctured transaction that permi
the payment of the outstanding det


n any case, as a general rule, a maximum of one restructuring per year and of three
restrustunngs every five yeara ls estabisned for single ns these me are exceedos,
Unless aue to business or market external conditions, they shall be considered an indication
at serious deterorarion, and consequently must be classified as payment arrangements
(acuerdos de pago).

After ik study decision ls made over the acceptance ofthe transaction and, Ilapproves,
formalsation, monitoring, assessment and contrl are carried cut in accordance win the
poners and duties delegated to the diferent bodies an persons entruted therewitn and
applicable Intemal rules.

n general, the Seller does not permit condo for loans and credits beyona the general
approved Ímis and condiions, though In the excepisonal case that they arise, they are
reviewed and manages as provided forn esch case

Banco Santander Recovery Management
. Introduction

purposes.

This document describes the general sk framenork and the credí risk framemork for
actives relatig to he debe recovery management proce

12 Definition and Extent

Recovery efors constitute a significan function witun isk management at Banco Santander,
as the qualty of portales ls key to the development and growth cf the business, Debt
<olection and recovery management ls thus th subject of special and continuous focus, in
order o ensure that such qualty remains within expected leves at allimes.

Recovery management can be defneó as direct customer management aimed at tne
achievement of the folowng objectwes

2. To maintain and strengtren the relatonstip wit the customer by watering the
customers payment behaviour, especial at the early stage of defi

2. — Tryngto postton the payment of he Group' products and Jor cents credit benaviour,
in a high proty Intel icrarchy, always compling with the current leal fran
“and existing good practices.

3. Contibutingto te Improvement of customer credit behaviour.

4. Correctng ana recoverng past due balance as quickly and cost efectvely as possible,
providing the most appropriate solution or the customers situation.

5. Contbutingto maximise recortes an acnieving a ler, crecble and ise reduction
in the balances foreach portal.

This model covers the actives carted out entrly during he recovery process. t comes
into play the fret day paet due ar when the custamer ls issihes as non- performing for
reasons other than borrower arrers (Subletve non-performing) an ends with recovery of
Ene det (or sale one ascet in tne event of deed In les o forecosue) or a defintive rte
o

“nis model aso covers customers vino have been casa as non-perfomming for reasons
tner than bortower arrears (subjetiva non-Perfoming), even though they are not in


Arears, as well as others for hom the entity deems it appropriate t nie a debt recovery
process.

This model apps across al customer segment regardess of who Is n charge of managing

13 Scope
This recovery model apple at Banco Santander

2 processes and Responsibi

Jas
The recovery acti described in ti recovery model rest upon the faliowing four pilas:

— Recovery sk potes

— Management strategies.

— implementation and monitoring of tne business,

— Comprenensive control and montoring af business sk
The recoveres function ls responsible for deining the strtegis for management as mel as
for business pertormance and monitoring. The recovertes function Is responsible or det,
tnerecoveres state,
24 Strategy development
nte specific case of NPES (non-performing exposures) and, where applicable, foreiosea
assets, the Strategy should Include quantiative objectives subject to deadines for
compláance, supported by ther related operatonalplens. Both he strategy aná the related
operational plans wi be defined and approved by the governing body and reviewea at least
once a year.
To make collection more efiet, the strategy should focus on idetiing the management

levers and seiing the best management channel to aplyto ch customer, Based on nel
Enaracteratics and issues

211 Dbjeceves

Reasonable non-perorming levels wil e estasisnes in he snort and medium term, both in
Felatie and abealate terms

úbjetwes may be estabíshes bot at porfa and aggregate leve. Weaver poso, bot
hnstorical and intemaional references vil e taken nto account when esablsting objectives,

“ne means for estabishing shor- and medium-term objectwes are Inkes to the budget
(snoreterm) aná the srategie plan (medium-tem)

Quantitatwe objectives ll be Included (NPE inows and outfows, recoveries and wite-ofs,
hon-perorming levels) ans leal defina in the strategy, even or repossecced assets when
appropriate

n the case of non-perfoming portal (carteras dudosas) of sgificat agein, a spectc
recucion target must be estabishes, in Ine with the Banks expectaons regarding the
Aagelng of non-performing portolos and, where appropriate, consiste with the ns appetite
for tnese porotos


nt respect, the Sel expectatons place the maximum age of non-performing loans at
Aya

212 Managementieners

To reach the short, medum- and long-term objectives for the diferen portolos, the
strategy considers the flloming (mutaly compatible) management leversto be require

- Cash colon ft should aluays be the st collecton option. The regulation of
3 eot by collection imples the ful or parts cancelan of tn det.

- Bangwa: Modífcaio of the debt conditions for customers wkth financia dficulies,
Fher curent or foreseeable, which may prevent th fufiment other payment
blgatins.

-  Legaloptions:Ltigation management Involves pusulng the recovery of unpaia des
through qual legal counsel and court proceesings; this complements any parale
utorcour activities.

Mes, deedsIn eu and poríalo ales: Finsist management levers,ther use
being fundamental o maximie recovery with high risk pro customers ult whom
the relationship Is extnguished, as vell as when defing acceleatea reduction
srateges ln run-of non-performing porfas or portfols of reevant ae.

213 Management channels

n the recovenes process, there are dferent management channels, both intemal and
external. Some of these are:

— Business funcion: (manager, branches network): meintains contact with the
customerin order to determine the reason why the defaut has rien aná In he eary
tags of amears partcpates inte recoveies management

- Bskfunction: maintins the information related to the customers credit qualty and
valuation up to date and identiñes waring alerts which enable changes in customers
rear qualty to be anticated,

—  Recoveries managers: they are he speciastsn th recovris function, ad therefore
are responsible for defining the recovetes strategy and guarantecing ls correct
execution. As the sta responsible for the cases, the recoveries managers are in
charge o and manage the Iampers uo are managing tel cases and are responsible
for superving and making decisions regarding the Juecalpreceedig.

— Markcut function: They vil be responsible for e management of the clients
included tn the workout permeter,estabshing tn strategy and action plans ta
be caries aut, as well as monitoring their performance, wi the aim of avocing
non-payment or deterioration of he station

- Telephone collection centres (ntemal and estemal to the entry): management
Envosgh telephone contact with the customer from the first day past due ar care,
accord to te strategies def,

Extemal callen agencies ar companis: companies combining extraJueical and
Juaical recovery management for the recovery the debts assigned to them, as vell
25 the management of oredosed assets


— Lawyers ar ligaion law Sms hey are extemal lamyers or cutsourced agencies
which provide legal services and the posshlty of complementary exrajuical

-  Digtal Channels: ops, local units web portas, ATA and any other channel hat use
Bi data, viual asssians, payment platos, voke recognition, geolocalsaton,
analytes, etc

— Porta sales Patol sales of repertarming,non-performing or wrten-of porotos
are also considered for recovery purposes

intenal and extemal staft directly nteactng wi customers must ave the necessary
Knowledge and Sis in relation to the products on ich they perform the actvty, 5 wel as
on conduct pracies ln customers

Adéíionaly, nte case of external service, qulty standards must be apple in the selection
ana contoling process, establting servic level sgreements (SLAS) tna, amonget alñer
things, include far customer treatment

214 Operatlonalplan

Once the objectives have been defined, the recoveries funcion defines the strategies and
resource planing necessary to meet these objectwes, which orm part of ne operational
plan. Ti plan should deal, with suficien granularty, the strategies and ever o execution
foreach of the sub-pontolos, customer segments, channels et. 1IS important n monito,
results to analyse internal and extemal factors tnst may Minder the efecive relsaion
tn strategy

22 Imtegrationofthestrategy

The strategy wll be integrated into the processes at all levels witin the organisation,
including strategic and cperatonal levels

The strategy' essential elements al be communicated to the stat InvoWed, Ti stat wi
be assigned cea objectives and Incentives, geareatomaros compliance win the strategy and
the operatonal plan. Relate to conduct and qua, these Incentives co take int secount
both the quanttatwe as the qualtatve par

ne strategy sigitcant elements will be Inluded and must be consistent with the business
plan and the buoget.

Special attention wi e pata to:

- internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Pracess”, ar ICARP: Al the NPE strategy
gnlicant elements should De in accordance mit he ICAAP and integrated into.

— “Risk Apostite Frame”, where clearly define indicators and RAF limits wi be
established and algned wah the strategy basic elements and objectves,

- Whenever the recovery plan ncludes indicator levels rlaing to the NES, they vil
be alignes with the objectives an the operational plan for the NE Strategy.

— Forti varicus "Strategic Commercial Plans" (SCD), tl be ensure that they are
in accordance wi rest of the commercial strategy,

A Igh level of monitoring and contrl by the risk management functions vil e guarantee
vih regard to draning up and applyng the strategy aná the operational plan.


23 Controlandmonitaring

Dssnboards are avallbieto the recoveries ana risk functions for the montoring and control
actvits, providing an essental toc or the monitoring and contre o recoveres acti.
"Tnese deshioards provide an executive summary Enough a seres of aggregatedrecovenes
metres orthe diferent management segments defina

"Mean, he recoveris function, being responsioe for the recovertesactvty aná business
monitoring, designs any additional reports and dashsoarás needed, deting the ies of
act and variables, togeter th the frequency of he information. Specificaly, designs
the dashboarás needed fr aggregate montoring of th result o actiiis, and fr fet
messurement of actions undartaken at suficin level a detal for deco making.

(reminder of page left intenionaly blank)


riginated by Banco Santander"

(remainer o page let intentona bank)


BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. - Consumer portfolio = Cumulative grass loss

ne fliouing table shows he historical performance of consumer loans originated by Banco
Santander wth simuar characteristics oa portfolio equivalent (oa (as defined in section
1.1 fte Risk Factors) with ne lmtoInorm potential Investors of the performance of the
consumer lean portolo. It has been calculated by dividing () quartery entries in arreses
(including arsers which are crea) over (1) the portfolio of equivalent loans, the exposure
level, oniinated in each quarter showed in the fvst column o the able 1 should be notes
that the relevant hypothess shown in section 4.10 of the Securities Note are consistnt wi
tne data snow ln the following table


oe = === ===



BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. - Consumer portallo - Cumulative recovery for gross loss.

The follouin table shows the cumulatie recovery ate of delinquent loans 490 days tha has
been calculated by aviing () the cumulative recovery of outstanding principal ef elnquency
loans 430 days of loans that have been recovereo during the period between the first quarter
and the quarter indicated in the table, and (1) the balance of outstanding prinapal o
¿ellquency loans +90 days of loans that have entered in delquency In the quarters
indicated in he able It should be noted that the relevant hypotnesis shown n section 4.10
fem Securities Note are consisant win the data shown in the following table




BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. - Consumer portfollo - Dynamic delinquency

Pesoz


EE z

(remalnder of page te intentonaly blank).

peros


Santander Consumo 4, FT. - Prepayments

A dE
E pS
ao a

(remalnder of page te intentonaly blank).

paros


Santander Consumo S, FT. - Prepayments

(remalnder of page te intentonaly blank).

peros


Santander Consumo 6, FT. - Prepayments

(remalnder of page te Intentonal bank).

pers


me

Tne Master Sale and Purchase Agreement and the Deed of Incorporaion wii contain
representa aná warrantes (unen are reproduced In Us section) to be gen by the
Saler:

(8)  Inrespectofthe assigament o niial Recelable, on the Date of Incorporation; aná

(0) inrespectofthe asignment of AdaticnalRecelvables during the Revolving Perl, on

Piscialmer

None o the Fund, the Management Company, the Arranger, the Paying Agent he ol Lead
Managers nor any tner person has undetaken or wil undeake to Camy out amy
Investiatons, searches or other actions to ve the Information conceming the porfa o
Loans or to establish the creciworthiness of any Borrower or any other party to the
Transaction Documents. Each Such person wil rely Solely on the accuracy ot the
representatons and warrantles given by ne Selle to the Funa in the Master Sale and
Purchase Agreement In respet cf, among other thing, Rel, the portfolio of Loans, the
Recelvables, the Borrowers ana the Loan agreements and uh have een reproduced in is
section 2.2 alte Acdtianal Information

reach

Should any ofthe Receivables not compl with th representaions and warranies made by
te Seller on the Date o Incoporation or any Purchase Date, as applicable, he Seller wi, 1
the relevant breach cannot be remedied, be required to ful the tems and condiions
establned in section 2.2.9 of the AGGlLonalInformaton

“ne Seler ls under no cbigattn to, aná wil not, provide the Arranger, the Jomnt Leso.
Managers nor the Fund or the Management Company vih financial or orher personal
information specfic to individual Borawers and the Loan agreements to which the
Recelvables relte, except as provides in section 3.7.1.1

úShoulá the Seler falto comply with appropriate remedial action under th terms estables
in section 2.2.9 of the Adaticnal Information ts may have an adverse efect on the value of
the Recevables and on th ablty of the Funá to make payments under the Notes,

In relation to the Sella

(A) The Seleris acre instuton duly Incorporate in accordance wit Spanien laws in
force aná ls registered with the Commercial Registry of Santander ad in the Register
at Financ Entes af tne Bank o Span.

(2) Thecorporate decsion-maldng bodies f the Seller have valid adopted li resolutions
required to () asen the Recevables to the Fun, and (1) valid execate the
agreements and commiments undertaken heran.

(2) The Saler has not been n a situation of Insolvency, suspension af payments,
bankruptey or Insolvecy proceecings (n accordance wth the provsions ar Spanish
Insolvency Law), nor hs been places or involved in any o he prooeednos on eary
measures, retruturing an resolution foreseen in Law 11/2015 0? 18 June on the
recovery 300 resolution credit insttuons and Investment firms, on the date of the
Prospectus or at any time since s Incorporacion.

(4) — Te eternas audied financial statements for the las two completed fisncial years.
The auators' report for those years are unqualica. re audied financia statements


for the inancial years 2023 and 2024 are depostea with the CNV and the Commerca!
Registry.

(5) as stated in section 3.4.3 below, the Seller shall undentake, in the Deed of
Incorporaton, to comply witn the underakings to realn significant net economic
Interest under the terms requires by arte S(31(2 the EU Secuntsation Regulation
and any other rules at may be applicable, and to notiy the Management Company,
Sn a quareny basis, of the maintenance o he retenton commitment uch has been
inderaren

(6) The sellerhas not selected (with reference to the Intil Recelvables) and wi nt selec
(ut reference to the Adóltional Receabls)theRecelvables with the aim o rendering
Icesee on such Recelvalee, measured over a maximum of 4 years (considering that
the e of ne Funa Is longer than four years), higher than the losss over the same.
period on comparable recevable held on the Sellers balance sheet, pursuant o article
(2) me EU Securtizaton Reguation.

In:elaion 0 he Loans and to the Recelvables asigne 10 1h Fund:

(1) Each Recetvable exists and s ali, binding, cicle and eforceable in accordance
th applicable law and all applicable legal provisions have been observed in the
provision therec, in particular and where applicable, Law 7/1995, of 23 Mareh on
Consumer Creiand Law 16/2011 af 24 June on consumer credit agreements, Royal
Legiiatue Decree 1/2007 of 16 November approving the consoliated ext of the
¡General Law for e Protection of Consumers and Users and any ctner supplementary
laws, and Law 7/1998.

(2) Each Recelable ls owned by Banco Santander and ls otnemise free of any lens and
encumbrances.

(2) Tne ongination of each Loan 3s well as tre assigrment of the relevant Recetvable to
ne Fund have been ana wal De cared cut on an arme" lengt basa

(4) Each Loan has been and ls administerd by Banco Santander in accordance with the
customary procedures that has established

(5) For 99.5% or the Outstanding Balance o the Recevabls, th Seller has fly
comples wi the standard set forth in the Banco Smander Polces described in
Section 22.7 oftns Additional Information ana, for the remaining Loans, representing
total 0.5% ofthe Outstanding Balance o the Recelvable, the Saler has complica
st oriinaton polces that do nt lífer substantil from Banco Santander Policies
described in section 2.2.7 of ts Addlcnal Information.

(6) — None oftneLoans has been granted by Banco Popular (BANCO POPULA ESPAÑOL, 5-1.)

(2) None ofthe Loans has been approved in contrary of the evaluation of the automate
assessment system by an analyst (Le, no Loan has been provided under a forced
approval)

(8) — Each Loan has been approved foiowing the levels of trbutins through th automate
“assessment system vall a the Eme ven the Loan was oginated, Such levels of
tbuton ar Included in the cre granting poiy of Banco Santander describe in
Section 22.7 of the Adaticnal Information.

(6) — No Iigaion proceecings have been commencad on any Loans that may impair the

velaity or enforceablty treo? or that may lea to the appcation of arte 1,535 of
the Spanish Cul Code.


(10) Each Loan has been granted by Banco Santander, in the ordinary course of business,
to individuals (natural persons) resident in Spala at the Eme of execution of the
relevant Loan agreement, for consumption purposes. None f them are employees,
managers or diectors of Banco Santander,

(11) Each Loan is govemed by Spanish law.

(12), Each Loans denominated and payable exlusvey In euros

(43) None of Loans is secured by any securty rg

(24) None af tne Loans has cr hal have an outstanding pencipel balance higher than

(45), None oftne Loans sn arrears.

(46), Each Borromer ls able for nel performance wit al of their curent or future assets

(17) The private agreements or the deeds granted before a notary publ that document
sch Loan do not contain any lauses that prevent the assgament of he Loan o nat
require any authorisaton or notice in order to assign the relevant Receivable to the
extent Banco Santander continues the aóministation the Lon,

(18) No Recetwable ases from a Restructured Recelvable

(49) The Loans are not in default win th meaning of artice 178(1) of CRR.

(20) Payment ovigations foreach Loan are fulfile y direct bank debi from a bank account
nat occur automatcaly and are uthoried by the corresponding Borrower at the me.
ot tneformalisation af the transaction.

(21), Each Borrower has pai at east one (1) nstalment under the relevant Loan.

(22), The maturty date of each Loan ls in no event later than the Final Maturty Date

(23), The remaining term to matuty of each Loan ln no event higher than nine (9) years

(24) No nati from tre relevant Borower has een receive by Banco Santander regarding
the total or part prepayment of the Loan.

(25), None oftne Loans have mátured before ne date os assigament to tne Fund ana the
final mauri ate o uch Loans does not coincide wi sai date,

(26), None oftne Loans have cizuses contemplaing deferals of interest payments after the
assignment of Recevabls o tn Fund.

(27) none ofthe Losns has been formales as financial lease agreement
(28) Each Loan has been fuly drawn by he corresponding Borrower

(29) Each Loan has a Regulatory PD equal to or ess tan sx percent (6)

(20) No Borrower was unemoyes on the date on which he Recevable was granted,

(21), Theinstalments payable under each Recelvabl ae composed by principal and interest
payments ana such instalments are constan None of the Recetvabes is balloon loa.

(82), None oftneRecelvabes are free of principal and/or interest payments.


(23) The Loans are homogeneous in terms of asset type, Cast flow, cre risk ana,
prepayment characteristics and contln oblgatin that are contrctualy binding aná
enforceaplo, wi ful recourse to the Borromers, and were applicable to the
uarantrs tin the meaning of arce 20. o he EU Securlisation Regulation

(24) On the date of thetr assigament, no Borrower has expertenced a deteoration of ls
red qualty, and to te best ot knowedgs, no Sorramer:

(0 hasbeen declare Insolven or had a court grant hise credors a final non-
ppeslaole nght a enforcement ar material damages as 3 resul of misses
payment win three years pro to the date of orignaton o has undergone a
destretructuring process wth regar to his/her/ts non-pertorming exposures
stin tre yearz rior to the date ol trnster or asegnment ol the underiing
exposures to e Funa;

(UD was, at the time of orignation, where applicable, Included on a publ crede
registry of persons wi adverse credt history; or

(lo has a creci assessment ora crei core Inacating that the ik of contractual
agreed payments not being made Is sigificamy higher than for comparable
exposures held by the Seller which are nt secuiise

(85), Each ofthe Loans s classified as "stage 1” in the financial statements o the Seller
(86), Each ofthe Loans acerues fea rate interest.

Forthe purposes of tis section:

*Restructured Recelvable" means a Recewabie where 3 Restructuring has occurred,

"Restructuring" means, wi respect to 2 Recevabl, the forgveness, reduction or
postponement of principal, Interest or fees or a change in the ranking, prorty or
Subordination of such oblgation (together, the "Restructuring Events”) provide tha such
decison, wth respect to the Restructuing Events, wil be made: () WEN regara to the
standards of a reasonable and prudent holder of such obigaton (dlstegardng or such
Parpases the affect of any secuntation ul such Recelvable But taking Into account amy
Secure or colltaralallcable to that Receable); and (1) win the Intent tnat such
Restructring sto mínimis any expected los n espect of such Recelvable

lí at any time after the Date of Incorporation or the relevant purchase Date, s observed
ta any o the Recelvables flled to meet (the relevant Individual Ei Cera (on ls
relevant date of assigament, L., the Incorpoation Date in comection with the Inia!
Recelvabls or the releva Purchase Date in connection wit the AdeiionalRecelvables, as
AappICAE) or (1) the Global Egibity Cteria (on the relevant Purchase Date In connection
vit the Adaltinal Recelvables), the Seller agrees, subjec o the Management Company 5
Consent, to proceed forhwth to remedy sad alu, and 1 aid remesy Is not possible, to
replace or Fedeem tne afected Recelvable or any necessary Recelvables (as applicable).
thereby automaticaly terminating the assignment of such Recelables, Subject to the
folouing rules:

(8) The party becoming aware of the existence of non-elige Recewable, unether ene
Seller or the Management Company, wil naty te other party tarea. The Ser will
have up to fteen (15) Busines Days from aid notice to proceea o remedy Such
ú«rcumstance Is capable o being remectes orto replace the non-elgible Recelvable


(0) - Replacement wi! be made for the Outstancing Balance of the Recelvable plus acerued
and unpalá interest aná any other amount owed to the Fund in relation to such non-
lie Recelvable until the date on ich he relevant Recelvable ssubsttuted

in order to proceed with the replacement, the Seller wi! notiy the Management
Company of the characteristics the Recelvable proposed to be assigneo satahing
the representatons ana warrantes in section 2.2.3.5 o tis Addlicnal Information,
and the Elgilty Catena (both Individual Elgiilty Cotera and Global ENgilty
fte) a set for in section 2.2.2.3.2 ofttis Adalsonal Information, and having the
Similar purpose, ter, Interest rate and outstandrg balance. Once the Management
“Company has uertea that e Elgilty rtena are satisted and afar having expressly
«communicate to the Seller Ent the Receivablesto be asegned are elle, tne Ser
Shall proceea to terminate the replacement of the sffeted non-conforming Recelvable
“nd wal assgn the new Recevable or Recevabls

The replacement of the Recelvables shal be made by means of a deeá of amendment
f the Master Sale and Purchase Agreement or in a private agreement, subject,
respecte, to the same formal requirements established fo the ini assigrment of
the Recewables, and Doth shal be communicted to the CNMV and the Rating
Agencies

(6) HP any Recevables not replaced on th terms se ut in paragraph (0) of his section,
the Seller val procees to utomaicaly terminate the asigament of the affected non:
conforming Recemabie. The termination wil take place by means of the Cas
repayment to the Funa of the Outstanding Balance of the relevant Recelable plus any
acerues and unpald Interest, and any other amount that might correspond to the Fund
until such dat, which will paid into the Cash Flow Account.

(4) — tn the event oftermination  ssigament of non-conforming Recevables dueto ener
replacement or repayment, the Seller wilde vested with al rgnte attached to those
on-contorming Recelvable accrung from the relevant temmination ate.

(e) — Upon replacement orrepurchase o any affected Recevabls, the Seller ul e vested
st sl ngms attached to those afected Receivales accrung from e relevant
replacement or repurchase date

48.34% of the Loans in the Preliminary Porto (representing 51.39% of the Outstanding
Balance of he Loans) are covered by an insurance policy (the "Insurance POlley”.

The events of deth, permanent isablty (invalidez permanente), unemployment, r parta
sabllty (nvaldez parcial), related to the relevant Borrower is covered by the Insurance
polcy. Thertore, n those events he compensatons would be included vitin the ancilary
FMgnts assigned to the Fund, as foreseen in Ib (e) of section 3.3.2 of the Additional
Informatio.

n particular, the compensation has e olioing features depending on th type of event:
(8) a compensaton for an amount equal to the Princpal Amount Outstanding of the
relevant Losn for events dere fram det or permanent cisabllty (invalidez

permanente), ana

(0) — a montaiy payment (mite in terms of certain months) for unemploymen or parta
<sanilty (validez para), for the specit pes of time that the event occurs


e on or mE AS ue mane AS cuantos, So
elsco(s) on cuasaeron(s)

Not applicable. The assets comprise bligaions by more than 5 obligors and there are no
guaro,

DEAN O TME RLATIONSIP BETWEEN TM ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR ANO THE HORROR, 1 TS

here are no significant relationsips concerning the Issue of the Notes as regards the Fund,
the Salle, the Management Company or other persons involved in the transaction other han
rose Included in secton 3.1 of the Securtes Mate and section 2.2 of is Acdtnal
Information.

AF TUE ASSETS COMPRISE OBLICATIONS NAT ARE TRADED ON REGULATEO OR EQUIVALNT nO,
COUNTRY MARKET OR SME GROWTN MASXET, A BRIEF DESCRFTION O TME SECURITIES, TUE anar
FOUND ON THE REGULATE OR EQUIVALENT TMIRO COUNTAY MARKET OR SME GnowrA Marx

Not applicable he Recetvabes d not include transfeable securties, as defined in point (44)
farece 4(1) of MID 1 nor any securtisation position.

IMERE E ASSETS COMPRISE OBLIGATIONS TMAT ARE NOT TRADED ON A REGULATEO 08 EQUIVALENT

"Not applcaole, The Recetvables do nat include transteable securtis, as defined in point (44)
tarede 4) of MIFID 1 nor any Secuntisation positon, mhetnertraded or no

VINE E ASSETS COMPRISE EQUITY SECURITIES NAT ARE ADMITTED O TRADING ON A IGULATEO
OR EQUIVALENT TIRO COUNTRY MARKET On SME GROWTH MARKET INDICE, A RIE DESCRIPTION
DE THE SECURITIES; A DESCRIPTION O THE MARKET ON WNKICATIHEY ARE TRADED INCLUOING FT DATE
MARKETS REGULATORY AUTHORITY AND AN ELECTRONIC LINK VIMERE THE DOCUMENTATION IN.
RELATION TO TME SECURITIES CAN BE FOUNO ON TME REGULATEO OR EQUIVALENT TIRO COUNTRY
ARCE OR SE GHOWTN MARKET; ANO THE PRIQUENCY WITH WHICH PRICES Or TE RELEVANT
SecuRrTIS, ARE PUBLISHED

Not applicable. The assets of the Fund do nt comprse equty secure.

HERE MORE THAN 109% OE THE ASSETS COMPRISE EQUITY SECURITIES THAT ARE NOT TRADED ON A
REGULATEO OR EQUIVALENT THIRD COUNTRY MARKET OR SME GNOWTA MARKET, A DESCTUTION Or
THOSE EQUITY SECURITIES ANO EQUIVALENT INFORMATION TO THAT CONTAINED IN THE REGISTRATION
DocomeNr FOR EQUITY SECURITIES OR UNENE APPICABLE, INE REGISTRATION DOCOMEN FOR

Not applicable. The assets of the Fund do nt comprse equty secure.
no Cas PO come Sraens

Not applicable. The assets are not secured by real property.


Assets actively managed backing the issue
ne Management Company wi not actvely manage the assets backing the Issue,

TAFORMATION TO ALLOW AN ASSESSMENT OF TUE TYPE, QUALITY, SUPICENT ANO LIQUIDITY Or Tue

Not applicable. The Management Company wi not atvely manage the assets backng the

THE PARAMETERS WATIIN NIC INVESTAENTS CAN MADE TE NAME ANO DESCRIPTION OF Tue
ENTITY NESPONIELE FOR SUN MANAGEMENT INCLUDING A DESCIIPTION O MAT ENTITY DXERTISE

Not applicable. The Management Company wi not atvely manage the assets backng the

Statement in the event that the ¡ssuer intends to issue new securities backed by
the same assets, a prominent statement o that effect and unless those further
úsecuritles are fungible with or are subordínated to those classes of existing debt,
2 description of how the holders of that class will be informed

Not applicable. The Fund wi have ciosed-end labs

Description of the structure of the transaction containing an overview of the
transaction and the cash flows, Including a structure dl

The See vil assigntne Recelablesariing from he Loans to the Fund. The Fund il acqure
ne Recevables and wi lsue the Notas

ne subscripion proceeds of the Notes wi finance

(8) vt respect to the process of the Isue of the Class A Notes, Ehe Class Notes, the
iaes € Notes, he Class D Notes an the Clas E Notes the acuisitan of the Inia
Recelvables; and

(0) est respecto tneproceegs ftne sueo! tne Class Note, the setup ote Reserve
Funa up to an amount equal to the Initial Reserve Fund.

“ne Fund vil peioaicaly obtain funas from the repayment of the principi aná interest 0.
the Loans which wil be used () o redeem the Notes and to pay Interest to the holders
there; aná (1) during the Revolvng Period, to purchase Aciiional Recelvabls, ln
accordance wit tne relevant Prorty of Payments.

Tnis transaciln will be formalsed through () the Deed of Incorporatio, by vue of which
tne Fund is Incorporated and the Nates wil De issues, (1) the Master Sale and Purchase
Agreement, hereby e Recevables wll bo assigned to the Fund in accordance uk the
procedure described in section 2.22.3.3 above and section 3.3.1 below, and (li) tve rest al
Fransaction Documents descrbed in secton 2: of this Agdtnal Information

A copy oftne Deea of Incorgortin wil be submites to CNMV (fr ts registration wit tn
fica regsters) an to IBERCLEAR prior to the beginning of the Subscription Penis,

An particular, n order to srengthen the nancial structure of the Fund and the coverage o
the intere risks o he Issue of the Notas, the Management Company, in the name and on


behalf of the Fund, wil execute, among others, the Transaction Documents specified in
section 3-4 ofi Adóltional Information, being able to extend or modiy them in accordance
vit itsterms, replace tre Service and even execute additional agreements, having informes
the CN aná the Rating Agencies n order to ensure the proper operation o the Fund and
performance of E oblgations in the terms and conditns se cut in te applicable laws from
meto time. The above, always without rejudiing the rights of the Notenoiders and, in
particla, ensuring tha e al not result ln the downgrade o he ratings of ne Rated Notes

(Remainder of page ef intentional blant).


— FTSamtander mi
== Consumos

oltial Balance Sheet of the Fund

“ne balance sheet of the Fano at the Dissursement Date wil be as folows (expressed in
cun)

ne estimated Intl expenses o the Incorporatin o he Fund and the ssuance of he Notes
are described in secton 6 of the Securtis Note.

ts assumed that al the Intal expenses of the Fund aná the Issue of the Notes wi be pala
ut of the Startup Expenses Loan n the Disbursement Date

ín the issue and description of the
functions to be performed by them In adáltion to information on the direct and
indirect ownership or contro! between those entities

Partcipates as

(8) — Management Company o the Fund;

(0) — administrator oftheassets pool in the Fund pursuantto Arte 26.1) Law 5/2015
(rotuatstancing any delegation or subcontactng of such functions)

(6) Cateulaion Agent;


(4) — tnterestñate Swap Calcuation Agent;

(6)  coorainator of the relationship with the supervisory authortis and market operator;
and

(O tom tne Disbursement Date (exclusive), coordination of the relatonshes win the
Rating Agendes,

n addition, the Management Company shall be labe (together vt the Orginator) or
the fulflment of ne disclosure obigation under article 7 and 22 of the EU Secuntisation
Regulation and the applicable legslaion, without prejudce to the appolntment of the
úriginator as the Reportng Entity in carge o the futiment of those dciosure oblgations
e setforth in section 42.1 of this AdGtnal Information.

BANCO SANTANDER:

Banco Santander partcipates as

(8) - Setter or Orignatar of the Recelvablesto be acquired by the Fund;

(0) Serucer af the Recelvables in accordance WI section 3.7.1 of the Additional
information;

(o Arranger

(4) — Joint Lead Manager for the Notes under the Management, placement and Subscription
Agreement;

(e) unta the Distursement Date (Inclusive), coordinator of he relaionsips with the
Rating Agendes;

(0 paying Agent;

(9) Funa accounts Provider

(0) Start Expenses Loan Provider;

(0 Suap Counerparty; and

0) Subecrtver of tne Notes not placed among qualfieo Investors by the Jomt Led
Managers, in accordance wi tne provsions of the Management, Placement and
Subscription Agreement

Banco Santander, as Originator:

(8) — wal reta, on an on-gong basis, a material ne economic Interest of not less than 5
(fue) per cent In ENS secumisation in the terms foreseen in secton 3.43 of the

Addkional Information,

(0) - shalitake responslt or the contents the Securtie Note (ncluding this Additional
information)

(6) shallbe bie for compliance wit articles 19 o 22 of the EU Securtation Regulation
“and the applicable legislar; and

(6) has been designated as Reporting Entty and shall be able (together vih the
Management Company) or the fultiment one daciosure oblgiane under articles 7


and 22 of the EU Secursation Regulation and the applicable legisation, as set fort
in section 4.21 tie Again Information.

UniCredk participates as ln Lead Manager for the Notes under the Management, placement
ana Subsiipin Agreement.

BOYA Secunames

BofA Securtes pateipates as Joint Lead Manager for the Notes under the Management,
Placement and Subscription Agreement.

CKeorr AsrIcoLs C18

resi Agricole CIS partcates as Joint Leag Manager for the Notes under Ene Management,
Placement and Subscrpica Agreement

Fiteh and MDSAS Inervene as credn rating agencies rating Class A Notes, Class 8 Notes,
Class € Notas, Clas D Notes aná the Cass E Notes

Delotts nas prepares the Special Secuntiation Report on th Prelminsry Porto

vic partcpates as ausior of th Fund.

Cuatrecasas acts as legal advisr In respect of he transaction structure and has revises the
tax regime oftne Fund establsned In action 4.5.4 o he Regisraton Document and see
tne legal opinion requires under arte 20.1 of the EU Securtsation Regulation.
Pérezlorca acts as legal acvisor of the Arranger and the Joint Lead Managers and has
reviewed tne Prospectus and the structure of e transaton or the Beret one Arranger
and the JoIt Lead Manager

PCS has been appolnted by the Solier:

(8) at as a verfcation agent authorised under article 28 of the EU Securtisation
Regulation, in connection wi the STS Verifcaton, and

(0) preparethe PCS Assessments

INTEX ana Bloomberg shall provide 3 cash How model in omplance wit arce 22.3 af tne
EV Securtiation Regulation.


EDI has been appolnted by the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, as EU
Securlisaion Repostory to sist the reporting obligatons under aries 7 and 22 of the EU
Securisaton Regulaton

“ne gescrgion of the institutions reerred to in he prececing paragraph e contained in
econ 2.2 the Securities Note

“ne Management Company represents that the summary descriptions of the agreements
contained in the relevant setons gue the most substantal aná relevant Information on each
af the agreements, accurtely present ther contents, and that no Information has been
omite which might afec te contents o the Prospecus

Description of the method and date of the sale, transter, novation or assignment.
of the assets or of rights and/or obligatlons in the assets to the Issuer or, where

licable, the manner and time perlod in which the proceeds from the Issue will
e fuly Invested by the ssuer

OIMALISATION E TE ASSIGNNENT OF THE RECEIVADLES
(0 Assgamentzofahe Inia Recelvables

The assgnment of the Inival Recewables by the Seller o the Fund wll be affected on
the Date of Incorporan by means o? the execution the Master Sale and purchase
Agreement, which wil e granted simultanscualy it the Deed af Incorgoration aná.
upon Incorporation o he Funa

4) assianmentofhe Adaltiona Recelvables

Añer the Date of Incorporaton, on the relevant Purchase Date during the Revolving
Pencd, the Fund, represente by the Management Company, wll purchase Addiional
Recelvabls to compensate the recucton in the Outstanding Balance of tre Recetvables
Poole inte Fund upto a maximum amount equal to the Principal Target Redempton
Amount on tre Determination Date prececng the relevant Payment Date, provided
trate Sel has suffcent Additional Receiables to be assigned to the Fund meeting
the ENgbity Cotria cn such assgnment te.

Additional Recelvables wil e assigned to the Fund by means of purchase offers aná
tha acceptance by theFuns, in compliance wah the provisions a () section 22.233
nove; (1) e Deed of Incoporaton; and (1) the Master Sale and Purchase
Agreement

Any expenses and taxes resulting from the formalsation of successive assigaments
dl be borne by the Selr

For each acquisition of AdGivonalRecetvabes,tne Management Company vil deliver,
on the Business Day immediately folowing the relevant Payment Date, the folowing

(1) Vi CIFRADO, the st of Additional Recewables assined o te Fund and thar

(2) Statement by the Management Company and signed by the Seller that such
Adaiional Recelvables meet all the Elgiblity Crtera (Individual ana Global
Esglllty Crta) as set orth n section 22.2.3.2.0tis Acáltinal Informan
aná the representatons and warrantes set foth in section 22.85 0? UNS
Acatcnal Information for their ascgnmen E the Fund,


ne Sellers assignment of he Recelvabesto the Fund shal not be notified to the Borroners
except as forescan n section 3..1.12 0ftNS Additional Information,

“ne assigament of the Recelvables wil De full aná uncanditiosl and for the wnol remaining
peros up to he maturty of ezch Recelable

Banco Santander, as Seller f the Recelvables and in accordance with article 348 of the
Spanish Commercial Code aná art 1,529 of the Spanish Cv Code, wll belle vis-3-45
ne Fund far the exstence and lamfuines of the Recelvables but wil not be responsbi or
the solvency of the Borrowers

The Seller does not assume the risk of payment default of he Recelvables ana, therefore,
does not assumv any lat or th payment default by the Borromers, Whether fr principal,
interest or any other amount due under the Loans nor des lt asume the effectiveness ol
the guarantees or security granted as security there (ay in the future). Furthermora, the
Seller il not in any other manner whatsosver guarantee dret or Indirety the success of
the transaction or ve any seculy or Notes or enter into any repurchase or replacement
agreements as regards th Recelvables, except as described in section 2.2.9 ot Adáltional
information.

Consideng trat "Recalvables" means the recetvablesascigred to re Fund which represent
950% of any aná all of he recelvabes rising from the Loans (as of he Date of Incorporation
in connection wit the intalRecewabies andas f the relevant Purchase Date in comecton.
with the Adóitinal Recevable), the recelvables under each Loan wil e assigned for 95%
(0 efe Outstanding Balance as ol the Date al Incorporan or tn relevant Purchase Date
(as agpicabl) (1) of tne oránary and default Imereet on each Loan, and (UI) of the nights
aisng from any collteralto the Loans, lt applcabe.

Specfialy, and by way o description and not Iimiation, the asignevent vilct such
950% (as of the Date o Incoporaton in connection with the Inia! Recelvables and as of the
relevant Purchase Date in connection vit the Additional Recelvables) o al accessory rights
in accordance with the provisins f article 1,528 of the Spanish Cil Code; tus, fe wil gue
the Funa the following rights as regards the Loans

(8) — otal amounts cue forrepayment of th principal o the Loans

(0) oral amounts due for ordinary Interest on the Loans

(6) oral amounts cue for defaut interest on the Loans.

(4) — ofalictheramounts,asset or ight received as payment forLoan principal or interest

(6) oral possible ig or compensatian that might result n favour of Banco Santander,
payments made by any GUEraNtor, etc, as mel as those arsing from any right

“ancilary o the Loans.

Tnerefore, any amounts recelved under the Loans, vi be alocatea to the Fund and the
remaining to the Seller on a par passu and pro rat bas.

AI of the aforementionea rights il acerue In favour of the Fund (1 n respect of the Initial
Recelvabls, from he Date of Incorporaion by vue of the execution of the Master Sale and
Purchase Agreement aná (1) vih respect to the Adóltona Recelvables, from the Purchase
Date on whch the assigament occus under the Master Sale and Purchase Agreement, which
shall be communicate to CNMV by CIFRADOC.


Any payments made in respect o fees for lame of unpsidinstalments, fees for subrogation,
fees for earyredemption or canceiton and any other fees (nclcing fee or opening, study
and Information, where appropriate) or expenses will not be assigned to the Fund and wi
therefore conse to corresponato the Seller

AN possible expenses or costs that may arise for the Sel from recovery actions inthe event
af ne Borrower fallng to comply with Ws/her oblgatons, Incluaing enforcement actions
against such Borrowers wll be pala by the Fund ans the Seller on par asu aná pro rata
bass.

The siohts of the Fund resulting from the Recelvables ae Inked to the payments made by
tne Borowers under the Losns rom which such Recelvable arise and, therefore are decty
afecte by the evoluon,delays,pre-payments aná any othe ncident related to such Loans,
Expenses arisng rom the colcton of payments default and expenses arsng rom pre-
Judi, Juicl or contentos proceeaingswil be bome by the Server notwtstanding the
relmbursement rgnt vis-3-vi the Fund provided for In Section 3.7.1.8 of the Adgitonal
Information.

Wi regard o tn insolvency of the Ser

(8) — The Seler may be deciared insolvent and Insolveny of the Seler coo affect ls
«contractual eltionsip wn the Fund, in accordance we provisons af te Spanish
Insolvency Law.

(0) The assgament of the Recewables cannot be subject to caw-back other han by an
action brought by the Sellers Insvency trustee (administración concursal), ln
accordance wih the provisns of the SparishInsolveny Law ana añter proving the
existence of fraud in the transaction, as set for n ace 16.4 f Law 8/2015, The
Seller has ts place of business ofice in Spain. Therefore, and unless proo? In the
«ontrary, is presumed trat the centre of main inereets ls Spain

(6) in ene event tna tn Seller is dectared Insolven, in accordance with 1e Spanish
Insolvency Law, the Fund, represente by the Management Company, Shal have the
High of separation wit respect o the Recemables on the terms provided in artes
239 ana 240 of he Spanish Insolvency Law. Consequenth, the Fund shal e eniica
to obtain from the Insolvent Seller the resulingRecelables amounts from the date on
"nicht Insolvenoy ls decreeo being Enose amounts considered Fund' property and
must thereorebe transfer to the Fund, represented by the Management Company.

(4) — Tis rignt of separation nou not necessarly extend to the cash recelved and kept by
the insalvent Seller on behalf the Fund before that date, gven the essential fungile
catar of money.

WNotwistancing the above, both he Prospectus aná the Deed of Incorporaion provide for
certain mechanism in order to misgate the aforesid effects in relaon to cash due to ls
fungble nature as detalle in section 3.4.2.1 0 the Adólinal Information

Section 3,31 above provides tha the Seller assignment o he Recetvable to the Fund shall
ot be noted to the Borrowers, except as foreseen In section 3.7.1.12 of the Additional
Information.

Price oftneasslanment of he Initial Recelvabies

“ne assigament price payable by the Fund in respect of the Intal Recevables wil e an
amount equalto the Outstanding Balance of té Intl Recelvables pooled In the Fund on the
Date of incorporaton.


The assignment price wil be paid in ful before 12.00 CET on the Disbursement Date, for
Value date on tha same day,

“ne payment vil be made once that the amount of the ssuance of the Notes (and special,
Classes A to E) and the Startup Expenses Loan has been transferea to the Cash Flow

An the event of terminatin of the Incorporatin of the Fund, and thus of the assament of
tre Recelvabls, () the obigatin of the Fund to pay the price for he acquisiton o the
Recelvables will be extinguished, and (1) the Management Company wi be obliged to
relmburse the Seller fo any rights that might have bean accrued in favour of the Fund due.
to the assignment of the Recelanles.

"ne Seller ll not receive any interest as a result the defrra of payment o the assigament
price from the Date of Incorporan o the Disbursement Date.

Price oftneasslgnment of Additional Recelvables

“ne AddtionalRecetvables wll be assigneó at price equal to Acguistton Amount as of tn
relevant Purcnase Date,

"ne price must be paiá In ful on the corresponding Payment Date In ich the assignments
úeffectuated, for value that same day, by rediing the pInCpal Account opened with the Fund
Accounts Provider inte name of tne Fund

Explanation of the flow of funds.

How TUE CASH FLOWS ROM THE ASSETS WALL MET THE ISSUE OBLIGATIONS TO HOLOERS Or Tue
SECURITIES, INCLUDING, NECESSARY, A FINANCIAL SERVICE TABLE ANO A DESCRIPTION Or TME

“ne Fund vl atend ll payment oblgatons arísing from the Notes and ts remlning Fabes
by apolyng the cash fows generated by the Recelvables and any other applicable rights o

ne amounts recelved by the Fund arising from the Recelvabes wil be depostes by the
Servicr ino ne Cash Flow Account wit tuo (2) Business Days from tner recelt

"The Fund il beneft from the acaional protection and enhancement mechanisms that are
described in section 3.4.2 belon. Tnese mechanisms xl De applied in accordance with Ene
rules o his Prospectus and thel purposes to ensure that ino cash fows cf the Fund are
Suficent to attend As payment obigatios in accordance with the pre- Enforcement Priorty
af Payments set for in section 37.42 of this Adaiional Information and the Post-
Enforcement Prot of Payments set forth in seton 3.47.3 of Uns Additional Information,
as applicable

Al payments o principal and Interest on the Note shal be made in accordance with the rule
ft Prospectus aná the Pr- Enforcement Proy of Payments et forh In section 3.7.4.2
fs Adina Information and the Post-Enforcement Pronty af Payments st fort in
Section 2.4.7.3 0f this Additional Information, as applicable

"ne usighted average interstrate uf tre selectas Loans intne Preliminary Portal as shown
in table) o seton 2.2.2.2 (Recelvabls) above, amount to 6.70%, unih higher than
the welghted average Interes rate of the Notes (Mich ls 3.24 0%, assuming a 3-month
EURIBOR rate of 2.1439 an 13 May 2025),


a mas ar ocn 0 AVAL Or A UI Sumo

ln order to () srengthen th Anancial structure of the Fund (1) increase the securty ortne
regularty in the payments of the Notes; (1) pata cover any temporary mismatches of the
<checale ot fowe a pncipal ana interest on the Loans and tn interest payable n respect cf
the Notes or, n general, to transform the financial characteristics o he Loans and the Notes
ana (1) ensure tne proper operation af the Fund and performance fi oblgations in tne
ems and condiioos set out in the applicable las from Eme to time, the Management
Company, on behal of the Fund, wll ente nto the transactins and Transaction Documents
described below in accordance wit the Deed of Incorparaton and al applicable lega
provsons.

“ne crea enbancemente inciudes in the structure of e Funa are the folomng:
(2) Reserve Fund

“The Reserve Fund mitates the credt risk dueto payment default under th Loans,
"The Reserve Fund ls descrped below in secton 3.4.2.2 of this Additional Information.

(0) Interest ate Sao Agreemens

The Interest Rate Swap Agreement miligate part o he Interes ate risk arising from
potential futur Inceases of the Inteest rate applicable o the Notes (EURIBOR 3-
month) above the Interest rate appicable under the fred Loans. The main terms and
onaltions ofthe Interest Rate Swap Agreement are described insecton 3.4.8.1 ofINS
Adational information

"Te Recelvables d not include denvatives ana the Fund has not entered nt aná will
ot enter Into any Kind of hedging Instrument save as expressly permites by antic
21 (2) ofthe 6U Secuntisaton Regulation.

Additional, there 15 no currency rsk guen that both the Recelvabls and the Notes
re denominated ln the same currency (€),

Reserve Fund
Use oftne Reserve Funo

“ne amount standing o the crea of th Reserve Fund vil form par of the Avalable Funds
and ul be apple on ezch Payment Date until the Reserve Fund Terminaton Date to comply
vt tne payment cbigations of he Fund in accordance wi the Pre Enforcement Proy
Payments 2et fort in section 3.7.4.2 af tis Adgitonal Information, For these purposes,
“Reserve Fund Termination Date” means the earlier

(8) the Legal Maturty Date

(0) te Payment Date on which tnere (5 no longer any NonDefauted Recewabies
outstanding;

(6) the Payment Date on which the Class A Notes, the Class 8 Notes the Class C Notes,
the Cass 1D Notes and the Clase E Mates are receemed in fl and

(4) — the Payment Date Immedatetyfolouing Ene occurrence of an Enforcement Even,


“ne Reserve Fund wil be funded on the Disbursement Date sit the procseds from tn
abarsement of Clase F Notes

Subsequent funding

On each Payment Date untl the Reserve Fund Terminaton Date, the Reserve Fund shall be
funded in an amount equal to the Requires Leve of the Reserve Fund, provide that tene
are suficnt Avalable Funds pursuant to the Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments

Adjustment of the Reserge Fund
ne Reserve Fund shall be require to be equal o:

(1) — Ontne Dsbursement Date and during the Revolving Periad, e Reserve Funawilihawe
“an int balance uf 1.5% o he intal palace ol he Class A Notes, tn Clase Note,
ne Clase C Note, the Cass O Notes ana the Cass E Notes on the Date o Incrporation
(the "Inltial Reserve Fund") and wl remain constan during e Revolvng Perico.

(2) On each Payment Date up to (but excluding) the Reserve Fund Termination Date, the
Reserve Funa may be reduced and be the higher of (the "Required Level of the
Reserve Fund")

(8) 0.50% of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Clase Nate, the Cass 8
Notes, tne Class € Notes, te Class D Notes and the Class E Notes on the
Disbursement Date, and

(0) the lower oftnefolowing amounts

(0 15% oftne Pecipsl Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes, the Clase
8 Notes, the Class C Note, the Clas D Notes and the Cass E Notes on
the prececent Determination Date; and

(1) The anti Reserve Fund.

Notathstanding the foregcng, the Required Level of the Reserve Fund will not be
“lowed to be reduced on the applcable Payment Date and wil remain atthe Required
Level of the Reserve Fund on the Immeciatey preceding Payment Date If any of the
following clrcumstances oceurs:

(8) — tte Reserve Fund has not been funded toa value equal t the Required Level
fte Reserve Fund on the preceding Payment Date; or

(0) Incase a Subordination Event occurs
(2) Uponamvaloftne Reserve Fund Terminstion ste, 210 (0).

Subordinatian of the Notes.

After the occurrenceofa Subordination Event, the Class A Notes he Class Notes, he Cass
€ Mates, e Class D Notes aná the Cies E Notes wil De receemss sequentiay in accordance
th tna pre- Enforcement Priority of Payments set fort in secton 3.1.7.2 ofi Adina!
Information so tra

(8) — the Class 8 Notes will not be further reseemed for so long s the Class A Notes have
ot been redeemed in fal

(0) — the Class € Mates vil not be furtnr redeemed for so long as tre Class A Notes and
the Cass Notes have not been redeemed in fal


(6) the Class D Nates vil nt be furter rescemea for so long as the Class A Notes, the
laca E Notes and ne Class € Notes have not been receemes ln fl and

(4) — the Class E Notes il not be further redeemed fo so long as the Class A Notes, the
Class Notes, Class C Notas and the Class 1D Notes have not been redeemed in ful

ines F Notes wIl be redeemed with tne available excess spread for an amount equal to
Glass F Notes Target Amortisaion Amount in accordance with the Pre-Enfrcement Prierty
a Payments set forth in Section 3.4.7.2 of tiS Additional Information. Once the Class F
Note are fly redeemne, the subordination of such Class wil no longer appiy.

On tn Notes Maturty Date or upon the Early Redemption o the Notes in accordance wit
Section 4.43 of the Regitraion Document, the Class F Notes vil be redeemea by eppiing
Ene Post-Enforcement Proy of Payments et forth in secton 3.1.7.3 Following such Post
Enforcement Prot of Payments, redempricn of principal of te Clas F Notes mil occupy
tneftsent (15") place of the Post Enforcement Port a Payment

sk eretron nequIReeNT
EU Retention Requirement

“ne Seller, as Orginatr, wil undertake n the Desa o Incorporation to reta, an an ongolng
bass, a materal nt economic Interest fat leas 5 (We) percent. of the nominal value of
each of the securiise exposures in the securtisation transaction described In is prospectus
in accordance wth artce S(33) of the Eu Securtisaton Regulaton, as Supplementes by
artice 4() the Delegates Regulation 2023/2175,

An adalton, the Ser has undertaken that the matrial net economic Interest ela by tha
ot be subject to any credtrisk misgatton or hedgng, in accordance wii ate (2) af the
EU Securtisation Regulation, except as permites by the Delegated Regulation 2023/2175
(ar any related reguaton)

ne retention option and methodology used to calulate the ne economie Interest will nor
range, unless sucn changes required dueto exceptonalccumstances and tt changes
otused asa meansto reduce the amount of Ine rtained interest, In unch case such change
vil Be appropriately diacosed to Nateholders and publened on the allowing website

"ne Deed of Incoporaton ll nclude a representation aná warranty and underakin of the
riginator as to Es complance with te requirements Set foth in atico 6(1) o? the EU
Secursaton Regulation. in adótio to th information se out herein aná ormng part of
is Prospectus, tne Originator has Uundertaken to make avallble materaly relevant
information to investos so that Investors are ae to very complance wit are 6 af the
Ev Securtiation Regulation in accordance wit ate 7 o he EU Securlseation Regulation,
ds set out in section 4.2.1 ofi AdálionalInformaton. ln particular, the quarteny reports
Shall include Information about the HSk retaned pursuant to arte S(1) af the EU
Securlisation Regulation, including information on whic of the modales of retenton ave
been appld as provided fo n ace S(3) of the EU Securtisaion Regulation pursuant to
paragraph to 12) o aru 7 of he EU Securtiaton Regulation. The Seller il undertake
in the Deed of Incoporation to Include n ts webpage (ww. santander.com) (or the replacin
webpage inthe future) reference to the location where alle updated information regarding
the retenionrequirement can e found,

Exch prospective Investors required to Independent assess and determine the suficiency
of the information described above and generaly, in Ens Prospectus, for he purposes of
compi wtn each of te provsions described ahove and any corresponding implement
measures which may be appcabl, In addlvon, each prospective noteholder should ensure


Ut ey comply va he mplamentng provistos ln respec o ne EU Secumisaton
Regulacion

Investors who are uncertain s to the requirements which appy o them In respect of their
relevant Juisaicon, Should eek guidance from tner regultor

"US Fsk Retention

Section 941 of the Dodó-Frank Act amendes the Exchange Act to generally require the
*eecurtzer” ota "eecurtatian transaction” to reta a least ve percent (5%) Ine “eedit
ie of "secuntised ascets”, as such terms are defined for purposes of Eat statute, and
generally pronit a securtser from drecty or indrecty eliminatig or regucing ls credí.
exposure by hecging or otherwise transfertng the crea risk that he secuntier 15 requires
to rta. Final rules Implementing the statute (the "U.S. Risk Retention Rules”) came into
efect on 24 December 2016 WI respect to non-RMBS Securtisations, Tne U.S. Risk
etenton Rules provide that the securtiser af an asset backed securisatio lt sponsor
"The US. Risk Aetention Rules also provide for Cerin exemplons from the risk retention
blgation that they generally impose.

The Seller does not Intena to retaln at least fe per cent (St6) of the crei nisk o the
seculused assets for the purposes of th U.S. Risk Retenion Rules aná the isuance af the
Notes was no designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rule. The Seller Intends to
rely an an exemption provide for in Section 20 of the US. Risk Retention Rules regarding.
hon-US.transactons. Such non-4. transaction must meet certain requirements, including
tha (1) the transaction 's not required to be and is not registered under the Uned States
úSecuriies At; (2) no more than ten percent (10%) of the dollar vaue (or equivalent amount
in the curency in which the secure are Ísues) of al classes of securtes issued in the
securtiaton transaction are sold or transerred o U.S. persons (in each case, as defined in
the U.S. Risk Retenton Rules) for he account or bene of U.S. persons (as defined in the
US. Risk Retention Rule and rferred to in is prospectus as sk Retenton 5. Persons)
(2) nenes the sponsor nor the Issue s organised under US. law or ls branch located in
the United States of a non-US. entity; aná (4) no more than twenty. ve per cent (25%) of
ne underying caíateral mas acquired from a majorty-omneo afilate or branch of the
Sponsor or Issue organised or lcates In the United States

The Seller has advised the Funa that le has not acquired, and lt does not inten to acgutre
more than wenty-fve per cent (25%) o the asstsfrom an afflte or branch of the Seller
e the Fund that l charter, Incorporated, organised or lotes n the United States.

Prior to any Notes vih are Isued by the Fund and offered and sold by the Joint Lead
Managers being purchased by, or for the account or beneft of, any Fisk Retenton US,
Person, the purchaser of such Notes must frst dciose to the Seller and the Joint Lead
Managers that lts a fisk Retention U.S. Person and obtain the write consent of the See
in the form of a U.S. Risk Retenion Consent. Prospectve Investors Shoula note that the
deition of”U.S. pesan” n the US, Risk Retention Rules s diferen from the deiition o
*4.S. person under Regulation S. The definition of US. person in the U.S. Risk Retention
Rulez la excerpteg below. Parcular attention should be paid to causes (1) and (vi), vic
are diferent than comparable proviio from Regulation S

Under the US, RIsk Retention Rules, and subject to Imited exceptions, "U.S. person” means.
any ofte flouin

(8) — amy natural person resident In the United Stats

(0) any partnersip or corporation orgaised or ncorporated under the laws of the United


(6) any estate of wnich any executor or administrator 53 U.S. person (as define under
“any other dause ofi deficon),

(4) — amy trust of nic any tustee ls a US. person (as defined under any other cause o
tn defiion)

(6) any agency or branch ota foreign entity located n the United States;

(O any non-ascrtioary account or similar account (other Enan an estate or trust) ela
by a deaer or other fduclary for the benefit or account af a U.S. person (as defines
under any otner cause oftNS dean)

(9) — any aisreionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a
eater or other Nduciry organies, incorporates, r (1 an Inddual) resident in the
Untes State; and

(0) any partnership, corporation, Imites Kablty company, o other organisation or entity
e

(0 organize orincoporated under the laws of any forein Jurisaction; ana

(U) formed by as. person principal forte purpose of Investig n securties not
registered under he United States Secuies At

Consequenti, the Mates may not be purchased by any person except fo a) persons that are
ot Risk Retention U.S. Persons or (b) persons at have obtained a U.S. RIsK Retention
Consant from the Sellr where such purchase al tin the exempton provided by Section
20 of tne U.S. Risk Retention Rules. Each holder of a Note or a beneficia Ineree tner
cauired ln the ina syndcation o the Notes on the Issue date, by lts acauistan of Note
ra benefical interest in 2 Note, wil be deemed, and, n certain cicumstances, wll be
requires to represent to the ssuer, he Seller, the Management Company, ne Arranger and
the Joint Lead Managers that lt (1) ter () 5 nota sk Retention US. Person or (1) has.
abtained a US, RISK Retention Consent, (2) is acquiñng such Note or a beneficia interest
Enecin fort aun account and not mw view to distribute sucn Note and (3) nt aqui
Such Note or a beneñiial Interest therin 5 part of a scheme to evade the requrements 0?
the U.S. Risk Retention Rules (nclucing acquiing such Note through 3 non-RISk Retention
US. Person, rather than a Risk Retention U.S. Person, as part of a scheme to evade th 10,
per cant. REK Retention U.S. Person mitation in th esempton provide for in Section 20 cf
Ene U.S. Risk Retention Rules described here),

The Seller has advised the Issuer that til not provide a U.S. Risk Retention Consent o any
investor If such Investors purchase woui resul In more than 10 per cent. of he dolar value
(or equivalent amount in the currency In ich the Securtis ar isues) (as determine y
fair vale under US GAAP) o all Classes of Notes o be Solá or transfrred to Risk Retention
US. Person: on the Disursement Date.

"There can be no assurance that the requirement to request the Seller to ies rior writer
consent to any Notes which ae ofereó an sol by the Join Leza Managers being purchased
by, or for ne account or bene of, any Ask Retention U.S. Person wi e complld wth or
val be made by such Risk Retention U.S. Person.

There can be no assurance that he exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S, Risk
Retentin Rule regarding non-4.S.transactns wil e avalabe. o ascurance can e given
as to whether a falur by the Seller to compy with the U.S, Risk Retenton Rules (reardlss
line reason for such falure to COMply) may gve rice to reguatory acton wah may
“cuersl afecte Notes or the mare value of the Notes. Furtheemore, the Impact of the
US. Risk Retenton Rules on the secutisation market generaly Is uncertal, and a ale by


the Seller to comply wit the US, Risk Retertion Rules could therefore negatuey afect the
market value and secondary market quiiy o the Notes,

None of the Arranger, he Joint Lead Managers, the Seller, the Fund or any of ei aflates
makes any reresentation to any prospectwe Investor orpurchaser of the Notas as to uhether
the transactone descr»ed in tis Prospectus comply as a mater o fact win Ine U.S. Ra
Retention Rules on th Issue date or at any time in the future. Investor should consult nel
¡own adviors as to the U.S. Rsk Retenion Rule. No preditons can be made sto the precie
efect of such matters on any Investor or otherwise

lart-up Expenses Loan Agreement
Description

On the Date ol Incorporan, the Management Company, n the name aná on behalf the
Fund, vil enter into a suvordinated losn agreement (the "Start-Up Expenses Loan
Agreement”) with Banco Santander (n Such condition, the "Start-Up Expenses Loan
Provider”) for 3 total amount in an estimated range from TWO MILLION EUROS (€
2,000,000) o FOURTEEN MILLION EUROS (£ 14,000,000) (the "Start-Up Expenses Loan”),
hi val be used to finance the Intl expenses of the Incorporaton of the Fund and the
lecue oftne Notes

Forthe avcidance of doubt, the Inval expenses shal Include, inte ala

(8) — the pre-neége novation Amount, which wil be determined (f applicable) prior tne
Date o Incoporation as explinea In Section 3.6.1 0 he Adáltonal Information,

(0) necessary, te residual purchase price o he Initial Recelvables In an amount equal
to the difference (any) Betueen the nominal value of he Class A Notes ne Class 8
Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes and the Clas E Notes and the Outstanding
Balance of the Initial Recelvables (since the maximum amount of the Outstandrg
Balance of the Inia Recelvable pooleá In the Fund wi be equal o or SIghty higher
tran the Maximum Recelables Amount, as explained in secton 2.2 of the Adgitnal
information),

(6) the registration of he prospectus with the CNI, ALAF and ISERCLERR, and

(4) — other tira partes expenses (uhh include Rating Agencies, legal advisors, auditor,
Arranger, Jolnt Lead Managers, Management Company, PES, cash flow. model
providers, transiatn feee, notarial services and fees from other rating agencies
involves)

ne proceeds o the Start-Up Expenses Loan ll be creta to the Cash low Account before
12.00 p.m. CET on the Disbursement Dat, for value date on the same date.

Banco Santander specfcaly and Irevocaiy waives any right of setof against the Fund nat
could othernise correspond tol y vie of any agreement entered into tn the Fund,


Early Termination

“ne maturty date of the Stat-Up Expenses Loan Agreement wil be he Legal Maturty Date
fine Fund.

wWNotwistancing the above, the Stat-Up Expenses Loan Agreement wil be teminated
(except for the initial expenses of Incoporation of the Funá aná the Issuance of the Notes)

(8) — the provisional crei ratings of the Rated Notes are not confirmed as final by the
Rating Agences on or prior tre Disbursement Date (and in any case, prior to the
«sbursement of the Notes), unless such provisional ratings are upgraded or

(0) fte Management, Placement and Subscription Agreement is terminated in
accordance with the provision of section 4.2.3 of the Secure Note.

Subordination nature of the Start-Up Expenses Loan

ven tnattis Start-Up Expensee Loan sa supordnated Ian, tw! De gostpones in ranking
as regar the est of credo of the Funa pursuant to the terms of Secos 3.1.7.2 and
3.4.7.3 0ttNSs Additional Information, including, but not lmited o, the Noteholdrs

Repaymento! principal

AI amounts due under the Start Expenses Loan corresponding to principal shall be
repayable on each Payment Date provided that tnere are Suficien Avallbie Funds in
accordance wth the Pre-Enforcement Priorty of Payments or, where applicable, Post-
EntorcemenAvalatle Funds in accordance with the Post Enforcement Prrty al Payments
described n sections 3.4.7.2 dnd 34.3 a tn Addiicnal information, respectwel

For carfiation purposes, the Start-Up Expenses Loan may be early repalá in ful on the est
Payment Date provided that the Fund has suficient Avalable Funds aer payment of tem
(A) to (15) o he Pre-Enforcement prior of Payments (set fort in section 3.4.7.2 of tNS
Adeiional Infomation) or, where applicable, Post-Enforcement Avalable Funds, aer
payment ofitems (11 (18) afthe Post Enforcement Prirty o Payments (set fort n section
In section 2.4.7.3 oftis Acdional Information)

Remuneration

“ne Start-Up Expenses Loan wilaccrue an annual interest, calculated on a quarteriy basis,
for each Interest Accrua Period, unica wll be equal to 3 (vee) month EURIBOR (as defined
below) wth foor at 0,00%, plus a margin o 0,13% and vil be pai only 1fthe Fund has
suficient Avallable Funde Ín accordance win the Pre Enforcement Proy at Payments
estanlened in section 3.4.7.2 af ts ASdKonal nformaton, or, where applicable, Post:
Enforcement Avalabie Funds, in accordance wi he Post Enforcement Prioty of Payments
described in section 3.4.7.3 af ts Addons! Information. Any Interest accrued, wNich must
be paid on species Payment Date, wil be calculated on the basis of () the actual days
exisung ln each Interest AccrualPeiú, an (1) year o reo hundred aná sixty (360) days

For the purposes of cacuating the interest payable under the Start-Up Expenses Loan, the
reference rate wi be EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offered Rate), which S the money market
reference rate for depos in euros at tree (3) months maturty (except in respec of the
nta! Imerest Accual Period, were R Shall be the rate per annum obtained by linear
interpolation o tha EURIBOR for three (3) and six (6) month deposts in Euro (roundes to
Four decimal paces with the mi: point rounded up), taken ram the Reuters page EURIBORO!
(or any other page that replces tis page In the future, the "Relevant Screen”). 1 such
page (or any other page that replaces this page in he future) ls ot avale, the Relevant
Screen wi be in ts order- the sletonic information pages offering EURIBOR rates
(pubishea by the European Banking Federation) such as Telerate, Bloomberg or any other


page used in the market to show te EURO Intertank Market at 11.00 a.m. CET on two (2)
Business Days preceding the date of commencement o each Interest Accrual Pelos,

AFI s Impossible to obtain the EURIBOR for such period o Eme, the reference Interest rate
vall be the interest rate resulting from the simple armetic mean f the Interbank ofre
Interest rate for non-transferable depois, In the currency of the Issue, that ae provide
by four (4) leacing banking eniie,

Els not poesiole to apply such reference interest rat, dueto the fact that any f tre four
entits has continuousty fea to provide the statement of quotatons, te applicable interest
rate ll be tn result ft simple arme mean o the Interest ratas provided by, at last,
tuo (2) ofre leading entie,

JE les not possible to obtain the rates estapished in the preceding paragrapns, le vil e
necessary to app th last reference Interes rate appled o the last Interest Accrual Period
aná E vil remain Spplcable as long as such station persas.

Upon Base Rate Modiicatin Event the Alternative Base Rate provsins egulaed in section
4.8.5 ofthe Securties Note shal be appcabl o the Star-Up Expenses Loan

Interest cue and nt paid on a Payment Date wilaccumuate and accrue Interest at the same.
Fate as the nominal interest ate of the Start-Up Expenses Loan and wal be paid, provides
trat the Fund has Suficient Avalable Funds or Post Enforcement Avalable Funds, as
applicable, on the immediately folowing Payment Date and in accordance wii the Pre=
Enforcement Priorty o Payments esablsned in section 3.4.7.2 o ne Additional Information,
+r, uliere applicae, wth the Post-Enforcement Priarty of Payments described in section
3.4.7.3 of Additional Information

The interest rate under he Stat-Up Expenses Loan may be revieued and modiñea annual
starting from the fest anmvereary of the Date of Incorporaton, provided hat Ene Start
Expenses Loan has nt ben repala in fl by such time

FPICIFICATION OF ANY INVESTMENT PARAMETER FOR THE INVESTMENT Or TEMPORARY LIQUIDITY

Fund Accounts
On the Date of Incorporaon, the Management Company, n the name aná on behalf the
Fund wi enter ito a renvestment agreement (he "Relnvestment Agreement”) wit
Banco Santander (the "Fund Accounts Provider”, by vstue of which the Funá Accounts
Provider ml open n ts books the falowing bank accounts (the "Fund Accounts”)

(8) — the cash row Account;

(0) te principal Account; and

(6) the Swap Colateral Account

Pursuant to the Relnvestmen Agreement the amounts to be credted to the Cash Flow
Account vil include, but are not limits o, the folowing:

(2) prinepaland interests on the Recevables;
(0) any other amounts corresponding to the Recevables and to the disposa or use of
assets awarded, or Under provisional administration and possession of the assets

“umng enforcement proceedngs, as wel as all possible rights and compensatons,
including those arisng from any ancilary nghtto the Recelvabies, but excluing fees


(6) tre amount wnicn construtes the Reserve Fund at any Eme, as describes in section
3.22 of this Adótiona Informa,

(4) — the amounts receved under th Interest Rate Suap Agreement (aer than amounts
racelved as cllateral and deposted in the Swap Callaeral Account that vl be applied
in accordance wth the Interest Rate Swap Agreement) 1 any

(6) — the amountsofineretums obtained on actual Cash Fow Account and Principal Account
belances, Many; and

(0 the amounts of Interim withhoidins on the retum on Investments o be efectes on
“xch relevant Payment Date on the Note interest paid by the Fund, untl due for
Paymentto the Tax Acminisration, Nany

Al colcions and payments during the entr He o the Fund vil e centalsed in the Cash
Flow Account

On the Disbursement Date, te folowing amounts will be deposted in he Cash Flow Account:
(8) — the efteivesubseripon pic of Notes issued; ana

(0) — the amount drawn down under the Star-Up Expenses Loan for satstin the intial
expenses o the Incorporaion of the Fund and the Issuance of the Note,

Furthermore, on or about the Disbursement Date, as applicable, the folowing ers wil be
paid out ofthe amounts deposite in the Cash Flow Account:

(8) — the purchase price ofthe Inia Recelvables; and

(0) - the ita expenses of the Incorporatin o he Fund and the ssuance o the Note. For
larfcaton purposes, payments of these expenses wil be paid ae soon as 2ach
“xpense becomes due and payabe.

Tne Funá Accounts Provide, in accordance Wwkh the instructions receled from the
Management Company, shall app the balance existing in the Cash Flow Account on £ach
Payment Date in accordance wit the Pre-Enforcement Proy of Payments or Ene Post
Enforcement Pity of Payments, as applicable).

Principal Account

As described In section 31.72 below, by vue o the Reinvestmen Agreement ony during
the Revolving Period and provide that tneFuna has suficen Avalabe Funas, the amounts
that, ftom time to te, make up the Principal Target Redemplion Amount wil e deposte
in the PINCIpal Account

“ne relevant amount will De transfer from tne Cas Flow Account to the Principal Account
on the relevant Payment Date, ollwing the procedure established in em (11) of tn Pre=
Enforcement Priorty of Paymente in secton 3.4.7.2 o ns Addiicnal Information. Upon the
termination of the Revolving Penod, e Principal Account shall e closed, tansferig the
remaining amount ( any) to he Cash Flow Account

Any amounts received by the Fund as interest accrued on the balances credtea to the

Principal Account applicable il etransfrre to the Cash Flow Account immediately upon.
receipt tnereot


“Sian Collateral Account

Pursuant to the Relnvestment Agreement, the Suap Colatral Account vil e creates wit
any cash colateral to be posted by the Swap Counterpary under the Imerest Rate Suap
Agreement, as described in secton 3.4.5.1 the Additional Information.

Cash standing to the credit of the Suap Colateral Account (including Interest) shall not be
Avalable Funds (except as otherwise foreseen in section 3.4.5.1 of UNS Adsitonal
Information) for the Fund to make payments in accordance wii the relevant Pron of
Payments

the event that tne Fund Accounts Provide for the Swap Colateal Account defauite in ts
blgatioas under the Renvestment Agreement ana dueto suen default, te Fund s not able
to immediately apply tn colateral amount held an such account towards any due payment
to the Swap Couterpay, the amount payabl by the Fund to the Swap Counterpary hall
be paid according to the Pre-enforcement Priorty of Payments or the Post-Enforcement
Proy ot Payments, as applcae.

Interest
(2) Cash Bow Account and Principal Account:

On the Disbursement Date and unta change on ts remuneraion has occurred, the
“amounts deposted n the Cash Flow Account ana Principal Account vil accrue, an
interest equivalent to ESTR - 40 basis point. owver, inthe event tnat such resulting
rate als below (20), he applicable interest wr be equal o zero percent (0.00%).

Forthe purposes oh section, "ESTI" means, n respect on Interest Accrual Ped
in respect ofthe balances standing to the credit n he Cash Flow Account ana Principal
Account, the euro shor-erm rate equal to the ovemigh ate as calculates by the ECA
and appesring on the relevant screen page on th fs (1*) Business Day of he month
On mich Such Interest Accrual Period begins, In case ESTR ceases to be provided
permanent or Indefitey, any menton o that reference rate hal be understocd as
fade to the rate (induswe of any Sprezds or adjusiments recommendes by the ECS
(or any successor administrator] in replacement the ESTR as published or provided
by the administrator ereot

The applicable interest, as defined above
(0 vt be caeulated on the asis of 2 365-0ay year;
(0 snallacerue on a daly basis; and

(l) shall be crected monthly by the Fund Accounts Provider from the Cash Flow
Account and Principal Account on the fs (1%) day o each calendar month ar
trat days no a Business Day the next immediately following Business Day.
The fune, acting through Ine Management Company hereby, Inevocably
uthonsestne Fund Accounts Provider to deb rom the Cash Flow Account and
Principal Account the amount of any accrued interests in favour of the Fund

(0) uan Colteral Account:

On the Disbursement Date and unta change on ts remuneraion has occurred, the
“amounts depostd in the Swap Callateral Account from time 10 tme il nt accrue
“any interest s long as the Funds Account provider s Banco Santander, Neverreles,
in the event of replacement of Banco Santander as Fund Accounts Provider, Such fund
accounts might acrue Interest


(6) Change afremuneratio af the Fund Accounts:

Notathstanding the provisions set cut above, the Fund Accounts can change ts
remuneration under he Relnvestment Agreement, n which case the new Interest rate
il se reported by Banco Santander, r the Management Company, 38 the case may
be, to te rest oftne parties. 1Fthe remuneration 1 negative, is wl be considered a
Funa expense.

Bating Agencies Criteria for the Fund Accounts Provider

n the event that the rating of he Fund Account Provider or of the replaciag entry n which
the Funa Accounts are opened s doungraded, at anytime ing the Ie the Notes issue:

(8) — belon ss (rign) acording to he minimum NDBAS rating (the "MDBRS Minimum
Rating") which shall e the higher o:

(1) IFtoe insttuion has a long-term crtial blgaion rating (COR) from MOBRS,
tre nigher af () a rating one noten below such COR, (1) the nsttution'sIssuer
rating or long-term senor unsecurd det rating aná (l) he Institutions longe
term depost rating

(2) If along-term COR ls nt avalable from MDBRS on the Insttution, the higher of
(the insurutin' ser rating ( avalible), 1) ts long-term senior unsecured
ett rating ana (1) deposte rating; and

(8) If MDBRS does not maintain publ rating forte istuion, the prwvate rating
or internal assessment performed by MDBRS; or

(0) — belon () long-term depost rating, avalabl, o A- or, no long-term deposit rating
is avelable, a long-term ssuer default rating of A- or (1)  Short-term depost rating,
If avelable of FL, or no shortterm depost rating Is avalable, a Shortterm Issuer
etaultrating of FL assigned by Fic (each “Fitch Minimum Rating"),

the Management Company sha, after notiying the Rating Agencies, adopt one ofthe options
described below o alow an appropriate level of guarantee to be maintained wth respect to
the commitments relating to the Fund Account, In order for the ratings gven to the Rated
Notes by the Rating Agencdes not to be aduersely aces

(8) wthin shty (60) Calendar days from the day of ne occurrence o any af the
abovementoned events, obtln from an Isttton with a long-term depost rating:

(0 OF MDBAS Minimum Rating ar higher; and/or
(0 wena Fic Minimum Rating ar higher;

an uncondional aná Iirevocabl st demand guarantee secuing, upon request of the
Management Company, the timely performance by the account holer ot obligation
to repay the amounts depostes Mheren, for as long as the account holder remains
oungrades

(0) mt shty (60) calendar days from the day of the occurrence of any of the
abovementoned events, transfer the Fund Accounts to an Insttution wi a long-term
epost rating:

(0 OF MDBAS Minimum Rating ar higher; and/or

(0 wena Fic Minimum Rating ar higher;


and the Management Company wi arrange the highest possise return for the balance
fte Fund Accounts, which may be lomer, equal o or Aigher than that arranged wit
the Fund Accounts Provider (or the replacing entity ln which the Fund Accounte are
openes).

Inti regar, the Fund Account Provider (or the replacin entty n which he Fund Accounts
are openee) Shall Irewccabiy agree to notiy the Management Company o any change or
removal ls rating gen by the Rating Agencies forinuth upon that occurence tiroughout
Ene Mt of te Rated Notes issue

Alicosts, expenses and taxes incurre dus tot execution and formalisaton o the previous
ptos WI e bone by Banco Santander or applicable, y the Subsequent holder ol the
Fund Account.

Other replacement events for the Fund Accounts Provider

n the event tnat ne Fund Accounts Provider (or of the replacin enty In which the Funa!
Accounts are openeé) () default in ts blgatons under the Relnvestment Agreement, or
(Us subject to any Insolvency Event, he Menagement Company wl uses best endeavours
to trenter the Fund Accounts to an Insttucon With () MOBRS Minimum Rating or higher
and/or et Fitch Minimum Rating or igher.

ne Senvcer, as collection agent on behalf of the Fund, wil collect any amounts for both
principal and Interest under the Recetvabls pal Dy the Sorowers, as well as any amounts
corresponding to the Funa, an vil proceed to inmeciatly depost Such amounts ino the
Cash Flow Account, as applcabi, win uo (2) Business DSyS from tel rece

ne Services will not pay, in any cae, any amount to the Fund that the Service has not
previous receved from the Borrowera n respecto te Loans

the holder of the Receiv
he Servicer ol their obligations.

ch by th

The Serucer wil apply the same level of experise,dilgence and procedures for making a
calm or te amounts due and unpaió on the Receivables as for the rest of loans contain
in ts portfolio

n particular, once the relevant periods for out-o-court actions to obtain payment o unpaid
amouns under the Recetables have elapsed without having recovered the relevant unpald
amouns, the Service wil bg any legal actions required for such purpose. 1n any case,
the Service ll bring the aforementoned legal actions, after having analyse the specite
crcumstances of the case, the Management Company, on behalf f the Fund and ln
Agreement with Banco Santander, deems tt appropriate

The current recovery processes applled by the Servcer are included In section 227.3
(Arears, recovery and prepayment information fo consumer and fnancingleans oginated
by Banco Santander) of ti Adóional Information,

(2) — Action against ne Sentcer
The Management Company, for aná on behalf the Fund, may take action against the
ercer here the reach of the oblgatian to pay any principal repayment and interest

and any cther Loan amounts paid by the Borromers dueto the Fund does not result
rom default by the Sorromers and is atrbutable to the Service.


"The Sencer wil not be hable for such actions in case such breach ls caused as a
consequence of the complance by the Servicer with the Instructions Given by the
Management Company.

(0) Actons in case of non-payment of the Loans

The Management Company, for and on bensif af he Fund, may take all the legal
actions arsng from the Owners of the Recelvables, in accordance with the
legsiation in force.

For the above purposes the Management Company as responsible for servicng aná
managing the Recewablespursuant to artice 26.10) of Law 5/2015, shal grant in the
Deea of Incororaton a power of attomey as broad as permites by law in favour ol
the Servicer, so Ena the Service, acting through any o ts attoneys dul empowered
for sue purpose, falwing the instructions of tre Management Company, In te name.
and on benalt cf tne later, or in is cun name albet on benal o the Management
Company, as the autorised representative o the Fund, may demand any Borrower in
or out ofcourttopay tn debt and take legal action against the same, and If applicable
to the guarantor, in adeion to any other pomers requires for the parformance o ts
uties as Service. These powers may also he grantes under a document separate from
the Deed of Incoporatin or may be expanded and modifed, Il necessary, for the
pertormance of sueh dute.

Additional, Banco Santander undertakes to inform tne Management Company, on
behalf tre Fund, on  quarery basis, of any payment default, eay resemptions
and adjustment of the interest rates and term of matunty, and to provide Eimely
information regarding payment demanás, eres notices gven to the borrower, leal
actions, and any aber Crcumstances Aafteing the Loans (Induang the Sale af
Defaulted Recevables). Futhermore, the Server wil provide the Management
Company wit al the documents tnat the later might request in relation to Ene Loans
and, in parscuar, the documents that the Management Company might nee for the
purposes o bringing any legal actions

The Service sha, as a general rle, comence the relevant legal proceedings for
a peras of Eme af sl (5) montns, the Somoner in default of hia/her payments
oslgatons fal to resume payments, and the Sericer win the Management
«Companys conser, falso obtain payment undertaling Satifactoryto the interests
ttne una

Additional, Defaulted Recelvables may be so by the Fund, represented by the
Management Company, to tir parties (drety o Indrectiy) in accordance wit the
applicable recovery processes appld by the Sevier (are includes in section 2.2.7.3
fine AdátionsInformaton) aná in accoréance wi prevallng market conditions and
atan ams lengt transaction (and, for ne avoldance of dot, wiout the need to
ttaln tre consent of the Noteholders or otr credits of the Fun). An amount equal
to the proceeas obtained from such sale shall amount to recoveres to be considered
tin mb (2) of the Avalable Funes dei.

secuRrmES Im queso.

Source and application of funds on the Disbursement Date and until the first Payment
Date, excluded

(0 sources
“ne Funa snallrecetve funds forte foiwing concept

(2) Disbursement ofre subscription price of the Notes.


(0) — Drawdomn oftne principal o he Stat-Up Expenses Loan,
CU) Application:

“ne Management Company shallthen apply the funds described asove to make the folawig,
payments

(2) — Payment ofthe purchase price o he Inial Recelvables,

(8) — Payments of expenses incured in the Incorporation e the Fund aná the ssue and
“admission of the Notes, uNich WII be paid as soon as ezch expense Becomes due and
payable

(0) Funaig of the Reserve Fund by cren the Cash Flow Account n an amount equal
to the initial Reserve Fund.

(8) — Payment ot ne Pre-Heage Novaton Amount ( applicable in accordance wtn section
3.4.8 of the Acdticnal information).

Source and application ol he funds from the fist Payment Dat, inclusive, until the last
Payment Date or the iquidation o the Fund, excluded!

(0 sources

The avallabe funds to comply with the payment obigatios o the Fund pursuant to the pre-
Enforcement pronto Payments (the “Avallable Funds”) shal mean an amount calculated
on the Determination Date Inmediatly prececing the relevant Payment Date and const of
the agregate (thor double counting)

(2) — prinopal ana interest (ordinary ana deta) oliscons from the Recetvables receive
ug the Determination Peñod immediately preceding Such Determination Date
(including any recoverle such s any purchase price receles by tha Fund for the sale
Fany DefaultedRecelvabls)

(0) the retum eamed during the Determination Pericd immediately preceding such
Determination Dat on amunt depostes ne Cas o Account aná e Pinal
Account, Mrany;

(6) amounts constituting the Reserve Fund on such Payment Date as detal in section
3,4.22 of ts Adetianal Information;

(8) — any amount, ctner than those referred to In tem (3), aísing from tne Recelvables;

(6) any amount hela in the Principal Account s of the preceding Determination Date

(O the services Event Reserve Amount (as tis term Is define in section 3.71.14 low),
tor the soe purpose o? finacing the Serucer Fee If there s replacement of Banco,
Santander se Senvcer, se se forth in section 3.4.7.4 a the AdGltonal Information

below; and

excluding: ne

(0 any colateral amount provided by the Swap Counerpany; or

(1) any Swap Replacement Praceeds received by a replacement Swap Counterparty
in those events as provided n the Interes Rate Swap Agreement;


provides tnat,folowing any applcaton af the amounts describes in () anajor (1)
above towarés payment of any premium payable toa replacement Swep Counterparty
in consseraion fort enterin nto an Interes Rate Swap Agreement with th Fund on
the same terms as he Interest Rate Suap Agreement, any remaining amounts shall
form part of the Avalble Funds. For the avoldance of doubt the amounts describes
in () cout oy be applcatowarás payment o any premium payablet a replacement
Swap Counterpaty in case of eary terminatio of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement
belng the Sap Counterparty the Affcted Party or the Defaultng Pary (as these terms
are defines inte Interest Rate Snap Agreement),

Recoveries, s referred to n paragraph (2) above, means any recovenes received in respect
ata Defaulted Recelvable up to an amount equal to the notional Outstanding Balance of such
Defaulted Recelvable (nclucing as result af e sale thereo)

(1) Application:

ne Avalable Funds shall e applied on each Payment Date to meet the following payment
blgarios (te "Pre-Enforcement

(1) Payment of any applicable taxes, ly Jus,
(0) Paymento:

(0 ona prostata basis, the Ordinary Expenses and Extraordinary Expenses of the
Func, Paying Agents fee and the period administration es the Management
Company; ana

(U) ifthere 1 a replacement of Banco Santander as Servcer the Servicers Fee,
ich snallbe pal at fat instance from the Servicer Event Reserve Amount,
ana subsIdary wii Avalable Funds upon Insuficency o the Senucer Event

(8) in or tonards payment of any one-af and/or perile amount due to the Suap
Kounerparty under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, Incdino, amongst omners,
payment ofthe amount determined pursuant to Section (6) the Interest Rate Swap
Agreement in case o early terminaion (1) Such amount s payable byte Issuer to
the Swap Counterpary, (2) the Swap Counterpay ls nota Defaultng Party (as ts
term Is deines in the Interest Rate Suap Agreement) and (3) tere s no avalable
coliteral deposted in the Swap Collateral Account for Such payment (once the
Colteral posted by the substuted Suap Counterpary has been retumed and the
estan Sn rta segs (Fan) vero Sp heces

(4) — Payment of Imerestacerued on the Class A Notes.

(5) Payment of Imerestacerued on the Class Notes.

(6) — Payment of Imerestacerued on the Class € Notes

(2) Payment ot Interes acerued on the Class Notes.

(8) — Payment of interest accrued on Class E Note, which shal e defrred to the 12% place
below the folomng two conditions are simultansousy met: () Cass E and Clase F
Notes Interest Deferral Trigger has occured; and (1) Class E Notes ls not the Most

Senor Clase of Notas

For tnese purposes, Class E ana Clas F Notes Interest Deferral Tngger means a
umulatve DefaieRato igher than 4.25%,


(6) — Repleishment of the Reserve Fund up o amount equal to the Required Level of the

(10) Payment of interest accrued on Class F Notes, which shal e deferred to the 13% place
Deo

(0 a ciaes ana Class Notas Interest Deferal Trigger has occurrc, provided trat
las F Notes a nat the Most Senior Cass of Notes; or

(1) tre Required Leve f the Reserve Funa ls equal to .

For tnese purposes, Class E ana Class F Notes Interest Deferral Tngger means a
Cumutatve Default Rato igner than 4.25%,

(21) Dustng the Revolvng Period: principal Target Redemption Amount to be apple to:

(0 in tnefest pace, to pay the Acquistton Amount o the AddtionalRecelvabes,
provides tna the Ser has fferes suficien Additional Recetvables (compljino
tte Elgibly Crtera)to be assigned o the Fund;

(UD in the second plac, to fund the Principal Account up to a maximum amount
qual to ie per cent (5%) of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Rates
Notes on the Inmedatey receding Determination Date; aná

(in het place, t redeem on a pro-rata bass the Cass A Notes, the Class 8
Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes and he Class E Notes.

After the Revoling Pericd

(0 Principal Target Redemption Amount to be applied pro-rata to the redemption
of the Class A, Class 8, Class €, Class D and Class E Notes, Unless a
Suboréination Event has occurea.

(0 On any Payment Date folowing the occurence of a Subordination Even, the
Principal Target Redemption Amount vil be applied n the frst place to amortise
the Class A Notes until el ful redemptin, inte secon place to amortise the
Class 8 Note untl tner ul redempto, in the tá place to amortise the Class
E Notes untl their ful redemption, in the four place to amoruse the Class O
Notes untl their ful redemption aná in te ft place o amortse th Class E
lotes untl Ent al recemption

(12) Upon the occurence of a Class E aná Class F Notes Inteest Deferal Trigger and
provided tt Css E Notes is not the Most Senlor Class of Notes: payment o ntrest

(43) Payment of Interest acerueó on Class F Notes upon the occurrence af any of tne
following events.

(0 Class £ aná Class Notes Interest Derral Trigger has occured, provide that
laz F Notes e not the Most Senlor ace of Notes;

(1) tre Required Leve the Reserve Funa ls equal to .

(24) The Cises F Notes Target Amortsaton Amount, untl the Cass F Notes are fuly
raccemed,

(15), Payment of Interest accrued and payable by vrue of he Start-Up Expenses Loan
Agreement


(16), Payment af principal acerued and payable by virtue of the Star-Up Expenses Loan
Agreement

(47) tn ortowards payment of any one-of ana/orperiodic amount determined pursuant to
the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, including, amongst others, payment of the amount
determined pursuant to Section (6) of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement in case of
any terminain 1 (1) payable by the Issuerto the Swap Counterparty, (2) the
Swap Couterparry ls a Defauing Party (as ti term s defined in the Interest Rate
Suap Agreement) and (3) there 's no avallble colateral deposted in the Snap
olateral Account for such payment (once the colateral posted by the substitute
Snap Counterpaty has been rtumed and the subettuting Swap Counterpaty has
poste (any) the relevant Sap Replacement Proceeds)

(18) Payment ofthe Seruicers Fee assuming there is no replacement of Service.
(49) Any Fnancal Intermectaton Margin o te Saler

(li). Fallureo comply with the obilgation to pay Interest.

n the event that, on a Payment Date, the Avallble Funds are not suífient to pay the
interests accued ón the Notes as well as the Interest accrueo and payable an the Start-Up
Expenses Loan Agreement, according to the pre-EnforcementProrty ol Payments estables
above, e amounts that the Notenoiders or Star-Up Expenses Loan Provider have not
Fecened wil be added on the following Payment Data to the Interest that I applcabe, must
be pai on that Payment Date, and wal be paid on the folowng Payment Date on nic the
Funa has suffiine Avalable Funas to make such payment, an by order of matuoy 1 ts
ot possible to pay them in ful dueto lack o Avalable Funds n accordance with the Pre=
Enforcement prior o Payments

Post-Enforcement Priority ol Payments
(0 sources

*Post:Entorcement Available Funds" ll mean the sum of (3) te AvalableFunde and
(6) any amounts obtained from the Iquidation of the remaining Recelvables or any cer
Asset tt belongs o th Fund, as provided on Section 4.4.3 of the Registration Document.

(o Application:

Upon the Legal Maturly Date or ollwing the occurence of an Enforcement Event he Post-
Enforcement Avalble Funds il be apple or provides for n accordance wi ts folowing
order of priority (tne"Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments”):

(1) Payment of any applicable taxes, ly Justa.
0) Payment:

(0 the Ordinary Expenses and Extraordinary Expenses of the Fund, whether or not
paid by tne Management Company and duly Justied, including. ne
Saminitaton fee in favour of the Management Company,

(U) if there a replacement of Banco Santander as Servcer the Servicers Fee,
ich snallbe pal at fat instance from Ene Servicer Event Reserve Amount,
ana subsidlary wit Avalable Funds upon Insuficiency o the Senucer Event

According to tis ranking, Banco Santander wi ony be pal, n connection vt Ene
serung of the Recewable, those expenses that lt has paid Ín advance on behalf of


e Funa aná any amounts tt must e rtured o th Borrones; sl af them du)
Justified. "

(8) in or tonards payment of any one-af and/or perile amount due to the Suap
Kounerparty under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, Incuding, amongst omners,
payment ofthe amount determined pursuant to Section (6) the Interest Rate Swap
Agreement in case o early terminaion (1) Such amount s payable by the Isuer to
the Swap Counterpary, (2) the Swap Counterpay 1 nota Defaulung Party (as ts
term Is deines in the Interest Rate Suap Agreement) and (3) tere s no avalable
collteral deposted In the Swap Collateral Account for Such payment (once the
Coliteral posted by the substuted Suap Countespary has been retumed and the
ubsttuting Swap Counterpary has depostea (any) the relevant Swap Replacement
Proceeds)

(4) — Payments of Interest accrued on the Class Notes

(5) Redemption of principal of tre Class Notes

(6) — Payments of Interest accrued on the Class 5 Notes

(2) Redemption af principal of tve Class 5 notes

(8) — Payments of Interest accrued on the Class C Notes

(8) — Redemption of principal of tve Class C Notes.

(10) Payments of Interest accrued on the Class D Notes.

(21) Redemption of principal of tve Class O Mates.

(12) Payments of Interest accrued on the Class E Note,

(43) Redemption f principal of tve Class E Notes

(14) Payments of Interest accrued on the Class F Notes.

(45), Redemption af principal of tre Class F Notes.

(16), Payment of Interest accrued and payable by vrue of he Start-Up Expenses Loan
Agreement

(47) Payment of principal acerued and payable by virtue of the Star-Up Expenses Loan
Agreement

(18) tn ortowards payment of any one-af ana/orperioic amount determined pursuant to
the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, including, amongst others, payment of the amount
etermined pursuant to Section (6) of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement in case of
any terminain 1 (1) ts payableby the Issuerto the Swap Counterparty, (2) the
Swap Couterparty ls a Defauing Party (as this term s defined in the Interest Rate
Suap Agreement) and (3) there ía no avallae ollateral deposted in the Snap
olateral Account or such payment (once the colateral posted by the substitute
Snap Counterpaty has been rtumed and the subetuting Snap Counterpany has
¡eposte (any) the relevant Swap Replacement Proceeds)

(49) Payment ofthe Seruicers Fee assuming there is no replacement of Service.

(20) Any Fnancal Intermectaton Margin o te Saler


n the event that, on a Payment Date prior to the curent Payment Date, ay tem had not
been pal, the Pre-Enforcement Proy of Payments or the Post Enfoícament Prior of
Payments s applicable, establish in ti section wi be say followed, Starting from the

her rules- Replacement of Services
Banco Santander Is replaced as the Sericer of the Recelables by another entty not
forming par of Banco Santanders consoligates group, a ee will be accrued in favour of the
ex Sence, appeariog inthe second (2") place af the Pre-Enforcement Prarty a Payments
rte post-Enforcement Prorty of Payments set out in Sections 3-1.7.2 and 3-4..3 above,
as applicable

For clrification purposes, the Senvicer Fee acerued in favour of the new Servicer shall be
paid a rs instance from the Servier Event Reserve Amount, and subsidarly wit Avalable
Funds upon Insuficency o the Service Event Reserve Amount

Expenses ol the Fund

"ne following ls nt an extsustve lt, ana sal e consirea ordinary expenses of tne Fund
(te "Ordinary Expenses”)

(8) expenses ariing from compulsory administrative veriicaons, registrasons and
“utnoratons other than payment o te nal expenses far re Incorporation af the
Fund and iscuance af the Notes), and aémsion expenses an the ongomg es payable
to the EU SecurtisarionRepostory,INTEX and Bloomberg;

(0) expenses relung to Ine keeping of the accounting recorás of th Notes, for their
“admision to trading an any organised Secondary market, and or the maintenance.
nece

(6) expenses rising fro the annual audas oftheFund's financial statements;

(4) - expenses rising rom the Rating Agencies fees for the monitoring and maintenance of
the ratings for the Notes;

(6) — expenses rising Iron the redemprion of the Notes;

(O expenses related to any noices and announcements that, in accordance wth the
provsions of ts Prospectus, must be gluen to the holders of outstanding Note;

(0) — the paying Agent' fees, expenses arisng from replacement of the Payng Agent hen
removed by the Management Company aná the Management Company' fees;

(0) any partofine PCS fee nat id Intl; and

(Din general, any ter expenses bome by the Management Company and arising from
ls ties relating o the representaton and management of the Fund

úAltough the actual amount of Ordinary Expenses cannot be determined in advance as wi
depend en, among others ed and variable factor Inked to tre Ovtstanding Balance of the
Recelvables, the maximum amount of Ordinary Expenses er year which cou be Incurrea
by tn Fund is estimated in 0.10% of te Outstanding Salanc of te Recelvabls

ne following tems are considered as extraoróinary expenses (the "Extraordinary
expenses”)


(8) - expenses, any, arising from the preparation and execution o he amendmentsto the
Deed ot Incoporation and the agreements, aná the execution of any additional
agreements

(0) — the amount of ne intial expenses f ncorporatin of the Fund and Issuance of Notes
exceecing the pincial amount of the Start-U Expenses Loa;

(6) the xtracranary expenses of audts and leal advice

(4) - expenses required to enforce the Loans anaJor the guarantess or security thereunder
and expenses aíing from any recover actions; and

(6) in general, any other extraorinary expenses borne by the Fund orby the Management
Company for and on benalr of the Fun.

Interest Rate Swap Agreement
General

On or about the Date of Incoporaio, the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund,
Shall enterito the Interest Rate Sua Agreement wit the Swap Counterparty in order to
hesge ne potential Interest rate exposure of the Fund in relation to floating rate interest
úblgatioas under the Notes and match the fiating nature of the Interest rate payable under
the Notes aná the fixed nature of the interest rate payable under the Loans. The Interest Rate
Suap Agreement wi be dratea in the form Of an INTERITIIA SUAPS AND DERIATICES
Associarow (ISDA) 2002 Master Agreement, together wi the relevant Schedule, the Credit
Support Amex, the Confmaton (as these terms are defined in the Interest Rate Suap
Agreement) aná the Novation Agreement (as tus term ls defines below).

Pra-neds

ON the 19" of March 2025, Santander Tota (the "Pre-Hedger”) and he Swap Counterpaty
entered Into an interest rate swap transaction, as amended on tn 141 of Aprl 2025 (dae ol
the second confemation) n order to fx the maximum interest ate that the Fund vil be
blgea to pay Under the Interest Rate Smap Agreement (the "Pre-hedge Transaction”) at
2 rate equal to 2.05% (te "Pre-Hedge Rate”)

On the Date of Incorpoaton, the Pre-Hedgers contractual positon under the pre-+Hecge:
Transaction wi be transfered by way of novation in favour of the Fund following the
execution o a deed of novaton agreement subject Is law (the "Novation Agreement”),
and such re-Hedge Transaction as novatedwl be par o and govemes by the Interest Rate
Suap Agreement. 1, on e Date o? Incorporan, the make 10-market value of the Pre-
Hedge Transaction 1 poste fr the Pre-Hedger (e, the fed rate calculated at he date
+ incarporaton were o be higher tan he Pre-Hedge Rate), he Fund mil pay in favour of
the Pre-Hedger an amount equal the maricto-marke value ofthePre-Hecge Transaction
as oftne Date f Incorporan (e "Pre-Hedge Novation Amount”) as  compensation for
uc transte, The maricto-market cannot be determined as o the date o his Prospectus,
but lt will be determined before or upon the Date of Incorporation and, therefore, depending
on as determination the Pre-+Hedge Novation Amount al afec the defitwe amount of the
Startup Expenses Losn (as explained in section 3.4.4.1 the Adaltonal Information). The
Pre Hedge Novation Amount s expected to range betcen ZERO EUROS (€0.00) an ELEVEN
MILLION FIVE HUNORED THOUSAND EUROS (€11,500,000) and wil be pai from the
proceeds of he Stat-up Expenses Loan

WNotwitstancing the above, to the extent that the pupose o he pre-Hedge Transaction to
he maximum Interes rate tat the Fund wil be cblgated to pay under he Interest Rate


Swap Agreement at the Pre-Hedge Rate (Le, 2.05%, he mark ate applicable under the
Interest ate Swap Agreement Is equal to r lower than the Pre-Hedge Rate, (1) the Pre=
Hedge Transaction wi be cancela, (1) the Fano wil not enter into the Novaton Agreement,
and (1) o Pre-Hedge Novatin Amount wll acre. 1n such cenario, the Fund shall enter
into an Interest Rate Swap Agreement with the Swap Counterparty.

Payments undecthe Ioterest Bate Snao Agreement
"ne interest Rate Swap Agreement s structure In way that, on esch Payment Date:

(2) — the Swap Counterpary has agreed to pay to the Fund an amount equal to floating,
rate ol EURIBOR 3

(0 mattplea by tneHotional Amount from time to time (as define elo)
(UD divided by a count facion of 360; and

(lo muttlica by the number of days af the relevant Interest Acerual Peris. Such
amount shall be calulated by the Interest Rate Swap Calculation Agent for each

By vay of exception, the floating rate payable on the Frst Payment Date wil resul
tom the Inear intepolaon o the 3-month EURIBOR rate and the 6=-month EURIBOR,
aiulated in the terms set fot insecto 4.8.4() the Securties Note.

(6) — The Funa has agreed o pay o the Swap Counterpany a fixed rate of 2.05% (unless
tna pre-Hedge Transaction 1 cancells ana the Fund des not enter into te Novation
Agreement as further explained in sub-Section "Pre-Hedge" above)

(0 mattplea by tneHotional Amount from time to time (as define elo)
(UD divided by a count facion of 360; and

(lo muttlica by the number of days af the relevant Interest Acerual Peris. Such
amount shall be calulated by the Interest Rate Swap Calculation Agent for each

ne final fued Interest rate to be pald by the Fund to the Swap Counterpanty according to
econ (0) azove shal be elect in both he Dedo Incorporaton and the Confirmation
to be enteres into under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement

1 EURIBOR 31 (o, ln respect the first Swap Calculaton Pelo such Interpolated rate) s
below zero (0) in respect or a calculaton pend, no floor wil be apple and the absolute
value of the relevant negative amount wl form par o the amount payableto the Fund in
respecto such penas

Payments under the Interest Rate Snap Agreement will be made on net basis according to
the terms of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. Payments to the Fund by the Swap
Counterpary under the Interest Rate Snap Agreement wil be paid Ino the Cash Flow

“ne Swap Counteparty wil be cbigeo to make payments under the Interest Rate Sup
Agreement wiñout any wihholding or deduction o taxes unless require by aw.


Aleianal Aman

Fortnese purposes, the notonal amount of Interes Rate Swap Agreement (the “Notlonal
Amount") shal be equal

(8) on tne Fust Payment Date, to the Outstanding Balance of the Non-Defauted
Recelvabls atte Disbursement Date

(0) from the First Payment Date (excluded) to the Outstanding Balance of the Non-
Detaultes Recelvables on the preceding Determination Date

uraion and teemipation

“ne interest Rate Swap Agreement wi remsin in fl force until the care of () te Legal
Maturty Date; an (1) the date on which the Notional Amount s reduced to zero unless ts
terminated ea by one af the partes thereto in accordance wi the terms af the Interest
Rate Sap Agreement.

ne Interest Rate Suap Agreement shall be fuly terminate 1 the Management, Placement
and Subscription Agreement Is fuly terminated in accordance with the provision af section
2: of the Securtes Nate or If the provisnal crec ratings of the Rated Notes are not
confirmed 3s final by the Rating Agencies on or pror the Disursement Date (unless such
provisional ratings are upgradea).

nthe eventthat the Interest Rate Suap Agreement is terminated by ether pay, the amount
determines pursuant to Secton Sl) the ISDA Master Agreement o the Interest Rate Sua
“Agreement in Euro may be dueto the Fund orto the Suap Counteparty, as applicable

Anterest Rate Swap Calcuiston Agent

“ne Management Company wi act as Interest fate Suap Caculaton Agent of the Interes
Rate Sap Agreement,

Colateral

ne Inteest Rate Sap Agreement wi contain provisicasrequifing certain remedial actions
to be taken If a Swap Counterparty Downgrade Event occurs in respect of the Swap
Counterpary (or, as relevant, s guarator) Such proviions may nclue a requlrement hat
the Swap Coumerparty must post collaral; and/or tvanster the Imerest Rate Swap
Agreement to another entity (or, as relevant, is guarantr); and/or procure that a guarantor
meeting the applicable cri rating guarantees ls oblgatons under the Interest Rate Swap
Agreement

nen the Suap Counterpaty provides colateral n accordance with te provisions f the
Interest Rate Swap Agreement (ncluing the Credit Support Annex thereto), such coltera
sr interese thercon wa not form par of the Avallable Funds, save as expressly permites in
accordance wit section 3.4.7.2 (1 (Y) above.

“ne Swap Counterpary may oy past coisteral in he form of cash under the Crit Support
Annex to the Interest Rate Suap Agreement and any such cash colteral amounts wi De
cresta to the Suap Colatral Account. 1ftne Suap Counterparty does not fut ts payment
úblgatioas under the Interest Rate SWap Agreement, uNih Gves se to an event ot defaut,
non the termination and close-au of the Interest Rate Sap Agreement, any collteral
amount WINen are not returned to the SMap Counterparty pursuant to the Interest Rate
Suap Agreement may be used by the Fun to obtain a replacement Interest Rate Swap
Agreement or to make payments on the Notes, in accordance wit the appicable Proy af
Payments. Any excesscollsteral amount will be paid drecy to tne Swap Counterpanay outside
tn ranking of th Pre-Entorcement Proy ot Payments deals in secton 3.4.7.2 0ftNS


Adaiional Information o th ranking of the Post-Enorcement Prot of Payments detalica
in section 2.4.7.3 ftis ACatinal information.

Esrty Terminaton

The Interest Rate Swap Agreement may be early terminated in accordance with as tem,
Irrespeciwe of whether or not the Notes have been pad in ul porto such terminaton, gon
the ocurrence fa number of events (uhich may Include without litio)

(2) — certain events of Dankruptoy, Insolvency, recelvershi or reorganisatio of the Suap.
«ounterpary or he Eary Ligidaton the Fund;

(0) falure ontne part of the Fund or the Swap Counterparty to make any payment under
the Interest Rate Suap Agreement;

(6) changes in iaw resuling in legay

(4) — amendment of any material terms of the Deed of Incorporacion wiout the prior
"ten approval the Swap Countergarty

(6) occurrence of a Suap Counterparty Downgrade Event that ls not remesied within the
reaured timeframe pursuant to the Interest fate Snap Agreement, and

(O tatany time the Reference Rate in respect ofthe Notes Is changed as a consequence
fa Base Rate Modficaion Event ana, as a result, Its diferent to EURIBOR and the
Swap Countempay does not accet the Base Rate Modifcation proposed pursuant to
Section 4.85 (Palback Prowsin) the Secants Note

E al consttte a Subordination Event In accordance vit section 4.9.2 af te Securtes
Note fa Swap Counterparty Downgrade Event occurs in respect of the Sap Counterpaty
(arts guarantor, as applicable) and none of the remecdes provided for In the Interes Rate
Suap Agreement are patin plae wii the tmeframe required thersunder

the Interest Rate Smap Agreement Is terminated because of an event of default or a
temination event spected there, the amount determineo pursuant to Secton S(e) of tne
SDA Master Agreement of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement may be due to the Fund
depencing on market conaiins at tne time of terminaton. TS amount vil e determinea
by the metnod descbed In the Interst Rate Swap Agreement ana could be substantal
market rate or ote conditons have changed materialy. The amount may be basea on the
actual cst or market quotatons provided by reference enites of the market of the cost ol
Fnterng Into an interest rate swap agreement sim to the interest Rate Sep Agreement
and the unpaid amounte on ar prtor to the early terminston date. Any eary terminstion
payment payable by tne Fund wil be payable in accordance with the applcale Prior of
Payments

the ierest Rate Swap Agreement ls termines peor to redemption n ful o Ene Notes,
the Fund vil be required to enter nto a transaction on Similar terms wkh 3 now Sua.
Counterpary. Any upfront payment to any replacement Suap Counerpary under the
Interest ate Swap Agreement payable by the Funa wil be paid ect o the replacement
Swap Counterparty and not in accordance wi the Prot of Payment

For further information on the potential consequences arising from an ear termination of
the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, please retar to Risk Factor 1.1.4 (Interest Rate RIK) and
sk Factor 1.2.6 (Is rlatin to benchmarás and the heding agreement)

Suap Replacement roceede

Any Suap Replacement Proceeds recelved by the Fund from a replacement Suap


Counterpary wi! be remited drecty to the Swap Callsteral Account and ens! De applied ln
payment of any Sup Esry Termination Amount to he existing Suap Countepariy under
Ene existing Interest Rate Swap Agreement cutsde af the Pre-Enfarcement Prorty af
Payments or, where applicable, the Post-Enforcement Prorty of Payment, 1f the Swap
Replacement Proceeds are insuficiont to pay the Swap Esty Termination Amount cue to the
existing Swap Counterparty, any shortall shall De paid in accordance with te Pre
Enforcement Print of Payments or, where apglcale, the Post-Enforcement Pnorty
Payments. 1 the Suap Replacement Proceeds exceed the Swap Early Temination Amount
due to the existing Swap Counterpay, any excess all e treated 2e part of the Avalable
Funde or Post Enforcement Avalable Funde, ae applcale

Forthe purposes ot section:

"Swap Replacement Proceeds" means any amounts reales from a replacement Swap
Founterpary ln consideraton for enterig nto a replacement Interes Rate Swap Agreement

“Swap Early Termination Amount" means any payment due to the existing Swap
Counterpary by the Fund orto the Fund by the existing Sap Counterpary, including interest
that may accruethereon, Under the existing Interest Rate Suap Agreement in case of eary
termination of th Interest Rate Suap Agreement due to an “event of default or "termination
vent” under the Interest Rate Sap Agreement

ne Fund wi eneavour but cannot guarantee to find a replacement Swap Counterparty upon
Fary terminatio o e Interest Rate Swap Agreement

atng Domngrade Provison

n the understanding that the Notes actually obtain the provisional ratings alscates by the
atng Agencies as described in sectn 7.2 0f the Securties Not, the Snap Counterpaty
comple witn ne "Swap Required Ratings" (Le., Ratings Event 1 and Ratings Event 1
described below), wch at the date of registration of tisProspectus and according with the
provsinal ratings allocated by the Rating Agenc to the Rated Notes would be, in particular,
Ene falowno

(2) "Ratings Event Y" shall ocur, wi respect to the relevant Rating Agencies, 1 no

relevant enty has the "Ratings Event Required Ratings specified below. An entry
va have Ratings Event] Required Ratings

“Ratings Event HI” shall occur, with respect to the relevant Rating Agencies, no
relevant entay has the "Ratings Event 11 Required Ratings”as speciñes below:

Falure by the Swap Counterpaty to manaln the Swap Required Ratings would
onsttute a Suap Counterpaty Downgrade Event in relation to the ratings issued by
each of the Rating Agencies that, not remedied would constitute an “acciona!
Termination event” with the Suap Counterparty being the sole affected paty.


Upon the occurence cf a Swap Counterpany Dougrade Event, he Swap Counterpanty must
pestormthefolowing actions depending on the type o Suap Counterpary Downgrade Event:

(8) — Ratings Event: the Swap Counterpany oras long as the Ratings Event 1s continuing
val, at hs owncost, perform one ofthe acceptable actons descbed in the tae below,

(0) Ratings Event. 11: the Suap Coumerparty for as long as the Ratings Event 11 is
continuing wi, at ts own cost, pertorm (a) the required acton, and additional (0)
ne ofthe acceptable actions described in te table below

For the avoldance of doubt, at the date of this Prospectus, tne Swap Counterparty
comples with the terms required by the relevant Rating Agencies, including the Swap.
Required Ratings required by such Rating Agencies.

Garecnlg Lan

The Interest Rate Sap Agreement, including any non-contractual obigatons ariing out of
rn relation tereto ae governes by, aná will be construed in accordance wth Ii law,

Payino Agent Agreement
Annolntmen

“ne Management Company, for ana on behalf of the Fund, appoints Banco Santander, nic
únderakes to be the Pying Agent In order to carry out the payment o pincial and interest
Under the Notes

Obligations

ne obigations assumed by the Paying Agent incluce the folowing:
(2) Disbursement of ne Issue

The paying Agent vil pay the Fund, before 3.00 p.m. CET on the Disbursement Date
aná far value date that same day, the subscription price f the Nates pala by the
Noteholders (and, applicable y the Seller) in accordance with the provisioa af the
Management, Placement and Subscription Agreement, by deposiing such amount nto
ne Cash Flow Account.

(0) — Payments under the Notes

On each Payment Date, the Paying Agent ull make the payment of any interests aná
recempton af pineal t the Notes In accordance wn the appropriate Instructions
recelved from the Management Company aná following the Pre-Enforcement Prorty
of Payments or, where applicable, Post-Enforcement Prot of Payments described in
Sections 3.4.7.3 200 34.73 of tis Additional Information.


The Instructions of the Management Company to th Paying Agent must e received
by the Paying Agent three (3) Business Days betore th date on which the Paying Agent
shallefect the coresponding payment

Payments to be made by he Paying Agent on each Payment Date vil be made through
the corresponding enives pariopating in ISERCLEAR, in whose registers the Notes
are recorded, in accordance wi IBERCLEARS procedures in force regarding ts
service aná foloning the Instructions provided by the Management Company,

"Vitmoiaing, contrisuions or taxes now orherester applicable to the pncial, interes
r returns an the Notes wil be the Sole responsibllty cf the Notehoiders, and the
“mount tnereof vil be deducted y the Management Company, cn behalf o he Fund,
through te Paying Agent in the manner provided by law. Any Interest due and ungaid
under he Notes wi nat accue any adótional Interest or default Interest an wi not
be addes o the Principal Amount Outstanding of Notes

iftvere are no Avalsole Funds in the Cash Flow Account on Payment Date (or, during
the Revolving Pera, the Principal Account) the Paying Agent shall immediate noty
is crcumstance to th Management Company n order for the Management Company.
o adopt the appropriate measures. The Paying Agent wll nt mate any payments until
IE tecelves new Instructions from the Management Company and after having
confirmed that there ae Suficin funds to comply with the Management Companys

Terminstion by Paying Agent

ne Paying Agent, at any me, may terminate the Paying Agent Agreement (refri,
exclusvely to the payment agency) by glving at least two (2) months prior wtten notice to
the Management Company, provides that:

(8) — noves is guento the CNV ana the Rating Agencies; and

(0) - ttmustnot cause a downgrade oftne rang the Rated notes by the Rating Agende,
Terminstion by Manegement Company

Likewise, the Management Company s entilea to substute at ts sol dscrton te Paying
Agent, providea tha ntifes the Paying Agent in ring at leas two (2) months in advance
fine envisaged termintion date and provided nat

(8) notes gen to CNV and the Rating Agencies; and

(0) - ttmustnotcause a downgrade oftne rating the Rated notes by the Rating Agencies,
Kosta rising rom the replacement of the Paying Agent

n the event of replacement f the Paying Agent due to ts removal by the Management
Company  decion, any costs resulting from sald replacement as well as any fees payable
to the substitute Paying Agent wil be considered Extraoranary Expenses the Fund

An the event of replacement o he Payin Agent duetos resignaion as paying agent (1) any
cost resuling rom ala replacement wi be ascumed by the Paying Agent (such costs being

pre-valiatea by the Paying Agent) and (1) any fees payabe to the substitute Paying Agent
vs be considered Ordinary Expenses of the Fun


Replacement notices

Toe resignain or removal, as well s the appolntment of the substitute paying agent, wi
be noted by the Management Company to the CNMV and the Rating Agencies, and must
not cause a downgrade of te rating ofthe Rated Nates by the Rating Agencies

Survival

Nethr the resigation of the Paying Agent nor the replacement of the Paying Ager y the
Management Company wil de efectiva untl the new instutcn assuming tre posiion of
Paying Agent has efectwety assumed lt funcions, provided that any and al Paying Agent
fees accruedto that date nave been pala.

paying Agent's fees

As consideration for the services to be provided by the Paying Agent, the Management
Company, forand on benalrofthe Fun, shall pay on each Payment Date a fe agreed under
the Paying Agent Agreement foiowing th pre-Enforcement Proy of Payments or, where
applicable, the Post Enforcement Prot of Payments described In sections 3.4.7.2 and
314.7. 019 Additional Information,

Name, address and significant business activities of the Seller

¡Saler afina Recaiables Banco Santander.
Business acdress of te Seler: Avenida de Cantabria s/n
28660 Soadila del Monte (Madrid), Span.

¡Sellers LE code: 93005 QMEDOMYWIAMIS

“ne princpal nancalactvises of Banco Santander are those cnaracteist of any bank, in
accordance vitn te specf nature of such entes and as established by law. En is egará,
tre folowing core actives ula be ignlgmtes.

(2) acquisiton of funde (tiwough demand savings pasescoks, current account, term
savings passbooks, mutual funds, pension plans, isuredretirement plas, assigoment
dl asset,lesuance of securtes, unit ind and anmulies among oler):

(0) fnancing actvites, primariy through persoral loan, mortgage loans, cre acity
accounts, dscounting documents, bank guarantees and leasing, factoring and reverse
tactorng transactons;

(6) provison of services such as credit and debt cards, merchant payment systems,
Colletion services, Gebit order Services, transfers, Asset management, currency
exchange, ete

Banco Santander as Seller and as Servcer has the relevant experts as an entity being act
in the consumer loans market for over 60 yezts and as sentcar of consumer recemables
secuntiaticn for over 25 years

The foouing links show the indwidua financial information on Banco Santander referrd to
the years ended on 31 December 2023 and 2024 (audited), The Information has been
prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards applicable tol
Under Regulation (EC) 1608/2002 and Bank of Spain Crear 04/2017 of 27 November, to
res instutns, on publi financial reporting standards and reserved and model financial
Statements (Crcular 4/2017, de 27 de noviembre, del Banco de España, a entidades de
crédto, sobre nomas de información inanckra pública y reservada, y models de estados



Anancteros) (as amendes from time to time and, In partcular, by Bank of Spsin Creulr
21/2023, "Bank of Spaln Circular 4/2017”.

(0 tnatvidual financial information for 2024.

()  Isps://uwsantander.com/conten/damsantander-comyes/documentos/nforme-
úinanciro-anual/2024/1-2024-Informe-nancero-anualinddual-s.paf

(u)  inatvidual financial information far 2023:

bes sand entdamsantand ocumentos/nfome-
Ainancio-anual/2022/1-2023-0focme-fnanceco-anualdduals. 0d

"Tnese financial statements are deemed to be Incorporated by reference to ns Prospectus.

Return on, and/or repayment of the securiies linked to the performance or
credit of other assets or underiying which are not assets of the issuer

Not applicable. The return on, and/or repayment of the securtes ls not Ink o the
performance or credit of other assets or underiing which are not assets of the Issuer.

Management, administ
Notenolders

¡ion and representation of the Fund and of the

ne Management Company shall be responside for the serving and management o the
Loans in accordance vt ace 26.1 b) of Law 5/2015, Notwitnstandin, E sha e entes
to subdelegate Such duties to rd partes in accorsance with article 30,4 of Law 5/2015,
Vi shall ot afec ts hablty, Therefore, the Management Company vil De kept Hable
en such duties are delegated to tur paris

“ne Management Company vil appont Banco Santander, as Server of the Recetables, n
ne Deed af Incorporaton to pertorm the sercing and management of the Loans, The
relatonsvp between Sanco Santander and the Fund wil be goveme by tn provsions f the
Deza of Incorporaton.

Banco Santander ul accept, n the Deed of Incorgoraton, the mandate recetved from the
FHanagement Company to act as series of the Loans (the "Servicer”) and mil undertake:

(8) — tocan out the servicag and management of the Recelvables acquired by the Fund,
As established by the ordlnary rules and procedures of serving and management set
ut in the Desa of Incorporation;

(0) — to continue to service the Loans, dediating the same time and attention and the same.
level of expertse, care and Gllgence In Es aaministraton as lt would dedicate and
exercise ln the admiisiraton of ts cun loans. In any case, R mil exercise an
appropriate leve of experts, care and dligence as regards te provision af the
Serdcesstipuated in this Adotional Information an in the Desa cf Incoporaton;

(6) that tn procedures apple and vil apply for th servicing and management of the
Loans that are, and wii contue to be, Ín accordance wth applcale laws and
reguations

(4) — to fatuty compl wit e instructions gen y the Management Company;


(0) to car out all actions required to maintain in fl force the Acenses, approvals,
autnoriatons and consents that might be necessary or appropriate in relation t the
pertormance of services

(O to haveavalablethe equipment and personnel suftcientto cary out alt oblatons
and

(6) — to compensate he Funa for the damages that may deve from fllure o comply wit
the obligatons assumed

A bie desciton o he ordinary rules aná procedures of administration aná custody of the
Loans governed by the Deed of Incoporaton the Fund s se fort in th olowin Sections

Term and replacement of the Servicar

ne services vil be provided by the Senvcer from the Date of Incorporatan until a
blgatioos assumeo by the Server n relatan to such Loans are extirgusned upon ful
repayment of the Loans, without prejudce to the poesble ea revecation af te mancate or
kt veluntaryrecignaon legal possib.

Upon tn occurence of an Evento Replacement of the Servir, the Management Company,
vih prior notice to the Rating Agencies, may take one of the foliowing actions,

(8) — replace the Senvcer with another entty that, in tne opinion of the Management
“Company, has the sultole legal and tecicl capacity, provided at the rating of the
Rated Notes or the STS status the Notes 1 pt advetcey afecte,

(0) require the Servicer to subcomtract, delegate or have the performance of such
oblgatons guaranteed by ancihr entty that, In the opinion of the Management
Kompany, as the sulle legal and tecicl capacity, provided at the rating of tne
Rated Notes ls no acversely afecte,

nte case of an Insolvency Event occur In respect of the Servicr, the only possible action
vil e the one described in secton (a) above.

n accordance with Spanish Insovency Law, the Fund, through the Management Company.
vil have asii of separation in espect o he assigned Recenvables,pursuent to arcos 229
and 240 of te Spanish Insolvenc Law. TI right of separation wil nt necessary extend
to the money received by the Seller, in is Capacity as Servicer, and kept by the later on
benaif cf the Funa pror to ts deposito th account of the Fund, since, gun Rs funglle
mature, could De subject to the result of the Insolvency procredings according to the
majorty intepretaton of arce 240 the Spanisn Insolveno Law.

“ne Management Company vd take Into account the propasals made by the Servir both in
comecton wi the sUscontracung, delegation or appolniment af the new Senvcar for the
fulliment of IE oblgation, and in comecton with the ent that could guarantee the
Futiment of such obigatios,

"Notwistanding the foregolng, the final decision as regards the apgolniment of the new
Servir and any o tne sfaremetoned action will correspond to the Management Company,
acting ln the name and on behallof te Fund

Upon the accurrence of an Event of Replacement of the Servicer, the Servicerundertaks to
carey cu te foloming actons

(2) — To mate avalable upon the Management Company's request a record of the personal

ata of Borromers necessary to Issue collection orders to Borrowers or to have served
Sn Borrowers the notas referred to below (the "Personal Data Record" or"PDR')


"The communication and use of such data shal De lmiteg and in any event subject to
complance with the Organic Law 3/2015, of 5 December, on personal data protection
and guarantee of dial rights o aw replecing, amendig oe implementing the same.
“and the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parlament and of the Counal cf
27 Api 2016 on the protection of natural persons vih regaró o the processing of
personal data and an the free movement af such data, and repealng Diectve
95/aejec

(0) — Upon the Management Company' prior request, to depost the POR before publ
otary in oder hat It may be searched or used In due course by the Management
Company n case o need in comecton it the Loan serving funcions

(6) To assist he Management Company using all reasonable efois in the substtuion
roces aná, as th case may be, notiy the Borrowers

(4) As soon as reasonabiy practicable, delver and make avalable to the Management
«Company (ar any person appolnted by 1) the files dellered to lt by the Seller (1
iferent from the Server), copies of all fecorás (Including, without Imitation,
computer records and books af recorde), corespondence, and documents in ts
possessian or under lts contr relating to the relevant Recevables assigned to the
Fund and any sums and tner asset, any, then held by re Servier on behalf the
Management Company;

(e) To do such things and execute such contrais as shall require the Sericers
involvement in order fr functions to be efectely transtered to the new Server.

The Service may, in tum, volutariy decide not to administer and manage the Recelvable,
l£ permited by laws in force from time to £me (a "Servicer Voluntarlly Withdrawal
Event), and provides that (1) ía autrorizea by the Management Company, (6) the
Hanagement Company has appolted a new Services which has efectvely accepted to start
carming out ts dutses, (1) the Server has indemne the Fund for any damages cause to
the Funa by te resignaton and replacement (Inclucing any addlicnal Cot, mil not be
narged to the Funa), and (1) the rating of the Note 1 nt adversey afecte

“ne assignment of the Receiables to the Fund wil not be nota to the Borrowers excepe
required by law except asforeseen In section 3.7.1.12 of ti Adórional Information,

Forthe purposes ot section:

“Event of Replacement of the Servicer" means the occurrence of any of te folowing,

(8) — anybresch fs obigations underthe Dese of Incorporation, nte reasonable opinion
fthe Management Company, and in parcuar, s blgaton to transfer to te Fund!
ne amountsfeceled from thé Borrowers win two (2) Business Days as from recelpt
(except fte breach ls dueto a force majeure)

(0) am Insolveney Event accus n respect of tre Servier; or

(6) a SenvcarVoluntaly Wilarawal Event ocurs

"Insolvency Event" means, with respect to any entity, a decaraion of insolvency
(declaración de concurso) in respect tereto,

ustody ol agreements, desd, documents and fles

The Servicer wil keep al the Loan agreements, as well as coples of al Instruments,
documents and computer fles related o the Loan in safe custody and mil not abandon En


possesson, custady or cotrltherec without the prior writen consent af the Management
Company for such purpose, unlees the document le necessary to commence proceedings or
tne enforcement a Loan.

ne Service, acting reasonably, vil at all times provide the Management Company r the
duly authorized auaitar of the Fun with access to such Loan agreements, Instruments,
documents and records. the Management Company 5o requests, the Senvicer wil lso
provide a free-of<harge copy or photocooy af any of such agreements, Instruments and
ocuments within five (5) Business Days falowing such request. The Servicer must act in the
same way in the case of requests for information from the auditor o the Fund.

An any case, the Sevicr walves th prvilegs which the law contes thereon in s condon
as manager of calctons for the Fund aná the custody af te Loan agreemente, and
particularly those established in aries 1,730 and 1,780 the Spanish Cl Code (regarding
Ene retenton a pledged asset=) and 276 of the Spanisn Commercial Code (securty similar
to the retenion of pledges assts)

Collection management.

“ne Service wil receive on account f the Fund such amounts as are paid by the Boroers
arisng out of the Recelvable, both for pinipal or Interest, a wel as any other concept and
vil proczee to depost into the Cash Flow Account, the amounts wnich pertln to the Fund,
immediately and in any case within tuo (2) Business Days following tne receipt tnereof

Advance of funds

n no event will the Service advance any amount that has not been previosty reclved from
the Borrowers as principal or an outstanding Insalment, Interest or financial charge,
prepayment or other em aing from the Lo.

Anformation

The Services must periodica nform the Management Company aná the Rating Agencias o
tne Sarromers evel af complance witn their obigations aring from the Loans, of the
compliance y the Service vit e ablgatio o deposit tre amountsrecelved from thé Loans,
fte actions taken inte cuento delay, and the existence o hidden defects in the Loans,

Ine Senicer must gregare and delver to the Management Company the acaltonal
information that the Management Company may reasonaby request regarcing the Loans or
the rights arsngtheretom.

n parscular, the Service shall provide in  Emely manner to the Originator, as Reporting.
Entay, any repors, data and oXher Information in the correct format to full ne reporting,
requirements of aries 7 and 2 af the EU Securticaton Regulation (inclino, inter ala,
the information, avalable, related to the environmental performance f the velas)

Subrogation of the Borrower to the Loans

Toe Services wil be authorised to permi subrogations to the positon of the Borrower ln the
Loan agreements oy in those cases In which the new Borrower has similar festurs ln
respect o risk profle and others o those o the previous Borrower and such features ontorm
to the Loan assignment standaras described In section 2.2.7 of UNS Additional Information,
and providea that te expenses derving from Such subrogation are pai in ul by the new
Borrower (unless otherwise provided by law). The Management Company may totaly or
partialy mi ts sutonty of the Service, or subject the power to congitons, f 2ueh
Subrogations may negatiely afec the fatnos of the Rated Notes given by the Rating
Agencies


"The Management Company must In any case be immedately notified o any subrogation by
te Service ln accordance vlth the preceding paragraph. The subrogation f the Loan must
ot asversely or otherise negatvelyaftecttne Loan poro

nd actions in .

The Management Company general authorises the Servir to carry out

(2) — the refinancing or restructurig of the Loans provide for n () Bank a Spain Crear
4/2017 (as amended by Sark of Spain Circular 1/2023); (1) Bani of Spain Circular
1/2013, of May 24, on the Central e Information t Risk (Crculr 1/2013, de 24 de
mayo, del Banco de Españ, Sobre la Central de Información de Resgos); (1) any
Guidelines tnat the ESA may issue in order to better define forbearance measures
(rerenater, "Refinancing or Restructuring”); and

(0) — any reneval or renegotition of the Loans provided for in () Bank of Spain Circular
4/2017 (as amended by Bank of Spain Circular 1/2023)publ financia reporting,
Standards and reserved and models of inancial statements; and (1) any Grculr and/or
guidelines that may be Issuea by the EBA in order to beter define forbearance
measures (such renegotíatons are nat considered as Refinancngs or Restructunngs
as ey are due to reasons ote than financial dificultes) (perenafrr, Commercial
Renegotiations”),

in the terms and conditons described below and almays provided that such actions do not
reduce te rank, legal efecveness or economic value the Loans

"Notwitstanding tre foregoing, the Servicar wi deal wit the requests made by the Borraners
vit tne same dligence and procedure as dealng with other loans hal n ts balance sheet
or othernise acministeres by tn Servier

Ine Management Company autherises Ganco Santander to effect Refinancnge or
Restructurings In compience wit the folowing requirements

(8) — inoreerto meat the nominal interest rate of fed interest rate Loan, the nominal
interest rate of the Loan In the Fund once the renegotiation has taken place Shal not
be louer tan 6%.

(0) The maximum Outstanding Balance that may De novated in tis particular case over
the le fthe Fund may not xceea af 7.5% o the Outstanding Balance of the Loans
at tne Date of Incorgoratio.

ne powers of efteting any Refinancing or Restructuring gven to Banco Santander ln ts
section are subject to the folloning lmitaion:

(8) — no novation from fa to fosting rate salowes
(0) underno cicumstances may the amount of the Loan be increases;

(6) the frequency of Interest payments and repayment of principal on the Loan in question
must be maintained or ncresced;

(4) — the maturty term ota Loan may be extended provides that the amount o he sum of
capital or principal assigned to the Fund from Loans whose maturtles have been
extended may not be more than 10% o th inial Outstanding Balance of the Loans
on the Date of Incorporan; and

(6) — the new final maturay date or final repayment of the Loan In question may be no later
than tre Final Maturty Date (Le,, 21 January 2038),


The límts set fort above in connection with the powers of renegctiaion ven to Banco
Santander shal not pol (and thus, ae expressy allowed in any event)

(8) — inte event of implementation of any Moratolum, or
(0) - inte events qualiyng as Commercial Renegorations

For these purposes, "Moratorlums” means any (1) setlement, suspension of payment,
reschedullg of the amortsaton plan or other contractual amendmients resulting from or
Grsng from mandatory provisons, o (1) valuntary moratortums or deferment of payment,
togetner with any decisions or recommendations cf publlc authorities ar conventons,
“arrengemente or recommendations o nsttutional or Industry associations.

ln any event, after any refnancing, restruturng,renewal or renegotation takes place in
accordance uith the provsions of tis section, the Sericer wil Inmediaely inform the
Management Company of tre terms and consitons resuling from each e the aforementioes

ne Management Company, on behalf the Fund, may, at any time, suspend or amend the
authorsation and requirements fr forbearance by the Service set fort in ti section.

Exceptlonal expenses.

On esch Payment Date the Sevier wil be relmburse foral exception expenses incurre
in tn serving of the Recevables and the Loans and which have been dul jutfed o the
Management Company, Includng eny expenses rising from the enforcement the secuty
or guarantess but express excluing any exraJuical expenses,

Such exceptinal expenses vil be paid in accordance with the Pre-Enforcement Prot
Payments aná the Post-Enforcement Prioty of Payments set forh in sections 3.47.2 and
3.4.7. of ns Additional Information, respectively

seno

nte excepional event that any o the Borrowers has a qui, due and payable credi right
Aagalnst the Servicer, wih the resul that one or more f e Loans are set off against such
Fight, the Seruice ul remedy th rcumstance Such that th Set does nat spy, or Fl
Is not possible to reed, the Service wil depost in the Cash Flow Account the amount
vin was et ff pls tne Interest due from the date of seLoft Unt the date on which the
depot ls made, calculated in accordance win the terms and conditions applicable to the
comesponding Loan.

Subcontractino

ne Servicer may subcontract any of he services which has undertaen to provide by vit.
fte above provisions aná those the Deed o Incorporaio, except for ose services nat
cannot be delegated pursuant to applcae law. 1n no case wi such subcontactng ental
ny acdiions cos or expense for the Fund or the Management Company, and E must not
cause a doungrade o ne rating o he Rated Notes by the Ring Agencies

Wotwstancing any subcontracting or delegan, () the Management Company shalnot be
excuse or released under the sutcontrat or subdelegaion from any of the lablties
assumed under arte 26.1.) of Law 5/2015, and (1) the Service wll not be dicharges or
released tough such subcontracing or delegation from any of the labiles assumed and
Ena ar leal strbutable to ar enforceable against ne Service.

labalt of the Servicer and Indemolty


(8) — underakes to act with due aligence as regards th collecton management for tne
Loans as wellas the custody and aámiisraton of the Loans and wil be labe to tne
Fund, tough is Management Company, for any damage that aries from
negigence;

(0) +4 ngemnty the Funa, through ls Management Company, for any damage, loss or
xpense lt may incur due to the falure to Comply wtn is obgatons concering
<olletion management and/or custody and/or admiisraton o the Loans; aná

(6) does notassume lablty n any form as regards deci or inciectiy guarantesing tne
Success ote transaction, or lt provide ecurty or ente nto agreements for the
repurchase the Recewables other than n accordance with the terms and conditions
Set fort in section 2.2.9 of ns Adaiicnal Information.

"Nethr the Noteholders nor any other creditor of he Fund shall have any direct ight oracion
wnatscever against the Service. Notwiistanding the foregoing, under arte 26.1.) and
26.2 o Law 5/2015, the Management Company shall be lableto he Noteholders and osher
sectors oftne Fund for any aná al losses caused them by 3 reach of ts obigaton to seres
“and manage the Recevablespooled in tne Fun

Matices

ne Management Company and the Seller have agreed to not notiy the assigament of the
Recelvables to th respecte Sorrowers except when required Dy law that as the Date of
Incorgoration of the Fund, involves the Borrowers of the Autonomous Communities of
Valencia, Casla-La Mancha and Comunidad oral de Navarra, according to, respectvely

(2) Decree-law 1/2019, of December 13, cf the Consel, approving the consoldated
version of the Statute of consumers and users uf the Valencan Community (Dsceto
Legísato 1/2019, de 13 de Aclembre, dl Cons, de aprobación dl texto refundido
¿e la Ley des Estatuto de las personas consumiioras y usuanas de la Comuntar
Vatenciana);

(0) Law 3/2019, of March 22, approving the Statute of consumers in Castla La Mancha,
(Ley 3/2019, de 22 de marzo, de Esatuo delas Personas Consumidors en Castla-
La Mancha); end

(6) Regional Law 21/2019, 04 Apr, on the medication and updating of the Navarra
regional cil aw complaton or "Fuero Nuevo" (Ley Foral 21/2019, de 4 de abel, de
modificación y actualización de la Compliacón del Derecho Civil Foral de Navara 0
Fuero Muevo)

For these purposes, ntie ls not a requrement for the valty of the assignment o the
Recelvables. 1f the Seller does not noty Mhe assgnment in accordance with the
atovementioned regulations, may be subject to sanetonsforeseen in such reguiation which
Vil ot affect the aesigament of tre Recelvables subject to the Spanien Cl ode,

"Notwitstanding the above, in the event e Insolvency, lgudton, intervention by the Bank:
af Spain or substiuton the Ser, or upon the cccurence afan Event o Replacement o
the Server, or If the Management Company consders It to be reasonabiy Jus, tne
Management Company may request the Server to noti the Borrowers f the aesigrment
fte outstanding Recelvables to the Fund and hat the payments deves tneretram vil only
release the dett Y payment s made into the Cash Fiow Account opensó in the name of tne
Fund. However, fe Servicer hs not guen the notice to the Borrowers within ve (5)
Business Days of recelpt o he request y the Management Company, o n the case trat the
Servir s in insovency proceedings, the Management Company Hsel, eltner drecty or
through a new designated sendcer or agent, may not the Borromers


Accordigly, the Seller vil grant to the Management Company in the Deed of Incorporation
Ene roads: powers e require by law so Eat le may, in the name of tne Fund, naty the
Borrowers of he assignment at the time It deems appropriate,

ne Seller ul assume tre expenses Incured in noting Ene Sorrowers, even fnorification
ls provided by the Management Company.

Sesvicers remuneration

As considratin for being in charge of the custody, administration and management of the
Loans, the Server shall have the right to recele in amears on each Payment Date an
acministaton ee (he "Servicer's Fee”), including VAT, Ifthere S no cxemplon avalable,
Faust to SIX THOUSAND EUROS (€6,000).

the Fund, through ts Management Company, does not pay the entre Senvicer's Fee on a
Payment Date dueto th lack of sufcien Iquidty n accordance th the Pre-Enforcement
Proy of Payments, any ungald amounts shall De acded —mthout any Kind of penatty- to
the fee to be pai on the folouing Payment Date.

On the ctner hans, the Server, on esch Payment Date, shall be entiled to tne
relmbursement of al xceptional expenses incured in connection we the administration
Ene Recelvanles, subject to tner ustficatio to the Management Company. Such expenses
hal nude, inter aa, those arisng from the enforcement o ne security or guarantees but
expressy excucing any exrajuccal expenses, aná they Shall e pai provides that the Fund
has suficien Kquity in accordance wit th Pre-Enforcement Priority af Payments

Servicer Event Reserve

A Servicer Event Reserve Trigger” means the occurence 0 any of the fallowing events

(2) — theratngofte Service, at any Emme durig the le of tne Notes Issue, ls domngraded
below (2) A- (senior nsecures rating), accorcing to Fitch or (y) 888 (senor unsecured
rating), according to MDBRS; or

(0) — amEventof Replacement of the Seruicer.

Action required

Banco Santander shal, wn sx (60) calendar days immectateyfaowing the ocurrence

ftne Sericr Event Reserve Trigger, deposte in the Cash Flow Account an amount equal to

(ne "Servicer Event Reserve Amount”)

(8) one per cent (1%) of the Outstanding Balance of the Recetvables caculted on the
Determination Date inmeciaelypreceding the relevant Payment Date; mulipled by

(0) - the mesghted average leaf the Outstanding Balance of the Recelvables calculated on
the same Determination Date, assuming a 0.0% CPR and a 0,0% COR.

Use afine Servicer Event Reserve Amount
"The Server Event Reserve Amount wi form par of the Avalable Funds for th soe purpose
af fnancing the Serdicers Fee 1 there 3 replacement of Banco Santander as Services, as
et fort in section 2.4.7.4 of the AdGticnal Information.

Release ote Service Event Reserve Amoun

On each Payment Date, and once the Servicers Fee has been paid in accordance vt the

relevant Piro of Payments, the Seruicer Event Reserve Amount vil e reduced outside of
Ene relevant Ple af Payments and wil be drecy retumed to Banco Santander for an


amount equal o e díference of the Service Event Reserve Amount between two relevant
Payment Dates.

ManacenenT Conor

Management, administration and egresentation of the Fund and of the Noteholders

"Toe administration, management and legal representaio of the Fund will correspond to the
Management Company, in the tems provided in ace 26 of the Law 5/2015 and other
pplcae law, as wel ás in the terms of tne Deed e Incorporation aná this Prospectas

“ne name, address ana significant actwites of e Management Company are detalles in
section 6 of he Registration Document,

"ne Management Company ls also responsiseforrepresenting and defending the interests
of tpe Notenoldes and o? the other credtors of the Fund. Accorángly, the Management
Company must at all times take nto account the Interests 0 the Noteholders, acting in Ene
detencethereof and adrerng to applcabl law and regulations or such purpose,

“ne Management Company must perform ls actises wit the ¡most digence requires
thereof in accordance wi Law 5/2015, represeting the Fund ana defencing the Interests o
the Ncteholders and of the other credtrs af the Fundas It handing ts own interests, caing
far the level o ligence, reporting and defene of the inerets of the former and avoid,
tuatios Involving conficts of Interest, aná giving pride o the Interests the Hotenoders
and the aer creoore of the Fund over ts om interese,

"The Management Company wi e lableto the Noteholders and otnercredtors the Fund
foral damages caused thereto y a breach of ts oigations t wll De lbs for the penales
pplcae Meretopursuantto the provisons of Law 5/2015.

Tne Management Company has the necessary resource, Incudig sutable technology
information systems, to discnarge ts duties af administering the Fund as atrbutedthereto
by Law s/2015.

An accordance with atico 29.1) o the Law 5/2015, the Management Company has hera
to the Santander Group's General Code of Conduet, Which can e vieuea on te weba

Tue //no santander comes tele COVES NcOmaPOLJES ES/Coporato/Accionis
5-2 Inversores/Goblerno-corpranio/Codigos-de-conducta. tem

Fortne purposes of artie 4 oftne Securies Market AC, SANTANDER DE TITUUZACIÓN, S.G.F:T.,
ALIS partoftne Santander Group,

Administration and representation ofthe Fund

ne Management Companys blgations and actions in the fulfiment o ts duties to manage.
and act as ne authorses representa of the Fund, for ustatwe puiposes oy and
without prejudce to any other oDIgations and actons provides In Us Prospecus, are the
foliowing:

(8) — to open he Fund Accounts, n the name of the Fund, Invaly wi the Fund Accounts
Provider;

(0) to exercise the rights attachng to ownership of the Recelvables of the Fund, and

General carr out any such act cf administration and disposal as may be necessary
fortne proper performance of te administration and legal representaton af ne Fund


(6) o car cut the financial sendcing of the Recetvables with due aigene and rigour,
'thout prejudce to the management cute assumed by the Seller n As capacty as
Sericr,n accordance with the prvisons of section 3.7.1 above;

(4) — to verty tatthe amounts effectvelyreceled by the Fund corespond to the amounts
nat Ene Fund must receive in accordance wi the condon uf each Recetvable and
the condon of the vanous contract

(e) to validateand control the Information that recelves from the Service in connection
th the Loans, as regaós cllctins of ordinary payments, prepayments of principal,
Payments of unpaldinsalment, aná status and contal a non-payments

(O to callate the Avalable Funds and the movements o funds le il have to make once
they have been agplea in accordance witn the Pre-Enforcement Prior af Payments
rte Post Enforcement rior o Payments as applicable, orderng transfer funds
betveen e various assts and llablty accounts and making the applicable payment
Instructions, including those alocate to pay the financial servici of the Notes

(8) to callate and sete te amounts fr interest and fees, £ must be recetved aná paid
through the various financial credit and det accounts, as wel as the fees to be pala
forte various financial services aranged and the amount pertining to the Notas for
the repayment of principal ana fr Ineree,

(0) to compl ut ns calculaion oblgations established in tis Adional Information, n
the Startup Expenses Loan Agreement and in the Relnvestment Agreement, which
are describes in sections 2.4.4.1 and 3.65. af tis Adalsonal Information. 1 the
Management Company does not receive te information required t comaly with such
calculan obigatone in order to determine the Available Funds before the following
Payment Date, these il be determinso as the amounts deposted in the Cash Flow
Account on the Determination Date preceding the Payment Date, by carring out the
necessary etimates in order to cacuate the amounts to be colleted;

(0 to cosaly supervise the actions f he Servir for he recovery of non-payment, by
hing Instructions, when appicabl, In order to bring any enorcement proceedins,
To carry cut the corresponding actons that mght e requires according to the

6) to keep tne accounting books of the Fund with due separaton from those of tne
Management Company, to render accounts and to comply WE the tax or any other
legal obligations hat might correspond o the Fund)

(6) o provide the Noteholder, the CNMV and the Rating Agencies wth such information
“and noties as are requied by the applicable legal provision and, In particular, those
Species n tna Prospectus

(0 to emterinto, extend or amend the agreements has executed on behalf of the Fund,
replace esch of the providers of services for the Fund by ire cf such agreemente
“and alo, necessary, enter into adtignl agreements; a of the foregoing Sube to
applicable lam, atar btaining tre por uthoriaton, required, from the CNMV or
the competent governmental body, aná after notíing the Raling Agencies, aná
provides tar such actions d not lad to a downgrade in th rating o tre Rated hates
and do not impalr he Interests o the Notenolger. Any amendiment to the Deed of
Incorporacion wil be made pursuant to the provisions of ari 24 the Law 5/2015;

(Mm) to appont ana replace, applicabl, the auditor of Fund;

(0) to prepare and submnt to the CHNV and the competen bodes all documents ana
information that must be Submited pursuant to applicable lega provsions and the


arms of his Prospectus, or when so requested by the CNHY and other competent
bodies, and prepare and Subm to the Rating Agencies any Information they may
reasonabl request

(0) — to make appropriate decisions in relation to the quidatn of the Fund, including tne
decian for the can redemplion of the Notes aná ligudaton of the Fund, in
accordance with the provision of his Prospectus;

(0) — nottake actions that couló downgrade the rating o he Rated Notes, and procure the
adoption ofthose measures which ar reasonabl wii reach in order for the rating
On the Notes noto be adverse affected at any me; aná

(0) — to manage the Fund in such a manner that lts net asset value ls ways zero,

Resignation and replacement of tre Management Company

Tne Management Company will be replaced in the administration, management and
representan cf the Fund in accordance with the provision of aces 27, 32 and 33 of Law
5/2015.

Basianation

n accordance with arce 32 of Law 5/2015, the Management Company may resign rom ls
dies of management and representaon of alce part af the funde managed Whenever
¿deems oproprite, subject to the authoniaton one CNMV in accordance wn te procedure
and on he terms, uhich may be establshea by way o subsequent Implementing regulation,

ne Management Company may n o event reign ts cutis until and uniss al requirements
and formalties have been compliea with in order for the ett replaing le to take over ls
uttes. The substiuton expenses originated shal be tome by the resigning management
company and may in no event be passed onto the Fund,

Mandatory replacement.

“ne Management Company vil be replacas ts subject o any of e ground fo isslution
under artis 360 et seg. of the Capital Companies AC. The Management Company must
ot the CI of the occumence of any of such grounds. In suen case, the Management
Company must compy wit the provisons af the previas section por t ts dssolutia.

the Management Company s deiared nsolven or ts authorisaion revokea, in accordance
with artcles 33 and 27 0% Law 5/2015, respectively, management company must be.
appointed. The replacement must become etfetve wiin four (4) months of the date of
ccurrence of the event causing the replacement. 1f he Management Company has not
appolnted 3 new management company within four (4) months of the event causing the
replacement, the Funa wil be earyIquidated and the Notes eri redeemed in accordance
th section 44.5 of the Registration Document

ne replacement of the Management Company and appolntment o the new management
company, approved by the CNMV in accordance wit the provisns of he above paragraph,
vil se reporte to the Rating Agencies and wil be publened tin a period o Ateen (15)
days by means of an amnouncemen in tw0 (2) naionaly-cculated newspapers and in the
balein ofine ALA.

“ne Management Company underakes to execute any publc a pevate documents needes
to procees wi the replacement thereof by another management company in accordance
vih the procedure explained in te preceding paragraphs of tis secton. he replacement
management company must subrogate to the rights and oblgations af the Management
Company as estabisned in tn Adaltonal Information. Furthermore, the Management


Company must dellvrt the new management company any documents and accounting and
database records reltin o the Fund that are in is possession,

Subcontracting of the Management Company

Pursuant to theprovisics o he Deed of Incorporaton ana ts Prospects, the Management
Company vil be eniiea to subcontract or delegte the provision any ofthe services to be
performed under the Deed o Incorporan and ts prospectus In favour f reputabie tra
parts, provided that the subcontvactor o delegate walves any actions against the Fund for
Fabi

any case, th subcontracig or delegaion of any service () cannot involve ny acaitona!
cost or expense for the Fund, (1) must be permites by the appcable laws and regulations,
(li must not cause a domngrade in the rating of the Notes by the Rating Agencies, and (1)
must be communicate to tha CNMV, and 1 legal required must have the prior aproval
thereof. Such subcantractg or delegation wi not be a walve or release the Management
Company from any of the habiles assumed by vinue af ts Prospecus that are legally
amtributale hereto or that may be enforce against

Management Company sremuneratio for the performance af ts duties

n consideraion of the functions to be dischargea by the Management Company, the Fund
vil pay the Management Company a serving ee consisting ot

(8) — an iia! fee wich shall accrue upon the Fund belng Incorporated and be payable on
the Date of Incorporan; aná

(0) on each Payment Date and provided that the Fund has suffiint Avalable Funds or
Post Enforcement Available Funds, a applicable, in the Cash Flow Account according
to the provisions of secton 3.4.7.2 af tis Atina! Information reltig to Ene Pre=
Enforcement rorty of Payments, o n secton 3.4.3 o ns Additional Information
relaing to the Post-EnforcementProrty ot Payments,  perocle annual administration
fee mich il accrue for the actual days In 2ach Interest Acerual Period, and wil be
aiulate on the basis of the Sum ot the Principal Amount Outstanding af the Notes,
on the Determination Date corresponding to that Payment Date. The fe accrued from
the Date of Incorporation untl the fs Payment Date wil be adjusted in proportion to
the day elapses between both dates and wál be calculated based onthe nomina value
fine Notes issues,

Name and address and brief description o any swap counterparties and any
providers of other material forms of credit/liquidity enhancement or accounts.

Section 3.1 of the Secure Note contains a Dret descption of counterpaties o tne
contracte described below.

(2) - Interestñate Swap Agreement

Banco Santander s the Swap Counterparty under the Interest Rate Suap Agreement,
as described in section 4.8.1 o tus Addicnal Information.

(0) Startup Expenses Loan Agreement

Banco Santander s the Fund'scounterpartyinthe Stat-Up Expenses Loan Agreement,
as described in section 3-4.4.1 o tus Adalcnal Information.

(6) Reiuesiment Agreement

Banco Santander ls the Funds counterparty in the Relnvestment Agreement, as
escnbed in escuon 2.4.5 tis Additional Information


Obligations and deadlines envisaged for the preparation, auditing and approval
of the annual and quarterty financial statements and management report.

ne Management Company wi submit the Funa' annual financial statements mentioned in
Sub-secton article 36 of Law 5/2015, together win the auditor repotin respect thergo,
to te CNV wii four (4) mont faowing the clse of the Funa' financial year, which wtl
coincide with the calendar year (Le, prior to 30” AprI of each year)

Adaiionaly, according to sub-section 3 of arte 35 of Law 5/2015, the Management
Company must present the Funds quarery fnancal statements to tñe CNY win o (2)
mont of tn end of esc calendar queres.

Obligations and desdlines contemplated for availability to the public aná
delivery to the CNMV and the Rating Agency of periodic information on the
economic/financial status of the Fund.

"ne Management Company, In ts management and administration of the Fund, undertakes
to supply tne Information described below and any other adáliona Informaton as may be.
ressonably requested thereof with the Ltmost dligence possible aná vitin the ceadlnes
provid,

(2) Information ln relain o the Notes
For so long asthe Notes remain outstanding, at least two (2) Business Days in advance
teach Payment Date, the Management Company wil nfom the Notenolder of the
fallen:

(0 the Imerest ate resulting for he Note ore oli Interes ACcrual Period

(UD the interest amounes payable on the Notes for the curent Interest Acerual
Perico

(lo the pencpal amounts payable on the Notes or the curent Interest Accrual
Perico

(1) the actual average prepayment rates of the Recelvables as of Determination
Date corresponding to tne Payment Date in queso;

(1) tre average residual le of the Notes catculteó puesuant to the assumptioos
regarding Such actual average prepayment rate; and

(4) the principal Amount Outstanding of each Note (after the repaymentto be made
on the Payment Date in question), aná the percentage that Such Principal
Amount Outstanding represents of the total Iniial face value of each Note.
Notices specified in his section 4.2.1(3) shall be made in accordance wit the
provsions of section 4.2.3 below, an wil also be submites o CNY, ISERCLEAR and
IAAF at least two (2) Business Days in advance of each Payment Date,
(0) > tofarmatio ln alain o the undecing assts od the Fund

in relation tothe Recelvables foowing Payment Date, te following Information shall
be published in the Management Company's website: (1) Outstanding Balance o the


(o

0)

Recelvabls; (1) Interest and gnc amount of nstalments in aresrs; and (4)
sastanding Balance of DefaultesRecewables.

in relation to the economic and fnancal postion of the Fund, the Management
Company shall prepare and publish on e mebste 2 report on the source and
subsequent application the Avalable Funds in accordance wi the pre-Enforcement
Proray of Payments

Besar
"The Management Company wl submit to the CNV the foliowing report.

(0 Theannuatreporrefered ton artiie 35.1 of Law 5/2015 containing, ner añ,
ne financial Statements (balance Sheet, prof loss account, cash flow and
recognises income aná expense statements, annual report and, management
repor) and aust repo, min four (4) months folowing the close of te Fund's
financial yea, which wil coincide witntne calendar year (e, prorto 30 Apr
reach year)

(1) The quanterty reports refers to in arte 35.3 f Law 5/2015, containing the
Funes quartery financial statements mitin two (2) months folowing the end
of each calendar quarter.

Information referred to EX Securtsaion Regulaia.

Pursuantto the oblgaions se or n ari 7(2) o he EU Securtisation Regulation,
the ariginator ana tn SSPE af 3 securtsation shall designa among themseves one
úentay o submit the information set out in pont (),(), (8), (e), () aná (9) orartce
(2) toa registered securtisation reposory he Eu Securtisation Regulation. The
lzosure requlremente o ace 7 of EU Secuntisaion Regulation pp in respect
ot tne Notes

The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1224 of 16 October 2019
supplementg the EU Securtisaton Regulation win respect to regulatary techica
Standards speciying the Information and the detals o a Secutsation to be made.
avallabl by the oriinator, sponsor and SSPE (the "EU Disclosure RTS”) ets out the
information and the detaisto be made avalable by the onginator, the sponsor and the
SSPE of a securesaton. Lkenise, the Commission Implementing Regulation (EU)
2020/1225 or 29 October 2019 laying down implementng technical standards mt
regaróto the format and stancarases templates for maling avalable the Information
and detal of securlsation by the oriinator, sponsor and SSPE (the "EU Disclosure.
115") set cut the format and stancardiseó templates for making avalaole the
information an detal of  securtisation,

Artide 7, in accordance wi ace 22.5 the EU Securtisation Regulation

"The Reporting Ett, dirty or delegating to any other agent on is behalf wi:
(8)  foiowing the Date of Incorporacion:

(0 pubisn a quateiy Investor report in respect of each Interest Accual
eros, as required by and in accordance win ari 7(1)() of the EU
ecurisaton Regulation, the EU Discosure RTS na the EU Dislosure
15, no later than one (1) month after he relevant Payment Date; and

(1) pubis on a quartery bass certain loan-by-loan Information in relation

Fo the Recelvables in espect of each InerestACeralPercd, as required
by aná in accordance With arte 7(1)(2) of the EU Secutisation


Regulaon, the EU Discesure RTS and the EU Discosure ITS and the
sciosure templates final adoptee, no later than one (1) month after
ne relevant Payment Date and imultaneousIy with the repor refers
to in paragraph above

(0) pubish, in accordance with arce 7(1)f) of tne EU Securtisation Regulation,
tout delay any inside information made publi In accordance with rie 17
af Regulation (E) No 506/2014 the European Paiament aná of the Council
on market abuse;

(6) pubis vtout delay any sigfant even Incluing any sinifcant events
described in art 7(11() o the EU Securtisaion Regulston; and

(6) make avatable in accordance wi the arce Z(15) and arte 22.5 of the EU
Secuisaion Regulation, in any case witin fiíteen (15) calendar days o the
Date of Incoporation, copies fte relevant Transaction Documents (excuding
the Management, Placement and Subscription Agreement) and ti Prospectus,

The Reporting Entity, dret or delegan to any her agent ont hal, il publish
or make otnerwse avalable the repori and information rfered a in paregraps (2)
to (6) (clusive) above as required under article 7 ana arece 22 of the EU
Securtsaton Regulation by means of the EU Secuntisaton Repository

The Originator shal be response for compliance wi aride 7, In accordance wit
arte 22.5 of the EU Securtisaion Reguiation and has been designated as the
Reporting Ent for the purposes of arte 7.2 0 the EU Securtizaion Regulation.

"ne Reporting Entty (ar any agent on ts behalf) wil make the information refrre to
above avallaole to the Notehlders, relevant competen authortesreerres to In article
29 oftne EU Securtiation Regulation and, upon request, to potential Investors in the
Notes. in addition, the Reporting Entry Underakes to provide information to and to
comply With wrteen confrmation requests of the EU Securisation Repository, as
reauired under Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1229 including any
relevant uldance and polcy statements relang to the application thereot

The quartery Investor reporis shall indude, in accordance with article 7(1),
ubparagraon (eN) a the EU Seculssaton Regulation, information about te rs
retenton, incuing Information on wnch efe modaliies provided or in are 6(2)
has been apple, in accordance with arce 6 of the EU Securtiaton Regulation

Aide 22 01h EU Securtsation Regulation

Furtiermore, in accoréance win arte 22 af the EU Securtiation Regulation, te
Seller, as Originator (or any agent on ts Den) vil make avalable (or has made
“aralisble) to potential Investors ln the online platlorm ef the EU Securticaton
Repostory, before pricng (Le, 14 May 2025), te falowng Information (il
hitos: feo eurodw.eu/deaisieu?edcode=CHRSESOOOO89500220247):

(2) Delinquency ana default dat, for sustantil simlr exposure to those being
securteea, and tre sources of tae data and te basis for Csiming similar,
Fara period no shorter than fe (5) years

(0) A hablity cas flow model, elaborated and published by INTEX and Bloomberg,
uhh precsey represents the contractual reationsni uf the Recetvabls and
the payments foming betueen the Ongintor, the Fund and the Notehoders
(ana shal, after prieng, make that model avalable to Notehoiders on an
ngolng basis and to potental Investors upon request


(6) The toan-by-can information requires by point (8) of the fest subparagrapn of
article 7(1) of he EU Securtisaton Regulacion.

(6). Draft versions of the Transacion Documents (excluding the Management,
Placement and Subscription Agreement) and the STS Noticaton

"The fnalSTS Notífcation wi! be made avalabie to Notenolders on or about the Date
a Incorporation (and In any case win fteen (15) calendar days rom the Date of
Incorporaton), to Bank Spain as competent authority aná, upon request to potential

The Originator may also resgn ts appolntment as Reporting Entty by glving a prior
notice to the Management Company. Notwitstanding the foregolg, such resigna
val not become effective unti 2 new entry has been designated to replace tin
“accordance wit arte 7.2 o tre EU Securtzatian Regulation.

Any falure by the Originato o fl such oblations may cause the transaction to e
on-complant win the EU Securtisaton Regulation

The breach of the transparency obligatons under arce 7 of the EW Secuntisation
Regulation may lead to pecunarysanctins being imposed on the Funa (or eventualy,
the Management Company, acting on behalf the Funa) or the Seller (as orignato)
pursuant to arte 32 the Eu Securtsation Regulation and ari 38 Law 5/2015
(as amended by the Securties Market A, without prejuice of the potential efect on
ne STS status ft transacton.

1 a reguistor determies tna the transaction did not comply or is no longer in
complace wi the reporting obligatons, hen Investors may be required by their
regulato o Set aside daltional capital agalns tel Investment in the Notes or take
lher remedial measures n respec of thelr Investment in the Notes. The Fund (or
Fventualy, the Management Company, acting on benalf o the Fund) and/or the Seller
(as crgnstor) may e subject to admisratve sancione in tre case of neglgence or
intentona Iningemen o he discs re requirements, including pecunary sanctons

Any such pecunisry santos Imposed on the Fund (or eventual, the Management
«Company, acting on behalf the Fund) may matenaly adverse affect the Funds
abllty to pertorm Es bigatins under the Notes and any such pecuniary sancion
leves on the Seller (25 orginaor) may materly adversly affect the ablty ot ne
Seller to pertorm ls oblgations under the Transaction Documents and couló have a
egatie Impact on the pie and Iquity of the Notes in the secondary market

Each prospective imvestor is required to Independent assees and determine te
uticiency of the information described above for the purposes of complying wit
rude 5 af the EU Secuntisaton Regulation and none of Banco Samander (In ts
capacity asReporing Entity), o the Management Company (on behalf one Funa) or
ne Joint Lead Managers, makes any representaion tnat the Information desc
“towel suficient in al ccmstances or such purposes

Pursuant to arte 36 o Law 5/2015, the Management Company must give immeciate notice
to the CNMV and to ts redtors of any matenal event special relevant to the situation e
development of the Fund, Matenal fat specific relevant to the Fund wll be those that
coulá have a Sgnficant Impact on th Notes issued or on the Recelables

An partscula, material facts il Include any relevant medication o the assets or lbs o

the Funa, the occurrene of any of the events refereato in the definition o te Reoving
Period Earyy Temmination Event, any amendment to the Desa of Incorporan, and, Y


applicable, th resolution on the seting-up of the Fund, the occurrene afan ssuer Event of
Deaut o any eventual decion regarding the Eemy Liguidaion of the Fund and Eary
Redemption of the Notes for any o ne causes establish In ti Prospectus. In the case of
the later, the Management Company wIl also submit to the CNY the cenifcate execuea
before a publ notary evidencing the wnding-up of the Fund and subsequent Iquidation
procedure descr>ea in section 4.1.5 of tne Registration Document

Notice of any change to the Deed af Incorporaion must be provided by the Management
Company to th Rating Agencies and wil be published by the Management Company In the
regular public Information on the Fund and must also be publined on the website of the
Management Company.

ni section aso includes, inter ala, changes in he ratings of he Rated Notes and the steps
to be taken IFtiggers are activated due to a cowmgrade in the rating of the counterpaty to
the nancil agreements or dueto any other cause.

"Notices to Noteholders which pursuant to the above, must be provided by tne Fund, trough
Is Management Company, ll be provided as follows:

(2) Ordinary nties

Ordinary pertosienatiesreerres to in section 4.2.1 sove shallbe given by pubication
inthe AJA daly bulletin or any other that may hereatr replace tor another o similar
«characteristics, or by publshing the aporopite Insider Information (nformación
Ernie) ar relevant fomaton (ara formació rear), as opa

(0) Estracrdinary notes

Extraordnary notes referes to in section 4.22 above shall be given by publishing
the appropriate insder information (nformación priegiada) or otner relevant
information (otra información relevante), as soplcable, with CNMV.

These noics wil be deemed to be provides on the date of publicaton there, and
are agpraprate for any day of te Calendar, whether or not a Business Day (for
purposes of this Pospectus),

Additional, the Management Company may provide Noteholrs wit orainary and
Fxtracranary matices and other inormatcn al Interest to them vossh Hs mebete
(tits: santanderdetsulizacion.comysan/Home,Fondos-de-Tiulizacin).

(6) Reportngtothe CNV

information regarding the Funa wil De forvardes to he CNA according to e formats
contained in Celar 2/2016 regarding securtisaton funds, as wel as any information
in adsiuon to the above that Is required by the CNMV or pursuan to the applicable
legal provisins at any me.

(6) Resaring to she Rating Agencies

"The Management Company vil provide the Rating Agencies with peros information
on the status of the Fund and the performance the Loans so that they may montor
the ratings of he Rated Notes and the special noti. 1 wi lso use ts best afors
to provide Such information hen reasonably requested to do So and, in any case,
nen there sa sigan change in the conditions or the Fund, In the agreements


(o

entered Into by the Fund through ls Management Company, or in the Interestea
pares

information to be furnished by Banco Santander to the Management Compas

in addion, Banco Santander (In ls capacty as Service) undertakes to inform the
Management Company, an behal o he Fund, on a quartery asis and in any case at
the request hereal, o any non-payments, prepayments or changes in interest rats,
and gue prompt notice ot payment demands, Judical actions, ana any other
«rcumstances trat afec the Loans

Banco Santander wil also provide the Management Company wi all documentation
ne later may request in relation to such Loan, and parucularly the documentation
required by the Management Company to commence any judicial actions

(sanature page follows)


mr. uan Carlos Sezal Valero, for and on behalf SAKTANOER DE TITUZACIÓN, S.G.É.T. S.A. acting In
lis capacity as General Manager of the Management Company, hereby signs this prospectus in Madrid
on 20 May 2025,

uan Carlos Berzal Valero
General Manager (Director General)


Mrs and expressions In this Prospectus shall, except so far as the contest otherwise requires, have te
Same meanings as those set ut in this secton headed “Definitions”. These and other terms uses in this
Prospectus are subject to the deitons of such terms st out in the Transactón Documents, as they may
be amended from time to Eme.

Al references In ts rospectus to Euro, euro, EUR or € are o he lauful currency of e Member States
of the European Union trat adopt the Single currency in accordance wi the Treaty estabishing the
European Community, as amendes by the Treaty on the European Union

Certain monetary amounts and currency ransations included in is Prospectus have been subject to
rounding adjustment; sccoróingl, Agures shown as totls in crtala tables may not De an arthmetic
Aegregation ot the figures which preceded them.

"The language of ti Prospectus ls English. Certain leisative references and technical terms have been
sta in th original language in arde that the correct technical mesring may be ascedto them Under
applicable am

Definitions

*CSTR” means, in respect of an Interest Acerual Pei in espect o te balances standing to tre credit on
the Cash Flow Account, the euro Short-term rate equal t the ovemigh ate as calculated by the EC8 and
appearing on the relevant Screen page two (2) Business Days before the date on which Such Interest
Accrual Period begins. In case ESTR ceases to be provided permanent or Indefintay, any mention to tnat
reference fate shall be understocd as made to the ata (Inclusive of any Spresds or acjustmens)
recommended by the ES (or any successor administrator) in replacement of the ESTR as published or
provided by the administrator tereot

“acquisition Amount” CImporte de Adquisición”) means an amount equal to the total aggregate
úsastanding Balance of the Additional Recetables pooled in the Fund on the relevant Purchase Date

“additional Information” ("Ynformación Adicional”) means the acáiional information t te Securities
Note to be Included in the Prospectus, prepared using the form provide In Annex 19 of the Prospectus
Delegated Regulation.

“additional Recelvables” ("Derechos de Crédito Adicionales") means the recevables (uNih shall
represent on the Purchase Date niney-fue per cent (95%) of any and al of ne recevabes aisin from
the Loans) asigne to the Fund by the Seller on each Purchase Date as estable In section 2.2.2.3 of
the Adalscnal Information.

“ALAF" means AIAF FixeIncome Market (ALAF Mercado de Renta Fa).

“Altemative Base Rate" (Tipo de Referencia Altemativo”) means tne altematve base rate
determined by the Rate Determination Agent to subtes EURIBOR as the Reference Rate o he Notes

“arranger” (Entidad Directora") means Banco Sroranoer, 54
“available Funds" (Fondos Disponibles") means in relaton to the Pre-Enforcement Prod ol

Payments, and on each Payment Dato, the amounts, calculated on the Determination Date immediately
precedig the relevant Payment Date, to be allocated to meeting te Fund payment oblgatins, ich


hall have been crees to the Cash Flow Account, as estabished in secton 3.4.7.2 of the Additional
information.

“Banco Santander” means Bco Shruora, 5.

“Banco Santander Policies" ("Políticas de Banco Santander”) means Banco Santander usual
procedures o analysis and assessment of the credr is a regarás the granting o loans to Indivauals or
Consumer purposes, descbea in section 22.7 of the Adgrional Information,

“Bank of Spain Circular 1/2023" (Circular de Banco de España 1/2023") means Bs of Spain
trcalar 1/2023 of 24 February, o credit Inttuons,hranches in Spaln o cea instutios autnorisea ln
another Member State the European Union and financial credit ente, on the Information to be sent to
the Bank o Spain on covered bonde and other loan moblisatn Instrument, and amending Bank of Spain
“tcular 4/2017 and Bank ol Spain Crear 4/2019 (as amended from time to me) (Crear 1/2023, de
24 de febrero, del Banco de España, a entidadas de crédito, sucursales en España de entidades de crédito
autorizadas en oro Estado miembro de la Unión Europea y establecimientos financieros de crédt, sobre
la nformación quese ha de rem al Banco de España sobre 1os bonos garantizados y otos instrumentos
¿e movlización de préstamos),

“Bank of Spain Circular 4/2017" (Circular de Banco de España 4/2017") means Sank of Spsin
Circular 04/2017 of 27 November, o credit Instttins, on publi financia reporting standards and
reserved and models of financial statements (as amended from time to time) (Circular 4/2017, de 27
¿e noviembre, del Banco de ESpaña, a entidades de crédito, Sobre normas de Información financiera
Pública y reservada, y modelos de estados financieros),

“Base Rate Modification” ("Modificación del Tipo de Referencia”) means any amendments to the
Transacton Documents to be made by the Management Company, in the name aná on behalf o the Fund,
as are necessary or aóvsable to facltte the change of EURIBOR Lo the Aternatwe Base Rat,

“Base Rate Modification Event" (Supuesto de Modificación del Tipo de Referencia”) means any of
the folouing events:

(0 8 material seruptin to EURIBOR, an adverse change in the methodology of cslculting EURIBOR.
r EURIBOR ceasin to exit orto he publ; or

(0 tie insavency or cessaton of business of tne EURIBOR administrator (n crcumstances where no
succeszor EURIBOR administrator has been appolnted), or

(1) a pubestatement by the EURISOR administrator Ent lt vil cesse publishing EURIBOR permanent
or Incefntely Un Crcumstances where no succescor EURIBOR administrator has been appolntes
that vil continue publication of EURIBOR or vil be changed in an adverse manner) or

(ll) a publ statement by the EURIBOR administrator that EURIBOR wi no be Included in the register
Under Arce 36 the Benchmark Regulation permanent or indeñniel; or

(1%) a publ statement by the supervisor af the EURIBOR administrator that EURIBOR has been or will
Be permanently or indefintey discontinues r vil be changed in an adverse manner; or

(V) apublestatement by the supervisor of the EURIBOR administrator which means hat EURIBOR may
o longer be used or tha lts se 5 Subject o restrictions or adverse consequences; or

(4) 3 publ announcement of he permanent or indefinte iscontinuty of EURIBOR as lt apples to tne

(vi) the reasonabie expectation o the Management Company, in the name and on behalf the Funa!
(éctng on the acvice ofthe Seller) that ny ofthe events speciedin sub-paragrapns (1, (1) (U.


(0, (0), (4 ar (44) atove val occur or exis win sx (6) montns of the proposed efectwe date
of aucn ase Rate Modifcaton

“Base Rate Modification Noteholder Notice” (Notificación al Bonista de la Modificación del Tipo
de Referencia”) means 3 wrften notice fram ne Jesuer to noty Notenalers of a proposed Base Rate
Modifican confiming the following;

(8) tne date on when ts proposed Ent the Base Rate Mocifiation sal take efect

(0) the period during ulch Noteholders of the Class A Notes who are Noteholers on he ase Rate
odificaion Recorá Date may dejec to the proposed Base Rate Modífcaton (which notice pera
shalcommence at leas forty (40) calendar days pro to the date on which ts proposed that the
Base Rate Modíicaion would take elect and continue for a period af not less tnan tnrty (20)
calendar days) an the method by Which the may obje

(6) the Base Rate Modiication Event or Events which has or have occures;

(6) — tre Atemative Base Rate unen le proposed to e adoptes pursuant section 4.25(c) one Secuives
Note ans he ratinale for choosng the proposed Altematwe Base Rate;

(e) detais of any modifcatins that the Issuer has agreed vil be made to any hecging agreement to
which lis pay or the purpose of lgring any Such hedging agreement with proposed ase Rate
Podíication Or, where lt has not been possible to agree Such modifcations wth hedging
couterpartes, uhy such agreement has not been possible aná the effect tha this may have on the
transaction (n the view o he Rate Determination Agent), aná

(0) detal o () any amendments which the Issuerproposes to make to these conditions or any other
Transaction Document ana (1) any new, supplemental or adalcnal documents nto when the Issuer
proposes to enter to feitate the changes envisaged pursuant o section 4.85 of the Securives

“nase Rate Modification Record Date” (“Fecha de Registro de Modificación del Tipo de
Referencia”) means the date specfes to be the Base Rate Modflcaon Recorá Date in the Base Rate
Modificaion Notenolder Notice.

“Benchmark Regulation" (“Reglamento de Índices de Referencia”) means Regulation (£U) No.
2016/1011 ofte European Pariament and of the Councl o June 2016 on indices used as benchmaris
in financial instruments and financial Contracts or to measure the performance af investment funds and
“amending Diectes 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/8U and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.

"Bloomberg" means Sloomberg Finance L..

"Borrower(s)" (Deudor(es)”) means any already existing cent (th benavtour score) of the Seler
ano S an Individual, having ts domice in Spain at the Uime of execution the relevant Loan agreement,
o which the Seller has granted th Loans from vich the Recelvables transerres to the Fund deve,

“BRRD" means Directe 2014/59/56, of May 15 etabishing a framework for the recovery and resolution
ef credit Instutioas and investment ms and amendiag Councl Directwe 82/891/8€C, and Diectes
2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/£C, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/8U and
2013/36/E4, and Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parlament aná
tine Councl

“Business Day” ("Día HábII”) means 3 day which is 2 72 Business Day other than (3 Saturday, (1) a
Sunday, (1) a publ holiday in he cy f Madri (Spal)

*calculation Agent" ("Agente de Cálculo") means the Management Company.


“Capital Companies Act” ("Ley de Sociedades de Capital” means Royal Legsitwe-Decres 1/2010 of
2 July approving te Restated Texto the Capital Companies Act (as amendes) (Real Decreto Legio
21/2010, 6e 2 de julo, por el que se apruesa el texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capa)

“Cash Flow Account” ("Cuenta de Tesorería”) means the account to be opened wkh Banco Santander
in the name of the Fund by the Management Company, he operation of which wil be covered by the
Relnvestment Agreement

“COR” means constant default rat,
*CET" means Central European Time.

“Circular 2/2016" means Circular 2/2016 of 20 Apr, of the Spanish National Securities Market
Commission, on securiisatio und accounting rules, annual accounts, publ financial Statements and non-
publ staistcal Information Statements.

“CIT Regulation” (Reglamento de Impuesto sobre Sociedades") mezns the Corporate Income Tax
Regulation approves by Royal Decres 634/2015, o 10 Ju.

*class" ("Clase") means each class o Notes,

“class A” or "Class A Notes" ("Bonos de la Clase A") means the Notes with ISIN code ESO3OS898001,
having a total nominal amount of ONE SILLIONTWO HUNDRED ANO SIXTY-SEVEN MILLION FIVE HUNDREO
THOUSAND EUROS (€ 1,267,500,000), made up of TWELVE THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED AND SEVENTY-
FIVE (12,575) Notes, each wtn 3 nominal value of ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (£ 100,000),
represente by means of bookcntres.

“class A Interest Rate" (Tipo de Interés dela Clase A") means floating rate equal to the Reference
Rate plus a margin af 0.77% per annum, provided that, f such Interest Rate fals below O (20), the
“pplcable Interest Rate shal be equal to 0 (2er)

“class 8 or"Class 8 Notes” "Bonos de la Clase B”) means the Notes with ISIN code ESO3OS898019,
having a tota nominal amount of FIETY-TWO MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (E52,500,000),
made up of FIVE HUNDRED AND TWENTY-FIVE (525) Notes, each with nomina value 0 ONE HUNDREO
THOUSAND EUROS (€ 100,000), represented by means of book-entrs

“class 8 Xnterest Rate" (TIpo de Interés dela Clase 8 means 3 fostig rate equal to the Reference
Rate plus a margln af 1.20% per annum, provided nat, such Interest Rae fal below O (ro), the
“npicable Interes Rate shal be equal o 0 (2er)

“class C* or "Class € Notes” ("Bonos de la Clase C) means te Hots vih ISIN code ESO305898027,
having total nominal amount 6 SIXTY MILLION EUROS (€ 60,000,000), made up of SIX MUNOREO (500)
Matas, exch wi nominal value 0 ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€ 100,000), represented by means.
o bookcentres,

“class C Interest Rate" ("Tipo de Interés de a Clase C*) means floating rate equal to tne Reference
Rate plus  margln af 1.50% per anmum, provided that, such Interest Rate fas below O (200), the
npicable Interest Rate Shal be equal o 6 (2er)

“class D” or*Class D Notes” ("Bonos de la Clase D") means the Notes with 1SIN code ESO3OS898035,
having a total nominal amount cf SIETV-THREE MILLION EIGHT MUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS
(£ 62,800,000), made up of SIX HUNDREO AND THIRTY-EIGHT ($38) Notes, each with a nominal value
ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€ 100,000), represented by means o book-entis

“class D Interest Rate" (Tipo de Interés dela Clase D") means floating rate equal to tne Reference

Rate plus a margin af 2.75% per annum, provideo nat, Y such Interest Rate fas below O (20), the
“ppicable Interes Rate shal be equal o 0 (2er)


“class E or "Class E Notes” (Bonos de la Clase E) means th Notes with 1SIN code ESO3O5898043,
having a tota nominal amount o FIFTY-SIX MILLION TWO HUNDRED THOLSANO EUROS (£ 56,200,090),
made Up o FIVE MUNDRED AND SIXTY-TWO (562) Note, each wah a nominal value of ONE HUNDREO
THOUSAND EUROS (£ 100,000), represented by means of book-entres

“class E Interest Rate" (“Tipo de Interás de la Clase E) means a foating rate equal to the Reference
Rate plus margin af 4.50% per anmum, provideo nat, such Interest Rate fas below O (20), Ene
“ppicable Interes Rate shal be equal to 0 (2er)

Class E and Class F Notes Interest Deferral Tigger” ("Evento de Diferimiento de Intereses de
la Clase E y de la Clase F") means a Cumulatwe Default Ratio higher than 4.25%,

“class F" or "Class F Notes" ("Bonos de la Clase F”) means th Notes uith1SIN code ESO3OS898050,
having a total nominal amount of TWENTY-TWO MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS
(E 22,500,900), made up at TIO HUNDRED AND TWENTY-FIVE (225) Notes, each with 3 nominal vale cf
ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND EUROS (€ 100,000), represented by means o book-enris

“class F Interest Rate" ("Tipo de Interás de la Clase F) means a foating rate equal to tne Reference
Rate plus margin af 5.24% per annum, provideo that, such Interest Rate fas below O (200), Ene
“pplcable Interest Rate shal be equal to 0 (2er)

“class F Notes Target Amortisation Amount" (Importe Objetivo de Amortización de los Bonos
dela Clase F") means an amount equal to the minimum

(8) (ten percent (10%) of the Intal balance of the Class F Notes plus (1) any unpaid amount under
(0 on previous payment dates; and

(2) The avallole Funes, following tre fuliment of tnePre-Enforcement Prorty of Payments until (and
inciuang) the trteent (13*) place.

*ciean-Up Call Event" (Evento de Clean-Up Call” means tha event when, at any timo, the aggregate
sastancing Balance of the Recelvabls fas below ten per cent (10%) of the aggregate Outstanding
Balance thereof on the Date of Incorporaio, In accordance with Section 4.4.3.2 0? the Registration

*ciean-Up Call Option” (Opción de Compra por un Evento Ciean-Up Call) mezns the option af the
Seller o repurchase at ts own dscrein al alstanding Recewebles and henceInsrue the Management
Company to carey out the Eary Liquldation of tne Fund and the Eariy Redempricn af tn Notes in whole
(But not in part) unen a Clear Call Event occur

“CNMV means the Spanish National Secures Market Commission (<Comstón NactonaL De Mencaco De
Vaoes»)

*COBS" means the FCA Handoeok Cande of Business Sourcebook

“Consumer Protection Law" "Ley de Defensa delos Consumidores") means Royal Legsiatwe Decres
1/2007, of November 16, aporovin the consolida text of th General Law for the Defence of Consumers
“and Ustrs and atner complementary las (Rea) Decreto Legisatvo 1/2007, de 18 de noviembre, por el
Que se aprueba el texto refundido dela Ley General para la Defensa de los Consumidores y Usuarios y
¿ras leyes complementaria).

*CPR' means Constant Prepayment Rate.

“CRA Regulation” (Reglamento CRA”) means Regulation (EC) No. 1050/2009 cf the European
Pariament and of tre Counci of 16 September 2005 on credt rating agencies, as subsequent amendes,


“CRR Assessment" (Informe CRR') means the assessment o the complance of the Notes the relevant
provsions a art 243 of the CRR, prepared by PCS.

“CRR' (Reglamento CRR') means Regulation (5U) No. 575/2013 of the European Parlament ac of the
ouncl, of 26 June 2013, on prudental requirements for credk Insituions and Investment firms and
“amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended and supplemented from time to Eme.

“Collateral Trigger” means the ratio as of the previous Interest Payment Date (expressed as a
percentage) between:

(a the Outstanding Balance of the Mon-Defáulted Recevables; and
e the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Rated notes
*"Cuatracasas” means CUATRECASAS, GONGALES PEREIRA S.L.

“Cumulative Default Ratio" (Ratio de Falidos Acumulado") means the aggregate Outstandng
Balance of the Defaulted Recevabls (a the time the Recelvable 1 considered as Defaulted Recelvable)
idea by the sum of: (1) tre Outstanding Balance o he nta Recewvables on the Date of Incorporaton,
ana (1) tre Qutstancing Balance of the AcdtanalRecetvables an the date tner respective assigament

*Cut-O1 Date" “Fecha de Corte") means 11 Mareh 2025.
“Date of Incorporation” (Fecha de Constitución”) means 22 May 2025.

“Deed of Incorporation" ("Escritura de Constitución") means the puble deed recording tne
Incorporation of the Fund and the Issue of the Notes.

“Defaulted Recelvable(s)" (Derechos de Crédito Fallidos") means, at any Eme, the Recevables
arsng from Loans In respect of which: (1) here 1 any matrices oblgaton (ncluing any amount of
pricipal, Interest or fee) which xceeds the Materalty Theshold and Is past due more than niney (90)
onsecutiv calendar days; or (1) the Service, n accordance wtn the Serving Policies, considere that
the relevat Borrower ls unIkeyto pay the instalments under the Loans a they fal de.

*Definitions" ("Definiciones") means the glossary of definition included in tis Prospectus

"Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979" ("Reglamento Delegado (UE) 2019/979") meaos
Commission Delegatea Regulation (EU) 2019/979 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU)
2017/1123 of tn European Parlament ang of th Counel wit regar to reguator tecnica standards on
key fnancel information ln he summary o  prospectus, he publication ana ciassfiaton of prospectses,
Fdverisements for secuties, Supplements to a prospectus, and the notliaton portal, and repealng
Common Culegues eun (5) no, 382/2014 a Commucin Dsegas Regla (66)

“Delegated Regulation 2023/2175" (Reglamento Delegado 2023/2175") means Commission
Delegates Regulation (EU) 2023/2175 017 JU 2023 on Supplementing EU Securtisaion Regulation.

“Deloltte" means DELONTE AUONORES, S.L
“Determination Date” (Fecha de Determinación”) means () during the Revoling Pero the cate
falling ten (10) Business Days prior to tne relevant Payment Date; and (1) ate te Revolvng Percó Ena
Date, tne date faling ve (5) Buiness Days prtor to the relevant Payment Date

“Determination Period" (Periodo de Determinación”) means each pertos commencing on (and

including) a Determination Date and ending on (but xclucing) the mmeciatel foowing Determination


*pisbursement Date" (Fecha de Desembolso”) means 28 May 2025.

“Eariy Liquidation Date" ("Fecha de Liquidación Anticipada") means the ate of the eaty Iguidaton
fte Notes pursuant to section 4.4.3.1. 4:42.2 and 4.4.3.3 of the Registration Document, Mhich does
ot need to be on a Payment Date

“Early Liquidation of the Fund” (Liquidación Anticipada del Fondo”) means the Iguieation o the
Funa, and thus the prepayment o tn lsue of the Notes cn 2 date porto the Legal Matunty Date, ln
accordance wit the cases aná procedure set out in section 44.3 of the Registration Document

“Early Liquidation Notice” CKotilicación de Liquidación Anticipada") means the matenal
approplte nsider Information (nformación privilegiada) or other relevant information (tr información
relevante) published by the Management Company upon the Seller's Instruction to cary out the Early
Uquiéaton or the Fund and the Ea Redemption of the Notes upon the exercise of the relevant Sellers
¿cal opron

“Early Redemption of the Notes" ("Amortización Anticipada de los Bonos") means the utimate
redemptin o tre Notes ona date prior to the Legal Matuly Date upon the occurrence of an Enforcement
Event ln accoreance wth th requirements set forth in secton 4.4.3 of the Registration Document

“EBA" CABE") means the Eurorean Bac AuruoRr

“ECB" ("BCE") means EUROPEAN CENTAL A (SACO CENTRAL EUROSKO).

“EA” ("EEE") means the EurOPEaN ECONOMIC AREA (ESPACIO ECONÓMICO Eto).

>Eligibllty Criteria" (Criterios de Elegil
úScbalElllty Crea

lidad") means both Individual Elgisity Catena and tne

EME" means the European Money Markets Insttute who provide and administeed the EURIEOR,

"Enforcement Event* (Supuesto de Ejecución”) means (2) the occurrence of any Issuer Event of
Default, descrbed in section 4.4.3.1 of the Securties Note; (0) the occurrence of any of the mandatary
“at Iquidation events descred In secton 4.4.3.2 of the Securities Noe, or (e the exercise by tne Ser
any cfthe Seller's Cal Options described in section 4.4.3.3 of the Securtes Not,

“ESMA" CAEVM") means the EUROTEAN SECURITIES NO MASKETS AUTAORITY (AUTORIDAD EUROPEA DE VALES
Y MERCADOS).

“ESMA List" (Listado ESMA”) means the st of STS-Securtisations maintained by ESMA,
Eu" (Unión Europea" 0 "UE") means the European Union.

“EU Disciosure IIS" ("Reglamentos Técnicos de Desarrollo de Implementación") mesos
Commission DelegatesReguation (E) 2020/1225 o 29 October 2019laying down mplementing technical
standards wi regaró to tre format and standardsed templates for malíng avale the Information and
etale of a securtsation by the onginator, sponsor and SSPE

“Eu Disciosure RTS" ("Reglamentos Técnicos de Desarrollo Regulatorio“) means Commission
Delegated Regulation (£U) 2020/1224 016 October 2019 supplementng the EU Secuntistion Regulation
th Fespec o regulatory technical standards speiying the Information and the detals oa securtisaion
to be made avallable by the orignator, sponsor and SS?E.

EU Due Diligence Requirements” ("Requisitos de diligencia debida de la Unión Europea") means
the due-dligene requirements established by article 5 o the EU Securtisation Regulation.



“EU PRIIPS Regulation” (Reglamento Europeo PRIIPS”) means Regulation (£U) NO 1286/2014 of
ne European Parlament and of the Council cf 26 November 2014 on key information documents for
pacaged reta and Insurance aseo Investment products (PRIP)

“Eu Securitisation Regulation” (Reglamento Europeo de Titulización”) means Reguiation (EU)
2017/2402 of the European Parlament and a tve Councl of 12 December 2017 laying down a general
*tramencrk for securtisavon and cresting a specific framenork for simple, transparent and standaraised
secuítisaton, and amending Diectes 2009/65/EC, 2009/138/Ec aná 2011/61/84 and Regulations (EC)
No. 1060/2009 and (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended from time to time.

“EU Securitisation Repository" (Registro Europeo de Tituizaciones") means EUrOPCAN
DATANAREKOUSE GvOH arpolmed by the Management Company, on behalf the Fund, as ESMA-registered
secuntisaton repository, er 1 SubStrutO,Successor or replacement tha S registered mi ESMA under
ne EU SecurtistionReguíation

“EURIBOR' means Euro-Zone interoank ofered rat,
"Eurosystem Eligble Collateral* ('Colateral Elegible para el Eurosistema”) means the assets

recognized as elige colateral for Eurosystem monetary pay and inra-day Cree operations by the
Eurosyatem eler upon ssue or at any or al times during tn le

“EUWA ("Ley de Salida de la Unión Europea”) means the European Union (Wilramal) Act 2018, as
amenced,

“Event of Replacement of the Servicar” "Supuesto de Sustitución del Administrador) means the
ccurrence ot any of te faloning events

(8) any breach of the obligatns of the Sevicer under the Deed of Incorporaton, In the reasonable
pion of the Management Company, and in parscuar, he oblgation o the Service o transfer to
tñe Fund the amounts receved from the Borrowers win tuo (2) Business Days a from recejt
(except fte bre ls dueto force majure), or

(8) an Insavency Event occurs in respect f the Service; and
(6) 3 SeracerVoluntarly Withdrawal Event

“Exchange Act” means re U.S. Securities Exchange Actof 1934, as amended,

“exaracráinary Expenses” ("Gastos Extraordinarios”) means, al expenses, f any, aii from the
preparation and execution af the amendments to the Deed af Incorporatan and he agreements, and the
execution of any additional agreement; the amount of the Initial expenses o Incorporatin of the Fund
“and Issuance of Notes exceeding the principal amount of the Start-Up Expenses Loan; the extraorinary
expenses of audis ana legal advice; expenses necessary to enforce the Loans and/or the guarantess or
ecurty thereunder and expenses aísin from any recovery actions; In general, any other extraordinary
«expenses borne by the Fund or by the Management Company for an on behalf the Fund,

“Final Maturty Date" ('Fecha de Vencimiento Final") means 21 Janvary 2038,

“Financial Intermediation Margin” (Margen de Intermediación Financiera”) means any variable
and suborcinated remuneraton 10 pic the Seller e entita

“rlest Payment Date"

imera Fecha de Pago”) means the Payment Date faling on 21 October 2025.
“Fit? means Foru Rarinos Ine Sos Banc, Sucuns En España

“Fitch Minimum Rating” ('Rating Mínimo de Fiteh”) has the meaning atrbuted in section 3.45. of
the Adatscnal Informatón.


"Fund" or "Issuer” ("Fondo") means SANTANDER CONSUMO 8, FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN

“Fund Accounts" ("Cuentas del Fondo") means the Cash Flow Account, the Prnisl Account and the
Swap Colateral Account

“Fund Accounts Provider" ("Proveedor de Cuentas del Fondo”) means Braco Srranoca, 5.

“General Tax Regulations” ("Reglamento General Fiscal") means general regulations regarding tax
management aná inspetion courses of action and procedures aná developing the common rules of tax
application procedures, passed by Royal Decree 1065/2007, af 27 July (Reglamento General de las
actuaciones y lo procedimientos de gestón e Inspección tnbutania y de desarol de las normas comunes
¿e los procedimientos de aplicación de lo tutos, aprobado por el Real Decreto 1065/2007, de 27 de
alo),

“Global Eigiby Criteria” ("Criterios de Elegibilidad Globales”) means the regutrements se fort
in section 2.22.3.2 of the Adsltonal Information o be satsied on esch Purchase Date (n adltion to the
Inavdual Edgy Criteria) n order for the AddlanalRecelvablee to be assigned to, and acquired by, the

*Guidelne" ("Directrices means Guldetie of the European Central Ban o 19 December 2014 on the
implementation o the Eurosystem monetary policy framenork (EC8/2014/60) (recae) as amended and
applicable rom bme o time.

“"HICP" ('IPCA”) means Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices,

"IBERCLEAR" means SOCIEOAD DE GESTIÓN DE LOS SISTEMAS DE REGISTA, COMPENSACIÓN y LrQUIDACIÓN DE

“Individual Eligibilty Criteria” (Criterios de Elegibiidad Individuales”) means tha individual
requirements to be met by each Recelvable fr their assigament and inclusion int Fund on each Purchase
Date (n respect of the Additional Recetvabes) and on the Date of Incorporation (ln respect or the Inia
Recelvables)

“Initial Interest Accrual Period" (Periodo de Devengo de Intereses Inicial”) means the duration
fte frs Interest AccrualPelod which will be equal o the days elapsed between the Disbursement Date
(inclusive) an the Frst Payment Date (not Includes)

“initial Recelvables” (Derechos de Crédito Iniciales") means each and any of the recevables
“ssignea to the Fund on the Date of Incorporan.

“initial Reserve Fund" (Importe Inicial del Fondo de Reserva") means an amount equal to 1,5% of
the intial balance of the Class A Notes, the Class Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class 1D Notas ana the
Class E Notes on the Date of Incorporaton.

"Insolveney Event” (Evento de Insolvencia") means, with respet to any entity, a decaration of
insolvency (declaración de concurso) n respect tnereto,

“Insurance Distribution Directivo” ("Directiva sobre Distribución de Seguros”) means Direct
(EU) 2016/97 ofthe European Partament an of the Council o! 20 January 2016 ón Insurance distibutio.

“Interest AccrualPerlod (Periodo de Devengo de Intereses”) mezns each pertod beginning on (and
Incluing) the previous Payment Date and ending on (but exclucing) tne immediately folning Payment

“Interest Rate" (Tipo de Interés”) means the rate o interest applicable to the Notes,


“Interest Rate Swap Agreement” (Contrato de Cobertura de Tipos de Interés") means, the
interest rate wap agreement to be entered into an the Date of Incorporaton between the Management
Company, in the name and on behalt of the Fund, and the Swap Counterparty in the form of an
Imematonal S4ADS ANO DERVATIVES ASSOCIATION 2002 Master Agreement, togetrer with th relevant
Schedule, Credit Support Amnex and Confrmatin hereunder subjet to Jah aw, as from time to Eme
modified in accordance with the provisns tnerein contained and including any agreement or csher
acument expressed to e supplemental here.

“Interest Rate Swap Calculation Agent” (Agente de Cálculo del Swap") means the Management
Company

"INTEX' means INTEK SOON, INC.

“Investment Company Act" (Ley de Sociedades de Inversión”) means the Investment Company Act
ef 1940, as amended.

“Issuer Event of Default" (Supuesto de Incumplimiento del Emisor”) means the occurence, on
“any Payment Date, o a default by the Fund in the payment o any Interest due and payablein respect of
the Most Senior Class of Notes (Unless, where the Class F Notes are the Most Senor Class of Notes),
provided that aná such default connues for a period at least fve (5) Business Days.

*zolnt Lead Managers” ('Entidades Coordinadoras”) means BANCO SANTANDER, S.A, UNICAEO SA
Gu, OA SECURITIES EURO, S.A, and CREDIT AGRICOLE CORFORATE ANO INVESTMENT BANK, Sr

"Law 10/2014" (Ley 10/2014") means Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on regulation, supervision and
solveney o create institutions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de
entidades de crédito),

"Law 16/2011" ("Ley 16/2011") means Law 16/2011 of June 24, on Consumer Credt Contra, as
“amended (Ley 16/2011, de 24 de Juno, de Crédito 21 Consumo).

"Law 27/2014" (Ley 27/2014") means Law 27/2014 of 27 November o Corporate Income Tax (Ley
27/2014, de 27 de noviembre, del Impuesto sobre Sociedades)

“Law 5/2015" (Ley 5/2015") means Law 5/2015, of 27 pri, on the Promotion of Enterprise Funding
(Ley 5/2015, de 27 de abr, de fomento de a financiación empresarial)

“Law 7/1998" (Ley 7/1998) means Law 7/1998, of 13 Ap, on General Contracting Conditions (Ley
27/1998, de 13 e abr, sobre condiciones generales de la contratación)

“Legal Maturity Date" (Fecha de Vencimiento Legal”) means 21 January 2040.
“Lex Code" (Código LEX") means the Legal Entry Idenfr code,

“Loan” 'Préstamo”) means the loans owned by the See granted to naviduas resident in Spain at the
time of execution o th relevant Loan agreement for financiag consumer financig, without lmitaton,
ebtor's expenatures (ncluing small consumer expendiures and other non-deñned expenditures), the
purchase of consumer goods in As broadest sense, Incluaing inising home working construction, the
Purcnase of gcods (ncludhg the acguisiton of new and used venie or semvica=), from which the
Recelvabies hallarse,

“Management Company” (Sociedad Gestora”) means SrxtanoeK 0 TIUIZACIÓN SGT, SA
“Management, placement and Subscription Agreement” (Contrato de Dirección y Suscripción”)

means the Mansgemen, lacement and Subscription Agreement to be entered into by, among others, the
Management Company, for and on benal of the Fun the Jlnt Lead Managers, and the Seller.


“Master Sale and Purchase Agreement” ('Contrato Marco de Cesión de Derechos de Crédito”)
means the recelables master sale and purchase agreement to be entered by the Management Company,
for aná an behalf of the Fund, and the Seller by vitue of wnic the Recelables hall e assigned to the

“Materialty Threshold” (Umbral de Materlalidad") means any amount which exceeds the materalty
thresholás set In accordance with Artie 178(2)(8) of Regulation (EU) No 573/2013, as amendes. For the
avoldance of doubt, any technical past due situations shal not be considered as detauts

Maximum Recelvables Amount" (Importe Máximo de Derechos de Crédito”) means the maximum
“amount of the Outstanding Balance o the Recelvables pool in the Fund, which il be an amount equal
o or signtly higher than ONE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED MILLION EUROS (€ 1,500,000,000).

"MOBRS Minimum Rating" (Rating Mínimo de MDBRS") as tre meaning atbutes n section 3.4.5.1
af tne Acditanal Information.

"MIFID XI” ('MIFID 11") means Diretve 2014/65/UE of the European Parlament and of the Councl of
15 May 2014 on markets in financial Instruments aná amencing Directe 2002/92/EC and Directv
ojeras

"MIFIR” (MIFIR”) means Regulation 600/2013/4E of the European Parlament and of Counal af 15 May
2014 on markets in fnancia Instruments and amencing Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012.

"Modified Following Business Day Convention” (Convención del Siguiente Día HábU
Modificado”) means the convention by Vtue uf which 1 Payment Date not Business Day, such date
úshallbe postponea to the next ay thats a Business Day Unless lt woulatherby fl into tn next calendar
month, in WNich event Such date shall be brought forvara to the immedataly precesing Business Day.
“Most Senior Class of Notes" ("Clase Más Senior de Bonos") means:

(8) the Class A notes (for so long there are Class A Notes outstanding), or

(0) If o Class A Notes are outstanding, the Class 8 Notes (for so long there are Class 8 Notes
outstanding), or

(6) lo Css Notes ae custanano, te Clos € Notes or 5 lang tere are Css noes
cuteandg), or

(6) If no Class C Notes are outstanding, the Class D Notes (fo so long there are Class D Notes
outstanding), or

(e) If no Class D Notes are outstanding, the Cass E Notes (for so long there are Class E Notes
outstanding), or

(0 If no Class E Notes are outstanding, the Class F Notes (fo so long there are Class F Notes
cutsandoo)

“Non-Defaulted Recelvables" (Derechos de Crédito No Fallidos”) means, at any tm, any
Recelvable tati nt a DefaultedRecelvabe.

*Noteholder(2)" ('Bonistas”) mesns any and all holder of any of the Nate,

“Notes” ("Bonos") means any and allthe notes under any of the Ciasses,


“Notes Maturity Date" (Fecha de Vencimiento de los Bonos”) means 21 January 2040 (subject to
the Modifa Foloming Business Day Convention)

*Notional Amount" Importe Nacional”) shall be equal:

(8) on the First Payment Date, to the Outstanding Balance of the Non-Defaulted Recelvables at the
Dispursement Date

(0) From the Ftst Payment Date (excludes), to the Outstanding Balance cf the Non-Defauted
Recevables on the preceding Determination Date

*Novation Agreement” ("Contrato de Novación”)shal have the meaning gen o that term in section
3.4.8 (pre-hedge) of the Adálional Information,

“offer Date" (Fecha de Oferta") means tre dates comesponding to tre sisth (St) Business Day
preceding the relevant Payment Date during the Revolving Period on which the Seler vil offer to the
Management Company the assgnment of the Acgitonal Recevabls Include in tn aesigament offer

“offer Request Dates" (Fechas de Solicitud de Oferta") means tne dates corresponding to the sign
(8?) Business Day precedg the relevant Payment Date during the Revalvng Period on which the
Management Company wi request the Seller the ascgemen ol Adital Recelvables to th Fund

“Ordinary Expenses” (“Gastos Ordinarios”) means, as applicable, the expenses arisng rom
ompulory acmiisratie verficaions, regitatios aná authoristins (ciher than payment of he intial
“expenses or the ncorporatn of the Fund and lssuance of the Notes), and admission expenses and the
úngoig fee payabl o the EU Securtisation Repostry, INTEX and Sicomberg; expenses relatng to the
keeping of the accounting records of the Notes, for tir admission to trading on organised secondary
market, and for the maintenance there, expenses ari from the amual ads the Fund's financial
Statements; expenses asin from the Rating Agencies fees for the monitoring and maintenance f the
ratings for the Notes; expenses rising from tre recemption of the Notes; expenses related to any notices
“nd announcements that, in accordance ulththe provision cF NS Prospects, must be glven to the holders
a oststandig Notes; the Paying Agents fees and the Management Company s fees, part of PCS fee not
pa ntialy and in general, any other expenses born by Ene Management Company and aring from ts
utis relating to the representation and management of the Fund.

“Organle Law 3/2018" (Ley Orgánica 3/2018") means the Spanish Organic Law 3/2018, of 4
December 2018, on the Personal Data and digital figs protection (Ley Orgánka 3/2028, de 5 de
lciembe, de Protección de Datos Personales y garantía delos derechos digitales

“outstanding Balance” (Saldo Vivo") means at any Ume and with respect to the relevant aset the
principal amount due and uncolsted togetner wit Ene principal amounts o th relevant asset nat yet

“outstanding Balance of the Defaulted Recelvables" ('Saldo Vivo de Derechos de Crédito No
Fallidos") means at any time te principal amount= due and uncolcteo togetner with e principal
“mounts af the Defauted Receivables

“outstanding Balance of the Non-Defaulted Recelvables” ("Saldo Vivo de Derechos de Crádito
No Falldos") means at any me the pinial amounts due and uncollected together wit the principal
“amounts of the Non-DefauteRecetvabls

“par Value” (Valor Nominal") means at any time the Outstanding Balance of the Recelvable together
th allaccrues but unpald interest tnereon at such me

“paying Agent" ("Agente de Pagos”) means Baco Sarrasoes, S.A. n Es capacity as paying agent
apponted by the Management Company, or Such other entty as may be selecta by the Management
“Company, on behalf of the Fund, t act in place



“paying Agent Agreement” ("Contrato de Agencia de Pagos”) means the paying agent agreement to
be enteres into by the Management Company, for and on behalf the Fund, ad the Paying Agent

“Payment Dates" ("Fechas de Pago") means the 21% of January, Apr, Juy and October of each year
(Subject to Modifica Falloaing Business Day Convention)

"PCS" means Prane Cousrenaseo Secuses (PCS) EU SAS.
“PCS Assessments" ("Informes de PES") means STS Verification and CRR Assessment Isued by PCS,
"Pérerlorca” means PéREz-LLORCA ABOGADOS, SLP.

“Personal Data Record” 0. "PDR” (Registro de Datos Personales”) means record ef the personal
ata of Borravers in accordance wit th terms se for in section 3.71. 0f the Adina! Informatio.

“Post-Enforcement Available Funds” (Fondos Disponibles de Liquidación”) means the sum of 2)
Avallable Funds and b) any amounts obtain from the liquida cf the remaining Recelvables or any other
szst trat belongs to the Fund, 2s provided on section 4.42 af the Registration Document.

*Post-Entorcement Priority of Payments” (Orden de prelación de Pagos de Liquidación”) means
the prormy of payments applicable upon he occurrence of an Enforcement Even.

"PRA" CARP" o "Autoridad de Regulación Prudencial") means the Prusental Regulation Authorty.

pre-Entorcement priority of Payments" ("Orden de Prelación de Pagos Pre-Liquidación”) means
the order of priorty forthe application the payment or deductio obliatios ofthe Fund, both as regarás
the appicaton of he Avalable Funds, wNch applicable on each Payment Date prior to the occurence
tan Enforcement Event as set fot in secton 2.4.7.2 of the Adacosl Information.

“pre-Hedge Transaction” (Operación de Pre-Hedge") shal have the meaning gen to that term in
section 3.4.1 (gre-heóge) of the Addticnal Information.

“pre-Hedge Novation Amount" (Cantidad a Pagar por la Novación de la Operación de Pre-
Hedge") Shall have the meaning glven to that term in Section 3.4.8.1 (pre-hedge) of tne Additional
information

*pre-Hedge Rate" (Tipo Aplicable bajo la Operación de Pre-Hedge”) shal have the meaning given
to that tem In section 3.4.8.1 (9ve-hedge) of the Additional Information.

“Preliminary Porttolo” (Cartera Preliminar”) means the preiminary loan porto comprising 126,061
Leane from Mich the Recelvablesshal be selected,

“priority of Payments” (Orden de Prelación de Pagos") mens the Pre-Enforcement Prioty of
Payments or the post Enforcement Priority of Payments a apglcale

“principal Account” (Cuenta de Principal”) means he account to be opened with Banco Santander in
the name of the Fund by the Management Company, the operation of Wch will be covered by the
Relnvestment Agreement

“principal Amount Outstanding” (Saldo Vivo de Principal de los Bonos”) means, at any me and
ti espect to any Notes, the principal amount of the Notes upon issue less the aggregate amount of
principal paymente made on such Nates on or rior to such date

“principal Target Redemption Amount" (Importe Objetivo de Amortización de Principal”) means
“an amount equal to the minimum af: (a) tre alference on that Determination Date immediately precedig
the relevant Payment Date between: () the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Clas A Notes, Clas 8
Notas, Class C Notes, Class D Notes ana Class E Notes, minus (1) he aggregateofthe Outstanding Balance



fte non-Osfauited Recetabes on the Determination Date, and (5) the Avalable Funós, following the
“ultiment of the Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments until (and Incluing) the tenth (10”) place as
provides in section 3.4.7.2 (1) o he Acditonal Information

*pro-Rata Redemption Amount" (Importe Objetivo de Amortización Pro-Rata") for each Class of
Notes, means an amount equal to the Principal Target Redemption Amount mulipd by the Pro-Rata
Redemption Rato o each Clas of Notes

“pro-Rata Redemption Period" "Periodo de Amortización Pro-Rata") mesns the period starting on
ne date of terminaron af the Revolving Period ana ending on the Payment Date immedatey following te
ccuence ot a Susordination Event

pro-Rata Redemption Ratio” ('Ratio de Amortización Pro-Rata") means, for each of the Class A
Notes, te Class 8 Note, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes and the Class E Notes, the percentage that
resul from the following ratio:

(2) the Principal Amount Outstanding of te relevant Clas of Notes,

(2) divided by te sum ofthe Principal Amount Outstanding ef the Class A Notes, tne Clas Notes, the
Class C Notes, the Clas D Notes and the Class E Notes,

and calculated for esch Interest Accrual Period using the Principal Amount Outstanding before tne
application of tnePre-Enforcement Port a Payments.

*prospectus” ("Folleto”) means tn document registered in the CNI, a provided for in th Prospectus
Regulation aná the Prospectus Delegated Regulation

*prospectus Delegated Regulation” "Reglamento Delegado de Folletos”) means the Commission
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, supplementing Regulation (EW) 2017/1129 of the
European Pariament aná of the COuACI as regards the format, Content, Scrutiny and approval of the
prospectus to be publsheo when securies are ofereo to the publi or admita to traing on a regulated
market, aná repealing Comision Regulation (EC) No. 509/2004, as amendes,

“prospectus Regulation" (Reglamento de Folletos") means Regulation (EU) 2017/2129 ot tne
European Parlament and of the Caunci_ef 14 June 2017 on the prospects o be published ven securites
are oflereato the publ or aómited to trading ona regulated market, and repealn Diretve 2005/71/EC.

“Purchase Date” ("Fecha de Compra”) means, n respect of any AddticnalRecelvable, the date faling
no later than on th ft (Sth) Business Day preceding the relevant Payment Date, WNich coresponás to
the date of the dellery by the Management Company o he written notice accepting the assignment o all
or part ofte AsdtionalRecewable,

“Rated Notes” ("Bonos con Rating”) mens the Class A Notes, the Clas 8 Notes, the Class C Notes,
ne Cass D Motes and tne Class E Notes

“Rating Agencies” (Agencias de Callicación”) means FTC and MOBRS.

"Recelvables” ("Derechos de Crédito") means the recelvables assined to the Fund wich represent
950% (as af the Date of Incorporatin in connection vii the Initial Receables and as f the relevant
Purchase Date In connection with the Addrional Recelvable) o any and al o the recewables aring from
ne Loans in tn terms described in secon 3.3.2 tre Adltonal Information. Fr claficaton purposes,
*Racetvables” includes both IntilRecelvables and AdalcnalRecelvables

“Reference Rate” (TIpo de Referencia”) means the reference rate for determining th Interest ate
applicable o the Notes in acerdance wth section 4.4 of the Securities Not,



“Reference Rate Determination Date" ("Fecha de Determinación del Tipo de Referencia”) means,
tor any Interest Accrual Pero (other tnan the Initial Interest Accrual Period), two (2) Business Days prior
o the Payment Date, and for the Intl Interest Acrual Pelos, the Date of Incorporatn,

“Refinancing or Restructuring" (Refinanciación o Restructuración") means the refnancing or
restructurng o the Loans provides for in () Bank of Spain Circular 4/2017 (as amendes by Bank of Spain
ircalar 1/2023); (1) Bani of Spain Crculr 1/2013, of May 24, on the Central o Information of Risk
(Circular 1/2013, de 24 de mayo, del Banco de España, sobre la Central de Información e Riesgos)
“any guidelines tat the ESA may sue In order to better define fomearance measures

“Registration Document” (Documento de Registro”) means the asset-backed securtes registration
Cent is rss, prepares Lio e tine pres nar te Prospecta Degas
Regulation.

Regulation S” Regulación 5”) means the Regulation S under the Unted States Securities At

*Reguiatory Change Call Option” ("Opción de Compra por un Supuesto de Cambio Regulatorio")
means the event by vrte of Which the Seller has the option to (ut not the oblgation) to Insruc the
Management Company to carry st an Ea Uquidation o the Fund and an Ely Redempton o the Notes
in wie (but not in par) and hence repurchase at ls own dscreton al outstanding Recelvales when a
Regulatory Change Event occus.

“Reguiatory Change Event" (Supuesto de Cambio Regulatorio") means () any enactment or
implementation ol, or supplement or amendment to, r change in any applicable lau, ol, rule, gudele
or tegulatn of any competant Itematora, European or national body (ncucing the European Central
Bank, the PRA or any Ciñer competen Intemationl, European or national regultory or Supenasory
autnorty) or the applicaton or ofi Interpretation ol, or view expressed by any Such competent body
th respect to, any Such law, regulation, ful, poliy or guldelne; or (1) a notification by or other
communication from an aplicable reglatory or supervisory authorly l received by the Saler with respect
o the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, which, In elther case, occur an or after
the Date o Incorporation and results in, or wouláinthereasonabie opinion o the Seller result in, a material
acuer change In the ate of feturn on capta the Fund and/or the Seller or materia increasing the
ost or matenaly regucing tne bene for Ine Seller of Ene transactons contempla by the Transacton

"Regulatory PD" (Probabilidad de Impago Reglamentaria”) refers to the probabilty of a borrower
being able 10 mest ts payments obligation under the Loans over a ane-year pes as stated in arce
163 of CAR. Regulatory PO 's based on a Trough-the-Cycte (TIC) approach according o the guidelines
on Regulatory PD estimation, LGD estimation and the treatment of defaulted exposures publish by ESA.

"Relnvestment Agreement” (Contrato de Reinversión') means the agreement by vrtue of unicn y
viue Cf wéich the Fund Accounts wil be openea ín the Books of Banco Santander on the Date of
Incorporaton

"Relevant Screen” (Pantalla Relevante") means the Reuters page EURIBORO! (inclucing, without
limitan, Reuters) for the purposes of providing the EURIBOR Under the Start-Up Expenses Loan
Agreement

“Reporting Entity" ("Entidad Informadora”) means the Originator, as entty desgnated to fut the
information requirements according to EU Securtisation Reguation.

*Repurchase Value” (Valor de Recompra”) means at any time () in respect of any Recelvabl other
tan 3 Defauled Recelvabe, Par Value, and (1) in respect o? a Defaulteg Recevable, Par Value les any
Sellers provisinsalocatad mil respecto such Recelvable matching ts book value on the Sel balance
Sheet auch me.


“Required Level of the Reserve Fund" ('Nlvel Requerido del Fondo de Reserva") has th meaning
ascrbed in 3.22 ofre Agáitanal Information.

"Reserve Fund” (Fondo de Reserva") means the Reserve Fund to be funded by the Management
Company, or and on behalf of tne Fund, In compliance wi the provision of Section 3.4.2.2 of the
Acdftanal Information,

"Reserve Fund Termination Date” ("Fecha de Terminación del Fondo de Reserva”) mens the
cer o

(2) the Legal Maturay Date
(9) the Payment Date on vch there 1s no longer any Non-Defaulted Recevabls outstanding

(c) the Payment Date on which the Class A Notes, he Cass Notes, the Class € Notes the Class Notes
“nd the Class E Notas are reccemed in fly and

(6) he Payment Date immediate folowing the occurence of an Enforcement Event

"Revolving Period" (Periodo de Recarga”) has he meaning provided in section 4.92, ofthne Securities

“Revolving Period Early Termination Event" (Supuesto de Terminación Anticipada del Periodo
de Recarga”) has the meaning provided in section 4.3 of the Securtes Note

*Revolving Period End Date" ("Fecha de Terminación del Periodo de Recarga”) has the meaning
provides in secon 4.6.3 of ne Secunties Nate

"Restructured Recelvable' ("Derecho de Crédito Reestructurado") means a Recelvable here a
Restruturing has occurred.

"Restructuring” (Reestructuración”) mesos, with respect to a Recelvabl, the forglvenes, reduction
or postponement of principal, nerest or fees or a change in the ranking, priority or subordination such
blgatn (together, the "Restructuring Events” ('Supuestos de Reestructuración”), provide that
Such decision, with respect to the Restructurig Events, wil e made: () with regar to tha standard of
2 feasonable and prudent holder of Such obligatin (dsregarding for such purposes the eftet o any
Secutisacon of such Recelvable but taking nto account any security or collteral alocable to that
Recelvabe); and (1) wi the Inte that Such Restrucuring ls to minimise any expect loss in respect of
Such Recelvabe

“Risk Factors" (Factores de Riesgo") mesns the descriton in tisProspects o he major risk factors
lnkes to the Issue, the Securities and tneaseetsbacing the Issue.

“Royal Decree 814/2023" ("Real Decreto 814/2023") Royal Decres 814/2023 of 8 November on
financial Instruments, admission to trading, registration of securties and market Inrasrucures (Real
Decreto 814/2023, de 8 de noviembre, Sobre Instrumentos financieros, admisión a negociación, registro
¿e Valores negociaes e Infraestructuras de mercado)

"Santander Totta" means 4100 SANTANOER TOA, S.A

Screen Page" (Pantalla) means the Reuters where the Reference Rate is pub on.

Securities Market Act" (Ley de los Mercados de Valores") means Law 6/2023 of 17 Maren on

Secutes Markets and Investment Services (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y
¿e os Servico de Inversión)


"Securities Note" (Nota de Valores”) means the securties note in this Prospectus, prepared using the
ute provided in Amex 15 of the Prospectus Delegated Regula.

*Securitisation EU Exit Regulations” ("Reglamentos de Titlización de Salida de la UE") means te
Securtisation (Amendment) (EU Ext) Regulations 2019,

“Seller” or Originator" ('Cedente" y "Originador”) means Banco Santander.

“sellers Call Options" (Opciones de Compra del Cedente") means jointiy the Ciean-up Cal Option,
the Regulatory Change Cal Option and the Tax Change Cal Option

*sequental Redemption Period" (Periodo de Amortización Secuencal") means the peros starting
tom (ana Incluaing) te Payment Date immectatey following the occurence o a Subordinaton Event aná
ending on (an Inclucing) tne earlier o () the Legal Mature Date; or (1) the Payment Date on which the
Class A Notes, the Class 8 Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class O Notes and the Class E Notes mil e
racer in fl

*Servicer” Administrador") means Banco Santander.

"Servicer Event Reserve Amount" (Importe dela Reserva para Imprevistos del Administrador”)
has the meaning atibuted in section 3.7.1.14 of the Adálinal Information

"servicer Event Reserve Trigger” (Trigger de la Reserva para Imprevistos del Administrador”)
has the meaning atributed in section 3.7.1.14 of the Additional Information

'servicers Fee” (Comisión del Administrador") means the fee that the Service has the right to
racawe as consideration for being in charge ol he custody, administration and management of the Loan,

*servicing Policies" (Polcas de Gestión”) means the serving and management police usual
applies by the Serucer n relation to the Recelvables, as amendes from time to Eme.

vServicer Voluntarily Withdrawal Event* means the event on when the Service voluntarly decides
otto adminster and manage the Recelvables permites by laws ln force from time to time,

“spanish Civil Code” ("Código Civil") means Royal Decres of 24 Ju 1889 publishing the Spanish Cial

“spanish Commercial Code" ("Código de Comercio”) means the Spanish Commercial Code publshes
by Vitue of the Royal Dectee of 22 August 1885

“Spanish Insolvency Law" (Ley Concursal”) means the Royal Legisistive Decree 1/2020, of May 5,
ú“anpraving the recast ol the Insolveny Law (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de $ de mayo, porel que se
aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal), as amendd from time to time an, n particular, ut not
límite to, by the law 16/2022 of 5 September 2022 for the transpositn of th Directv (EU) 2019/1023
ftne European Parlament and of he Councl

Securitisation Report on the Preliminary Portfolio" "Informe Especial de Tituización
sobre la Cartera Preliminar") mozas the report ssued by Delote for the purposes of arte 22 one
EU Securtieaton Reguiaton on certain features and atrbutes of a sample of the 461 selected loas,
Incluang vercion o () the accuracy of the data dsciosed in the sratfcaion tables included in section
22.22 o the Adóktional Information, (1) the futiment of the Elgualty Cte as set forn in section
22.23 of the Additional Information, and (1) the CPR tabls includes in Section 4.20 of the Securtes

"SSPE" means securtsation special purpose entry.


*STS Notification” “Notificación STS”) means he TS notífcaton o be submitted by the Originator to
ESA in accordance vt arce 27 of the EU Securtiation Regulation.

'STS-Securitisaion” (Tituización-STS") means a simple, transparent and standareised securtization
according a tne EU Securtiation Regulatioo.

*STS Verification” ("Verificación STS”) mezns the assessment ofthe compliance of the Notes with the
requremente of artes 1910 22 of the EU SecurtieationReguaton prepared by PES.

"Subseriber” (Entidad Suscriptora”) means Banco Satanoer, S.A. as Subscrber the Cass A Notes,
teclas Bota, he Class C Notes, the Class 1D Notes, the Class Notes ana the Class F Notes not placed
among Gualied Investors by the Joint Leza Managers in accordance with the provision of the
Management, Placement and Subscription Agreement

*Start-Up Expenses Loan” ("Préstamo de Gastos Iniciales") means the subordinates loan granted by
Banco Santander to the Fund or a total amount n an estimated range from TWO MILLION EUROS (€
2,000,0000) to FOURTEEH MILLION EUROS (£ 14,000,000), to be usea for the purposes of financing the
expenses incured in the Incorporaton of the Fund aná sue of he Notas

*start-Up Expenses Loan Agreement" ("Contrato de Préstamo de Gastos Iniciales”) means the
úsubordinated loan agreement to be entered into by the Management Company, fo and on behalf o the
Funa, and Banco Santander, to be used for the purposes cf financing the expenses Incured in the
Incorporaio of the Fund and Isue of the Notes.

'start-Up Expenses Loan Provider" ("Proveedor del Préstamo Subor
Santander.

do") means Banco

"Subordination Event” (Supuesto de Subordinación”) means the occurrene of any af the folowing
“events n respect ol any Determination Date porto the Legal Maturty Date, or the Eaiy Redemption al
ne Notes

(2) — Tre Cumutatve Default Ratio exceeds on the Determinaton Dste immedately prececing tn
following Payment Dates

() 0025 145%
(0) anzs 175%
(O meras 2.05%
(9 utzs 245%
() 026 275%
(O an27 215%
(mz 245%
(0 dutar 275%
0 07 4.05%
0 nas 435%
ES 4.55%
0 dute 495%
(m 0028 525%
(0) anzo 555%
(0) — Fromapr-29 (Included) onuards 5.55%


(0) the Outstanding Balance ofhe Recetables asing from Loans grantes to te same Borrower, as at
the Immediay preceaing Determination Date, ls equal to, orhigherthan 0.10% of te Outstanding
Balance of the Recaables pocled in the Fund; or

(E) the See defauts in te performance or obsemance of any of lt oblgatioos under any of tne
Transaction Document to which ts a party (uness uch defaults are remeded within ny (30)
Business Days) or

(6) — an Eventof Replacement of he Sevicer (as this terms defined in section 37.1. of he Adgitonal
Information) ocurs; or

(e) a Swap Counterpary Downgrade Event (as Is term is defined in ts section 4.9.2.1) occurs and
one af the remedies provided for In the Interest Rate Swap Agreement and described in section
3.4.8 ofthe Addtional Information ae put in paca titi the Emeame required thereunder; or

(0 the ColatealTlggers less than or equal to 99.50% fortwo consecutve Determination Dates; or

(8)  afallreto maintain the Reserve Fund atthe Required Level o he Reserue Fund In two consecurive
Payment tes; or

(0) occurrence ota Cean-Up Cal Event, or
(0 the exercise of Sellers Cal Optios
"Subscription Date" ("Fecha de Suscripción”) mesns 26 May 2025.

"Subseription Peri
nal 1200 p.m. CET.

11" (Periodo de Suscripción”) means the Subscription Date from 9,00 2.m. CET

“Swap Collateral Account” ("Cuenta de Colateral Swap") means the Euro denominated account
estabished in the name of the Fund, or Such orher substute account as may be opened in accordance
"st the Reinvestmen Agreement,

“Swap Counterparty” ("Contrapartida del Swap") means Barco Sawranoes, S.A

“Swap Counterparty Downgrade Event" (Supuesto de Descenso en la Calificación de la
Contrapartida del Swap") mesns the crcumstance that the Swap Counterpaty ar lis cre suppor
provider, pursuant to the interes Rate Swap Agreement (as applcane), sufere a rating downgrade below
the Suap Required Ratings

“Swap Early Termination Amount" (Importe de Terminación Anticipada del Swap”) means any
payment due to the existing Swap Countemany by the Fund or to ne Fund by the existing Suap
Koumerparty, includng Inerest that may accrue thereon, under the existing Interest Rate Snap
Agreement n ase o ea terminstion af the Interest Rate Swap Agreement dueto an "event of default
or "terminaton event under the Interes Rate Sup Agreement

"Swap Replacement Proceeds” (Importe por sustitución del Swap") mezns any amounts recewed
tom a replacement Suap Coomterparty n consideran for entering into a replacement Interes Rate Sap
Agreement

"Swap Required Ratings" ("Ratings Requeridos del Swap”) means the nital and subsequent ratings
required to the Sup Counterparty under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement by each Rating Agency,
“nic vil depend on the raings alocated by each Rating Agency to the Swap Counterparty from time to
time, The nial required ratings to the Swap Counterpanty are set out In Section 34.1 0 he Addkional
information.

+12" means the Real-Time Gross Setiement System operated by the Eurosystem.


12 Business Day" ("Día HábIl 12") means day on which 12 s open.

*Tax Change Call Option” ("Opción de Compra por un Evento de Cambio Fiscal") meaos the event
by itue oflhich the Seller has the option to (ur nt the bligaion) o Instruc the Management Company.
o carry out an Eary Liquiatin of the Fund and an Esry Redempton of the Notes in whole (but not ln
par) aná hence repurchase 8t ts om discreon al outstanding Recelvables, hen Tax Change Event

Tax Change Event" (Evento de Cambio Fiscal") means any event after the Date of Incorporan
arsing from changes in elevan taxation law and accounting provilons and/or regulation (or oficial
Interpretation af that taxacon law and accounting proviions and/or regulation by autnontis) as a
«onsequence o uhich the Fund 1 0 becomes at any time requires by law to deduct or uta, n respect
St any payment under any ot he Notes, any present or future taxes, levies or governmental charges,
regardees of their nature, which are imposed under any applcable legal system or ln any Country mit
competent jrsetio, or for the account of, any poltcal subdivision thereof or govemment agency
autnonses to lewy taxes, that matenal afccs the allocaion of benefts among the parte of ne

Transaction Documents" ("Documentos de la Operación”) means () the Deeá f Incorporaton of
the Fund; (1) the Sale aná Purchase Agreement; () the Management, Placement and Subscription
Agreement; () ne Stat-Up Expenses Loan Agreement; (4) te Reinvestment Agreement; (vi the Paying
Agent Agreement; (vi) te Interast Rate Swap Agreement; aná (vi) ay other documents execued from
time to Eme after the Date of Incorporation n connection with the Fund and designated as such by the
relevant partes

“transaction

ties" ("Partes de la Operación") means the parties to the Transaction Documents

“transfer Tax and Stamp Duty Act" ("Ley del Impuesto sobre Transmisión y Actos Jurídicos
Documentados”) means the consoiated text of the Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty Act approved y
Legsiatwe Royal Decree 1/1993 of 24 September (Real Decreto Legsatvo /1903, de 24 de septiembre,
por el que se aprueba e Texto refundido dela Ley del Impuesto obre Transmisiones Patmonials y Actos
Buridicos Documentados.

uk" ("Reino Unido”) means the United Kingdom.

“UK Afected Investors" (Inversores Afect
“Important Notice — UK Afected Investors"

los del Relno Unido”) has the meaning glen to len

“UK Due Diligence Requirements” (Requisitos de Diligencia Det
meaning gluen to tin "Important Notice - UK Affectad Investors”.

del Reino Unido") as the

“UK MIFIR" CMIFIR de Reino Unido”) nas the meaning given to lt in "Important Notice UK Product

“UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules” (Normas de Gobernanza de producto de MIFIR de Reino
Unido”) has the meaning gven to tin “Important Notice — UK Produet Govemance”.

“uk PRITPS Regulation” (Reglamento PRIIPS de Relno Unido”) has the meaning gluen to in
“important Notice = Prospectus”

“UK Securitisation Frameuiork” (Marco Regulatorio de Titulización de Reino Unido”) means the
Secuntieaton Regulstins 2024 (as amended, the "SR 2024"), together sit () the secuntieaton.
ourcebook o the handbook of rules and guicance adopted by the Financial Conduct Authonty (the
“ECA') ofthe United Kingaom (the "SECN”) (1) the Securitization Part of the ruebook of pablisnes
polly the Prudential Regulation Authority oFthe Bank of England (the "PRASR”) and (l) relevant
Provisins of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amende, the "FSMA”)


“UKSTS" (STS del Reino Unido”) the meaning gvento In "Important Notice - UK Atfeted Investors".
“Unicredlt" mens Unir: Bank Gb,

“United States Securities Act” (Ley de Valores de Estados Unidos”) means the United States
¡ecures Act of 1933, as amendeo,

U.S, Risk Retention Rules (Reglas de Retención del Riesgo de Estados Unidos") means tre credit
sk retenton regulatons lesued under Section 15G of the US. Securites Exchange Act of 1934, 88
amenced,

"VAT ACI (Ley del IVA”) means the Law 37/1992, 028 December, on Value Added Tax,

*Voleker Rule" (Regla Volcker" o "Ley Volcker") means section 619 of the US. Docd-Frank Act and
the corresponding Implementing rule,


