Prospectus approved and registered with the CNMV on 6 April 2017 
 
 
Columbus Master Credit Cards 
Fondo de Titulización 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
NOTES ISSUE PROGRAMME 
FOR A MAXIMUM OUTSTANDING BALANCE OF UP TO €2,000,000,000 
 
Backed by credit rights arising from credit cards issued to individuals 
transferred by  
SERVICIOS FINANCIEROS CARREFOUR, E.F.C., S.A.  
 
 
 
 
Arrangers  
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. 
  
 
 
 
NATIXIS 
 
Paying Agent 
  
 
Management Company 
 
 
 
 


 
2 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE – BASE PROSPECTUS 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED) OR TO ANY 
PERSON OR ADDRESS IN THE UNITED STATES 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base 
Prospectus following this page and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading, 
accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base Prospectus, you 
agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any modifications thereto. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR 
A SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO BUY THE NOTES DESCRIBED IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. 
FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) OR THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER RELEVANT 
JURISDICTION AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE 
U.S. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION S)), EXCEPT PURSUANT 
TO AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS.  THE FOLLOWING 
BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER 
PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOVER, AND IN 
PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR TO ANY U.S. 
ADDRESS. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION 
OF THE SECURITIES OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
THE SELLER INTENDS TO RELY ON AN EXEMPTION PROVIDED FOR IN SECTION 20 OF 
THE U.S. RISK RETENTION RULES REGARDING NON-U.S. TRANSACTIONS THAT MEET 
CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS. CONSEQUENTLY, (A) ON ANY ISSUE DATE, THE NOTES 
OFFERED AND SOLD BY THE ISSUER MAY NOT BE PURCHASED BY ANY PERSON 
EXCEPT FOR PERSONS THAT ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED UNDER THE U.S. 
RISK RETENTION RULES (RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSONS) AND (B) DURING THE 
DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED TO 
ANY PERSON EXCEPT FOR PERSONS THAT ARE NOT RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSONS 
(U.S. 
RISK 
RETENTION 
TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS). 
PURCHASERS 
AND 
TRANSFEREES OF THE NOTES, INCLUDING BENEFICIAL INTERESTS THEREIN, WILL BE 
DEEMED, AND IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES WILL BE REQUIRED, TO HAVE MADE 
CERTAIN 
REPRESENTATIONS 
AND 
AGREEMENTS, 
INCLUDING 
THAT 
EACH 
PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE (1) IS NOT A RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSON, (2) IS 


 
3 
 
ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO DISTRIBUTE SUCH NOTE AND (3) IS NOT 
ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN AS PART OF A SCHEME 
TO EVADE THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. RISK RETENTION RULES. PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE DEFINITION OF “U.S. PERSON” IN THE U.S. RISK 
RETENTION RULES IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO, BUT NOT IDENTICAL TO, THE 
DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON UNDER REGULATION S.  SEE "CERTAIN REGULATORY AND 
INDUSTRY DISCLOSURES – U.S. RISK RETENTION REQUIREMENTS".  
 
The Seller, as the Sponsor under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, does not intend to retain at least 5 per 
cent. of the credit risk of the Fund for purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, but rather intends to 
rely on an exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules regarding non-U.S. 
transactions. See "Certain Regulatory and Industry Disclosures – U.S. Risk Retention Requirements".  
The Base Prospectus is being sent at your request and by accepting the email and accessing the Base 
Prospectus, you shall be deemed to have represented to us that you have understood the agreed terms 
set out herein, that you are not a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S) or acting for the 
account or benefit of a U.S. person, that the electronic mail address that you have given to us and to 
which this email has been delivered is not located in the United States or its territories or possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the North 
Mariana Islands), and that you consent to delivery of the Base Prospectus by electronic transmission. 
If you are in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (the UK), you are a qualified 
investor (i) which is an investment professional within the meaning of article 19(5) of the UK 
Financial Services and Markets Acts 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the Order) or a high 
net worth entity falling within article 49 of the Order, and (ii) to whom it may otherwise lawfully be 
communicated (any such person being referred to as a “relevant person”); (iii) if you are in any 
Member State other than the UK, you are a “qualified investor” within the meaning of article 2(1)(e) 
of Directive 2003/71/EC as amended (the Prospectus Directive); (iv) if you are acting as a financial 
intermediary (as that term is used in article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive), the securities acquired 
by you as a financial intermediary in the offer have not been acquired on a non-discretionary basis on 
behalf of, nor have they been acquired with a view to their offer or resale to, any person in 
circumstances which may give rise to an offer of any securities to the public other than their offer or 
resale in any Member State which has implemented the Prospectus Directive to qualified investors; 
(v) if paragraphs (ii) through (iv) do not apply, you are outside of the UK or EEA (and the electronic 
mail addresses that you gave us and to which the following Base Prospectus has been delivered are 
not located in such jurisdictions); and (vi) in all cases, you are a person into whose possession the 
following Base Prospectus may lawfully be delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction 
in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to deliver the following Base 
Prospectus to any other person. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a 
person into whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the 
laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver 
the Base Prospectus to any other person. 


 
4 
 
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an 
offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction 
requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and Banco Santander, S.A. and 
Natixis (together, the Arrangers and the Joint Lead Managers in connection with the first Note 
Series issued by the Fund) or any affiliate of the Arrangers and the Joint Lead Managers is a licensed 
broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Arrangers and the 
Joint Lead Managers or such affiliate on behalf of the Fund in such jurisdiction. 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in electronic format. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission 
and consequently neither the securitisation fund management company (the Management 
Company) nor the Arrangers or the Joint Lead Managers nor any person who controls the Arrangers 
or the Joint Lead Managers nor any director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate of any such person 
nor the Fund nor the Seller (as defined below) accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in 
respect of any difference between the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format herewith 
and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Fund and/or the Arrangers and the 
Joint Lead Managers. 
None of the Arrangers or any global coordinators, lead managers (including the Joint Lead 
Managers), bookrunners or underwriters makes any representation, recommendation or warranty, 
express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the 
information contained herein or in any further information, notice or other document which may at 
any time be supplied by the Fund in connection with the Notes and accordingly, none of the Arrangers 
or any global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or 
underwriter accepts any responsibility or liability therefore.  
Prospective purchasers of Notes should conduct such independent investigation and analysis, as they 
deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Notes. If you are in doubt 
about the contents of this document, you should consult your stockbroker, bank manager, legal 
adviser, accountant or other financial adviser. 
Each person receiving this Prospectus acknowledges that (i) such person has been afforded an 
opportunity to request and to review and has received all additional information considered by it to be 
necessary to verify the accuracy of or to supplement the information herein, (ii) such person has not 
relied on any of the Programme Parties (other than the Management Company) in connection with its 
investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision (iii) no person has been 
authorised to give any information or to make any representation regarding the Notes other than as 
contained herein and if given or made, any such other information or representation should not be 
relied upon as having been authorised and (iv) neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any 
sale made hereunder will create any implication that the information herein is correct as of any time 
since the date hereof. 
None of the Arrangers or any global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), 
bookrunner or underwriter undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Fund nor to 
advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of 
any of the Arrangers or any global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), 
bookrunner or underwriter. 


 
5 
 
No representation is made by the Management Company, the Arrangers, any global coordinator, lead 
manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwriter as to the proper 
characterisation that the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes or the Class C Notes of any Note Series are 
or may be given for legal, tax, accounting, capital adequacy treatment or other purposes or as to the 
ability of particular investors to purchase the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes 
of any Note Series under or in accordance of any applicable legal and regulatory (or other) provisions 
in any jurisdiction where the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes of any Note 
Series would be subscribed or acquired by any investor and neither the Management Company nor the 
Arrangers nor any global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner 
or underwriter has given any undertaking as to the ability of investors established in any jurisdiction 
to subscribe to, or acquire, the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes of any Note 
Series. Accordingly, all institutions whose investment activities are subject to legal investments laws 
and regulations, regulatory capital requirements, capital adequacy rules or review by regulatory 
authorities should make their own judgement in determining whether and to what extent the Class A 
Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes of any Note Series constitute legal investments or are 
subject to investment, capital or other restrictions. Such considerations might restrict, if applicable, 
the market liquidity of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes of any Note 
Series. 
 


 
6 
 
This document is the prospectus (the Base Prospectus) of Columbus Master Credit Cards, Fondo de 
Titulización (the Fund) authorised and registered with the Spanish Securities and Exchange 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the CNMV), in accordance with the 
provisions of Regulation (EC) no. 809/2004 dated 29 April 2004, as amended (Regulation 809/2004), 
which includes: 
 
a description of the main risk factors associated with the issue, with the securities and with the 
(a)
assets backing the issue (Risk Factors); 
 
a description of certain regulatory matters applicable to the Fund (Certain Regulatory and 
(b)
Industry Disclosures); 
 
a registration document for the securities, prepared in accordance with Annex VII of 
(c)
Regulation 809/2004 (the Registration Document); 
 
a note on the securities prepared in accordance with Annex XIII of Regulation 809/2004 (the 
(d)
Securities Note); 
 
an additional building block to the Securities Note prepared in accordance with Annex VIII of 
(e)
Regulation 809/2004 (the Additional Building Block);  
 
a glossary of defined terms used in this Base Prospectus (the Glossary of Terms); and 
(f)
 
a form of particular terms and conditions of each Notes Series (the Final Terms). 
(g)
 
 


 
7 
 
PCS LABEL 
An application may be made to Prime Collateralised Securities (PCS) UK Limited (the PCS) for the 
Class A Notes of any Notes Series to receive the Prime Collateralised Securities label (the PCS 
Label). A reference to the application (or not) for the PCS Label for the Class A Notes of any Note 
Series will be included in the corresponding Issuing Document. However, there can be no assurance 
that the Class A Notes of any Notes Series will granted the PCS Label (either before issuance or at 
any time thereafter) and should the Class A Notes of any Notes Series be granted the PCS Label, there 
can be no assurance that the PCS Label will not be withdrawn at a later date.  
The PCS Label is awarded to the most senior tranche of asset backed transactions that fully meet the 
criteria that are set down by PCS. The relevant criteria seek to capture some of the aspects of asset 
backed securities that are indicative of simplicity, asset liquidity and transparency and reflect some of 
the best practices available in Europe. 
The PCS Label is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. It is not investment advice 
whether generally or as defined under Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (2004/39/EC) and it 
is not a credit rating whether generally or as defined under the Credit Rating Agency Regulation 
(1060/2009/EC) or Section 3(a) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended by 
the Credit Agency Reform Act of 2006). PCS is not an “expert” as defined in the United States 
Securities Acts of 1933 (as amended). 
By awarding the PCS Label to certain securities, no views are expressed about the creditworthiness of 
these securities or their suitability for any existing or potential investor or as to whether there will be a 
ready, liquid market for these securities.  
Investors should conduct their own research regarding the nature of the PCS Label and must read the 
information set out in http://pcsmarket.org. The website http://pcsmarket.org shall not form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
 


CONTENTS

RISK FACTORS

1

1
12

RISKS DERIVED FROM THE ASSETS BACKING THE ISSUE
Risk of1non-payment by the Borrowers

The Seller may change the terms and condiions ol the Credit Card
Agrccments, the Roccivables and its Credit and Servicing Policies

The Seller may change he interest payablo under ho Receivables

Interest Rate nik

Credit Consumer protection lav.

Searches, Investizatins and Warrantes in Relation lo the Roccivables.
Limited protection.

Purchase of Reccivables

Changes in he Portfolio

No assurance of insurance protein.

Projections,Forecasts and Estimate. Forward looking Siatements

RISKS DERIVED FROM THE NOTES.

Subordination of th Class 1 Notes and ho Class C Notes.

Relationship betwcen Class A, Class B and Class C Notes and the Seller
Interest Credit Facility

Detaultnteest

Yield to Maturity ol thc Notes of any Note Seris and the weight average
lie ofthe Notes of each Note Series

Rating oFtho Rated Notes

Risk linked to the carly tcrmination OP a Notes Serios issue and tha caly
liquidation of the Fund.

The Service.

Liquidiy

Tesue ol fabor Notes Seres

Prepayments or payment rate

Early redemption of the Notes

¡General Investment Consideration

Certin material interests and potential fr conc.

Change of cowmtepartie

RISKS DERIVING FROM THE LEGAL STATUS AND BUSINESS OF
THE FUND.

Nature of ths Fund and obligations of tbc Management Company

Ceriin features of the Fund and the Programme have been ercaicd da ho
interest ofiho Seller

Mandatory replacemen ofihe Ma
Insolveney,

Beach al agrocmentsby third paco
Eurosystem cligibiliy

US. Foreign Account Tax Compliance wilhholding may acc payments on.
Ae Notes

Economic conditions in Euro-zone-

Valcker Rule. Status of the Fund.

CERTAIN REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS.

Regulatory imittives may have an adverse impact On Iho regulator)
treatment of the Notes. No assuranc is given that ho transaction will comply
with LCR or Solvency I oquirements

Impact of Snancial transaction taxes

.ement Company.

20
21

2
24
25
25
26
26
2
E]
2

2
2

30
31
31
3
34

3
3s
36
3

3
39


No assurance ls given that the transaction vil be designated as a simple,
transparent securiiation

Potential reform of Euribor determination

Change oflaw

CRAS

Esrope

13 Market Infrastructure Regulaion EU GIN2012 (EMIR)

CERTAIN REGULATORY AND INDUSTRY DISCLOSURES,

1
2

"Compliance with EU Risk Retention Requirements
US. Risk Retention Requirements

36

REGISTRATION DOCUMENT FOR ASSET-BACKED NOTES (ANNEX VILOF COMMISSION
REGULATION 809/2004),

sl

PERSONS RESPONSIBLE
Person responsible fort inormaton given in Registro Documen
Declaration by th persons responsible fr te information ontinod n the
Region Documea

STATUTORY AUDITORS

isc Auditor

ACesuning principes usd Ey sr,

RISK FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH THE FUND,

INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER.

Statement tab ser has ben incoporatd as asusto nd.

Legal and commercial name fe is

Place o reino al e sue nd reino

Date fincorpoion and length oie e iser

Domicil nd legal om of sue, tb eiii aplicable o cr
Descrpto of e issues tons and sud capdal amd amo al
any spitl agrsd to be isc, te mamber and clasis of the secu
BUSINESS OVERVIEN

Brie desenpion ole isers main activi

Gene desp f he patio secutiain programs.

No guantes y the uc ocur not sud by in parts or ay rd
pai labios

ADMINISTRATION, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISOR BODIES
Managomen aminisenon and representan he cr

Audi fe financial itemens a e Management Compa

Dncipal aos

Exisence or moncuiscnce Ol holdags In oler companis Ey Me
Management Compary

Ene Rom wi e Managenen Company has Borowed more dan 10%
Litgaon ol Managemen Company

Administration, management and seprury bodies ol ie Management
Compay

Prinopal aci poromod Ey lc individual rfemod la de soon 6
above, performed outside lhe Masagement Company wbere Mess are
Sign wi respeto Mec

Principal transaction with related parties and condlcis ol intros.

MAIN SHAREHOLDERS OF THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS
FINANCIAL SITUATION, AND PROFITS AND.

LOSSES.
Declaration an commencomen af operations and financial sitements ol the
issucr prior to the date of the Registration Document

49
49
9

49
49
49
so
so
so
so
so
sI
ss
so

sr

e]
ss

6
ES

9
0

m7
0
0
10
n
n
5

»

24

24


$2
$2 bis

10.

Historical financial information.
Historical financial information on socuity issues wilh an individual
denomination of EUR 100.000 or more.

Legal and abitation proccedings.

Material adverse change in th Fund's financi
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND
AND DECLARATIONS OF ANY INTEREST
Statements or reports atributed to person as an expe,
Information from third parties

DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY

EMENIS BY EXPERTS

SECURITIES NOTE.
(ANNEX XIILTO REGULATION 809/2004).

13
14
75

PERSONS RESPONSIBLE
Persons responsible fort information continod in the Secunics No,
Declaatios by the persons responsible for the information contained in the
Securities Note.

RISK FACTORS.

KEY INFORMATION

Interest of natural and legal persons involved in th isue

Description of any interes, including confctig interess,dhal is important
forthe issue, dtaling persons involved and the nature of their interests
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE NOTES TO BE OFFERED AND.
ADMITIED TO TRADING

Total amownt of th secuitcs admitido trading

Description of th type and class of th Notes.

Appoiniment of global coordinatos, lead managers, bookrumncrs or.
“underwrtes in connection with he issu of the Notes

Legisiaion under wbich the Notes have been ergated,

Indication of whether he socuriis are in erificate or bookcenty form.
Ranking of the Nates according t th subordination rules.

Description of the rights atachod to th Notes.

Nominal interest rate and provisions relting to interes payablo.

Maturity Date and redemption of the securitis.

Indication of the yield

Representation al the Notcholders.

Resoluions, authorizaions, and approvals for ho Notes Srs.

Issue of Notes Series.

Restrictions on the fre Iranslcabily o he secuiis.

ADMISSION TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS,

Market where the securites vil be traded

Paying Agent

EXPENSES OF THE ADMISSIÓN 1O LISTING AND TRADING

Initial Expenses

Nox Series Issue Expenses.

OTHER INFORMATION

Statement of the capacity in which hc advisors involved in hs ¡sue hat are
mentioned in the Securities Note have actod

Other information in he Socwritis Note hat has beon audited or reviewed by
estos

Statements or reports atribuicdto a person as an expert

Information sourced from bid paris

Credit ratings assigned by the Rating Agencios.

ADDITIONAL BUILDING BLOCK TO THE SECURITIES NOTE (ANNEX VIH OF
COMMISSION REGULATION 809/2003).

1

SECURITIES.

24

24
24
24

24
24

24
76

16
16

16
16

16

78

18
78
1

$2
3

ss

9

91
dos
12
1
1
0
130
11
11
142
148
148
148
148

148

139
139
139
139

152
152


33.

34
35

36

32
35

Sa

Sehedule

Minimum denomination of a Notes Seres
Confirmation that the information relating to an underaking or obligor which
is mot involved int issue has bocn accurately reproduced.

UNDERLYING ASSETS.

Confirmation that ho secuntisod asscts backing the Notes Sens have the
capacity to produc the funds o service any payments due and payable om ho
Notes.

“Asset backing the Notes Serios

Actively managed pool of asetsbacking the issue

Wire the Fund proposes to issue funher secuntis backed by he same.
Aasscs, a statement to that effect and description of how the holders of that
las wall e informed.

STRUCTURE AND CASH FLOW

Description of the structure of Abc ransaction including, 1 nocSar, a
iagram

Description ol the enilios participating in the issuc and description of the
duties o be performed by them

Description of the method and date ofihe sal, transfer, novaion,assignment
fe asses, or oany right andior obligation in the asscts to the issuer
Explanation of he Flow of Funds.

Name, address and significant business actviios of oniginators ol the
socuriliod acts

Return andlorrepaymont ol ibo socuriis vil othcr hala mol asscs ob lb

Service, calcuation agent or equivalent
Name, address and bric description o any swap, redil, Iquidaty or account
transaction comnterparty
SUANCE INFORMATION,

1 of whther or not it intends lo provide postissuance Iransacion
information regarding securtics to be admited to trading and the
performance of the underying colateral. Where the issuer has indicated that
lt intends to repor such information, specification of what information will
be reported, where such information can be obtained and the frequency with
vwbich such information vil be reported.

Glossary of Terms
Formo! Final Termas

152
152
152

152
155
192

192

192

192

200

201
20

su

31
31

354
354

354

360
456


RISK FACTORS
RISKS DERIVED FROM THE ASSETS BACKING THE ISSUE
Risk of non-payment by the Borrowers.

Neither Servicios Financieros Carrefour, E.E.C., SA. (SFC) as seller of the Receivabls to
he Fund (the Seller), nor the Arrangers and Joint Lead Managers or any global coordinator,
lead manager, bookrunner or underwriter assumes any liabiliy for non-payment by the
individuals who have entered into such Credit Card Agreemenis as principal obligos to the
Seller (the Borrowers and cach of tbem a Borrower), whether for principal, interes or any
úlher amount owed by viruc of hc Reccivables, The Reccivables do not benefi from any
personal guarants or security

Each holder of a securitisation note (the Notes) issucd by the Fund (a Noteholder) will bear
he risk of nompayment by the Borrowers always taking into account the protection
mechanisms descrbod in section 3.4 of the Additional Building Block.

Transfer of tie to the Reccivables will be complete and unconditional throughout the
remaining repayment period until matuity of each Reccivabl, Pursuant to artick 1,529 a he
Civil Code and aicle 348 of the Commercial Code, the Seller will only be held lible
vis-vis the Fund for the existence and legitimacy of the Receivable, in the terms
and conditions declard in this Base Prospectus and the public decd of incomporaion Sho
Fund (the Deed of Incorporation) that are se forth in this Base Prospects, as well as for
he legal status with which it carros out the sale

Likewise hc Soler will not grant collateral or bank guarantee, whether pursuant to the Decd!
of Incorporation, orto his Base Prospectus, orto any other agreement or contract o secure
he payments under the Reccivablos by the Borrowers (subject 0 th in em rights o pledge
granted over the accounts opened by SEC in ts capacity as servicer of the Purchased
Reccivables (the Servicer) with the Collections Accounts Banks for the purposes set out in
section 3:49 af the Additional Building Block (the Collections Accounts) to reduce tho
commingling risk as describod in section 3:49 of the Additional Building Block (se nsk
factor 34 in this regard). For these purposes, Collections Accounts Banks means cach of
the Spanish financial institutions where tho Collections Accounts held by the Servicer are
opened from time to time (as oh date o his Base Prospectus, Banco Santander, S.A. and
Bankia, S.A).

AI of this, without prejudice to (6) the Sellers obligation to repurchase th Purchased
Reccivables that do not comply with the applicable sale representations or alternative,
indermity the Fund where such repurchase is not possible, subject o and in accordance with
he provisios set forth in scction 22. of hc Additional Building Block, () the General
Reserve and (i) the Commingling Reservo described in sections 3.4.7 and 34.34 of the
Additional Building Block, respectively.



12

The Notes of any series (cach a Note Series) do not represet or constitute an obI
he Seller, the Arrangers, any global coordintor lead manager (including the Joint Lead
Managers), bookrunner or underuriter, the Eligble Hedging Countepartics or of the
Management Company.

No guarantecs have ben granted by any public or private entiis, including hc Seller,
he Management Company, the Arrangers, any global coordinatr, lead manager (including
he Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or undorwrtr, the Eliible Hedging Counterpartis,
he Paying Agent, the ssuer Accounts Bank or any other firm affiliated with or invested by
any of he above.

"he Seller may change the terms and conditions of he Credit Card Agreements, the
Receivables and its Credit und Servicing Pc

Alhough the legal il OS the Reccivabls will bo transferred by the Seller to th Fund, ho
Seller will continue to manage the Chien Accounts under which the Reccivables come into
existence and will remain th contractual counterpay of the Bormowees under the Credit Card
Agreements. As such, the Seller retainstho right to change variows terms and conditions of
he Client Accounts (as govemed by the related Credit Card Agreement), including tho
interest amownts and other fees it charges and ho required minimum monthly payment in
“accordance with ts usual business practices.

The Seller may change the terms of the Credit Card Agrcements (and thus the Client
Accounts) o, for example, maintain is competitive position in the revolving consumer credit
market in Spin. Th Seller may change th terms of the Cliet Accounts in a manner which
may reduce the amount of Reccivables aising under the Client Accounts, may reduce the
amount of the Available Collections on those Reccivables or ohenviso may adversely alter
payment patteas, Adáitionally, as described in scctio 1.3 below, he Seller may change tho
ate o perodie interes amownts.

Additionally, hc Seller shall be entild o amend the Credit Card Agreemens or hc Standard
Forms if such amendiment (A) is the mandutory result of a final court resoluion, (B) is
imposed by any competen administrative or regulatory authority, (C) affects the interest rate
or he fees th instalment due date, the instalment amount, the maximum authorised credit
amount andíor implis th spplicaion of grace period for payment of interest, to the extent
permitted by the terms of such Credit Card Agreement, the usual Credit Policies and tho
Servicing Policies or (D) is required by applicable laws or regulations

Certin mechanism have ben introduced in the documentation to minimise tc impact of
such amendiments to th Credit Card Agreement and the Standard Forms,

Additionally, the Servicr shall be entiled to agree amendments o write in relation to
the Purchased Reccivables in the context and within the limits set out in ts servicing and
management policis (the Servicing Policies) which could also imply a reduction the amount
af the Available Collections on those Purchascd Reccivables or otherwise adversely alter
payment paticros.



13.

14

In order to miigate this risk, any such amendents ac subject o certain limit and in som
instances, o the payment of Seller Diltions by the Seller to the Fund, as set out in sections
33.1.10 and 37.2.12 of the Additional Building Block.

In addition, the Soler may change its credit policies (the Credit Policies) and Servicing
Policies, procedures and practices relating to the operation of lts general credit business 3£
such change is mado applicable to the comparable segment of revolving credit accounts
“owned and serviced by ho Seller

"The Seller may change the interest payable under the Reccivables

The iterst rate payable under the Reccivables is contractual agrecd between the Seller and
he Borrawer. In accordance with th information provided in scction 2.22 of the Additional
Building Block, the interest rate of the Audited Portfolio is 20.04%. For these purposes,
Audited Portfolio mcans the aggregate of the Reccivables auditod by MAZARS Auditores,
S.L. (Mazars or the Auditor) from which ihe Reccivables to bo transferod o the Fund on
he Fund Incorporation Date (or, as applicable, on any other Purchase Date during the lo of
he Fund) will be selected

The Seller may modify the tera and conditions oh Credit Card Agrecments (including the
interest mate applicable under the Reccivables from time to time) afor individual notijing
he Borrower at least two (2) months in advance to the proposed date o implementation of
the amendiments.

In case tt the Seller modifcs dh terms and condiions of the Credit Card Agrcements
reducing the interest rte applicable under tho Roccivabls there would be a reduction of ho
amounis reccived by the Fund and consequenly its capacity to honour is payments
¿bligations under the Notes.

Conscquently, here can be no guarantee that ho yield reccived following such a rate change
vil remain a the same level relative to th rate of interest payable by tho Fund on the Notes.

Interest Rate risk:

The Reccivables to be purchased by the Fund bear an adjustable fixed interest rate while the
Class A Notes andío he Class B Notes and/or the Class C Notes of any Note Series may bear
a Moating rate ofinterest as specific in th relevant the Issuing Document

Conscquenty, the Fund may be exposed to an interest rate risk which may be hodged
contracually (through the scting of a Maximum Interest Rato to the relevant Notes) or with
any Class A Hodging Agreement on the issu of any Class A Floating Rate Notes, any Class
B Hodging Agreement on the issue of any Cless B Floating Rate Notes and any Class €
Hedging Agreement on the issue o any Class C Floating Rate Notes entered into betwcen the
Fund, represented by th Management Company, and any Eligible Hedging Counterpartis

Where interest rate risk is hedged wilh any Hedging Agreement, during periods in which
fosting rate payments payable by any Eligble Hedging Counterpary under any Hodging.

1


Agreement are greater than the fixed rte payments payable by the Fund under ho same
Hedging Agreement, hc Fund will be more dependent on recciving net payments from the
Eliible Hedging Counterpaty in order to make imerest payments on the Notes of any Note
Series bearing a Mosting interest rte

lin such a period the Eligible Hedging Coumterpary falto pay any amounts when due.
under the Hedging Agreement the Available Distribution Amount may not be sufficint to
make all required payments on the Notes of any Note Series and the holders of such Notes

may experience delays and/or reductions in the interest and principal paymens on Ahcir

Noxes.

During periods in which Mosting mate payments poyable by any Eligible Hodging
Cownterpary under any Hodging Agreement ac less than the fixed ate payments payable by
he Fund under the same Hedging Agreement, the Fund will be obliged under hc Hedging
Agreement to make net payment to the Eligible Hedging Coumempar.

The Eligible Hedging Counterparty's claims for payment (including certain termination
payments required to be made by the Fund upon a termination of the Hedging Agreement)
under the Hedging Agreoment will rank higher in priority than all payments an he Class A
Notes, the Class E Notes and th Class C Notes,

1 a net payment under any of the Hedging Agreement is due to any Eligible Hodging
Counterpary an a Payment Date, the then Available Distribution Amount may be insuficient
o make such net payment to the Eligible Hodging Counteparty and, in tum, interest and
principal payments to the holders of Notes of any Noto Series, so that the Notcholders may
experience delays andlor reduction in th interest and principal payments on tir Note,

The Fund is exposed to the risk that any Eligible Hodging Couerperyy may become
insolvent. ln the cvent that any Eligible Hedging Counerpary suffes a rating downgrade
below the require ratings, the Fund may terminatetho relevant Hedging Agreement ho
Eliible Hodging Counerpary fis, within a set period of time, to take certin actions
intended to misigte th ifecs of such downgrade. Such actions may includo the Eligible
Hedging Counterpaty collaerlising ts obligations under ihe Hedging Agreement,
transfering its obligations to a replacement interest rate swap Counteparty having the
required ratings or procuring that an entity with the required ratings becomes a co obligor
vvith or guarantr oh Eligible Hodging Counterpary as furhor described in section 34.1
af he Additional Building Block

However in the event any Eligible Hedging Counterpry is downgraded below the required
ratings there can be no assurance that a co-obligor, guarantor or replacement interest rate
svap counterpaty vil bo found or tha he amount of collteal provided will be suficient to
meet hc Eliible Hodging Counterpany's obligations.

Additional description of the termination of any Hedging Agreement is included in section
34.1 af he Adliional Building Block.


“Credit Consumer protection laws

There is an increasing tendoncy in recent years for Spanish bormowers (mostly individuals
who quaify as consumers) to file caims against financial institutions alleging that certain
provision included in hc agreements signed by them ar unfair (abusivas) and therefore null
and void,

Whilst the Soller has represented that the Credit Card Agrsements are legal, valid and
binding, ts womb noting that tbis san cvclving mutter of law as the Spanish Courts analyse
he unfaimes of contractual causes on case by case bass and, refor, there ls ik that
a cow might declare clsuse as unfiir despite the fact that no previous challenges existed
regarding such clause (provided that the Seller must repurchase any Reccivable aising from a
Credit Card Agreement fiin to comply at such represetation),

In addition, tbe Spanish Tribunal Supremo (the Spanish Supreme Court) has recely ruled
(udgment 628/2015 of 25 November (the Judgement) that an ordinary intros rate o 24.6%
TAE (ho Spanish “APR” equivalent) in fixed rate consumer revolving facility granted in
+, “materilly higher than the normal interest rate of money”.

The Judgment provided that contractual interest rates which ar twice the “nome
rates" are “usurious”. When determining what is the “normal interest rato" of money, the
Judgment resorte to the intros ate statistics published by the Bank o Spain, in accordance
vvith Regulation (EU) No 10722013 ofthe European Central Bank a 24 September 2013 and
Bank of Spain Circula 1/2010 0£27 January),

The relevant statistics for 2016 show that the average TEDR interest rte (squivalent to TAE
ut without including fees) of credit cards for 2016 was 21.03% (the average for January
2017 being 20.93%) whilst the interest rat of he Credit Cards Agreement of the Seller as of
he det of this Base Prospectus is set 21 20.04% (TAE 21.99%). Therefore, hey should not
e considered “usurious” in accordance with ho tes set out in the abovementionod Judgment
G2801S.

Broodly speaking, he consoquence oa facility hcing “usurious" 5 that ho facility is mul nd
void so that the borrower must only repay th creditor an amount equal to that borrowed from
it and its cntiled to request th creditr o pay back any amownis paid in the past by tn
excess oPsuch amount

Furihcrmors, re is a risk hat cas law volves in hc future and Spanish courts consider the
interest charged to the Bomuwces under these Credit Card Agreemens usurious and
consequenty the Credit Card Agrcements null and void, This may imply that claims aro
isod against the Fund in respect of amownts received ín connection with such Credit Card
Agrecments which could potemiallyadverscly afeet the capacity of he Fund to honour ts
payment obligtions under ho Notes.



16

17

18

Searches, Investigaions and Warrantis in Relation to the Reccivablos

The Seller will give cersin warratis o the Fund regarding the Reccivables sold to the Fund.
Ses section 2.2. of he Additional Building Block in this regard.

Neither the Management Company, the Fund, the Arrangers dhe Global Coordinatrs, the
Joint Lead Managers nor any Eligible Hedging Countemparis have undenaken, or will
vunderiake, any investigations, searches or other actions of any nature whutsocver in respec of
any Rescivables in the Audited Portfolio orto establish the creditwonihiness of any Borrowers
“nd cach els insead on the warratics given by tho Seller which are disclosed in section
223 of the Additional Building Block.

As such, the Reccivables may be subject to matters which would have been revealed by a Full
investigaion or, if incopable of remody had such matersbocn revealed, The primary remedy
af the Fund against the Seller á£ any of the warantics mado by the Seller is muterally
reached or proves to be muterialy untrue as at the Purchase Date which bresch ds not
remedicd will be to require the Seller o repurchaso any relevant Roscivable in accordance
with the repurchase provision in ho Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement, as
set forh in Section 223) of the Additional Building Block. The Seller is lable for any
repurchase. However, there can be no assurance that the Seller will have the financial
resources to honour such obligations.

Funhermore, th Selle hs undertakn to notify Fund upon becoming aware oa materia

reach of any representation and warranty n relation to the Receivable. The Seller is not

abliged to monitor compliance of the Reccivables with the representations and warrantics
following the relevant Purchase Dat,

Limited protection

“An investment in the Notes of any Notes Series may be affected, inter ala, by a deterioration
af the goncral cconomic conditions Mat have a negative céfect on the payments of the
Reccivables that back the isue of he Notes o any Notes Seris by the Fund, ln the event hat
úon-payments reach an clevated level, hey could reduce, or even climinate, ho protection
“ginst loss in the Reccivables portfolio which the Notes of any Notes Seres benefit from
as a result of to credit enhuncements described under section 3.43 af the Additional
Eilding Block.

Nowwitistanding the foregoing consideraion, hc risk of hc Notcholders is miigated by the
diferent Proritis of Payments described in section 3-47.2 of hc Adéitional Building Block

Purchase of Reccivables

There is no assurance that in th futur the origination or the current level of origination of
new Receivablos satisfying the Eliibiliy Criteria set out in section 22.82 of the Additional
Building Block (the Eligible Reccivables) (tansfered by the Seller to the Fund in the
context of Initial Transfers) or mew Reccivables deriving from additional: Deawings
(transfrred in hc context of Additional Transfers) will be maintained and hat, consequently,

”n


110,

during the Programme Revolving Period (only), the Fund's securitised ponolio will be
replenishd at its required level to prevent the occunence of a Revolving Termination Event
(as defined in section 3.1.3 of the Additional Building Block; which will carlyterminate the
Programme Revolving Period and will star the Programme Amortisation Period. Once the
Programme Amortisation Period has started, the Seller shall transfer Eligible Reccivables in
he context of Additional Transfers and may súll be enttld o transfer Eigble Reccivables
in the context of Initial Transfer but with no guarante to prevent a beach of ts Minimum
Portfolio Amount

lt should be noted that hc Fund shall not purchase from the Seller Eliible Reccivables in the
context of Initial Transfers ancíor Additional Transfers if any of the Conditions Precedent to
the Purchase of Reccivables set out in section 3.3.1.2 ofth Additional Building Block are not
satisfied

Changes in the Portfolio

The characteristics of the portfolio of outstanding Purchased Reccivables will chango from
time o time with) he additional purchases of Reccivabls in he context of Initial Transfers
andior Additional Transfers by the Fund during the Programme Revolving Period, tho
Programme Amortiation Period and th Programme Acccleratod Amortsation Period and ()
he repaymment or prepayment, as the case may be, o hc Reccivablos

The Eligibilisy Criteria described in section 22.32 of the Adilisonal Building Block sim at
limitin tn changes of the overall characteristics ho Purchased Roccivables

"No ussurance of insurance protection

The Aggregato Outstanding Debt of the insured Credit Cards was EUR 360,S4L,001.53 as oP
15 March 2017, represeting 52.43% ol the Aggregate Outstanding Debt In al such Credit
Card Agreements, the Seller was designated us bencficiary of the insurance payment and
Aherfore, these payments (the Insurance Indermification) would form part of the rights
contfered upon the Fund, as established in section 3.33 o he Additional Building Block.

However, there is no assurance and no commitment hat in th future the Seller will remain
the benefciay of the Insurance Indemnifications in respect of those Credit Card Agreements
or any future Credit Card Agrecments

Moreover, as explained in section 3.72.13 of he Additional Building Block, hc Seller docs
mot cnlorce or actively seck payment by the insurance companies of the Insurance
Indermifiction irespective f whether it is namod s th bencficar thercunder or not.

Projections, Forecasts and Estimates, Forward-loking statements

Centin matters contained in this Base Prospectus are forvardecoking statements. Such
tatements appear in a mumber of places in this Base Prospecta, including with respect to
assumptions on prepsyment and certain other characteristics of he Reccivables and refcct
significant assumptions and subjective judgments by ho Management Company that may or

1


24.

may not prove to be correct. Conscquently, future results may differ from thc Fund
expectrions due lo a varity of factors, including (but not limited 10) the cconomic
environment and changes in governmenal regulations, fiscal policy, planning or tax laws in
Spain or elsewhere. Morcover, pas financial performance should not he considered a reliable
indicator af future performance and prospective purehasces of any Class A Note andíor any
Class B Notes and/or any Class C Notes of any Note Series re cautioned that any such

atements are not guarantee of performance and involv risks and uncertaiics, many of
which are beyond the control of ho Management Company. Neither the Arrangers nor any

bal coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrumer or
vunderwete has attempled or will atempt to verify any such statements, and do not make any
representtion, expres or implicd, wit respee horeto.

More generally, when issucd in this Base Prospectus the words “expectís)", “intend(s)",
*will""may”, “anticipat(s)" and similar expressions are intended to identity forward-Ioking
statements. Such statements arc subject to certain risks and uncertintcs which could cause
actual results to der matrially from those projecte

In addition, any projectons, forecasts and estimates contained hercin are forward-ooking.
atements and are necessarily speculaive in nature. can be expected that some oral of he
assumptins underying such projections vil not materalise or will vary significa from
actual results. The historical performance of similar obligaions s not necessarily indicativo
lts future performance.

The financial and other information set out in this Base Prospecta, represents the historical
experience of the Seller, None of the Arrngess, any global coordinator, lead manager
(úncluding the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underariter, he Management Company,
he Paying Agent, the ssucr Accounts Bank or any of the Eligible Hodging Coumerparis
has underaken or will underake any investigation or review of, or search to verify tho

historical information,

There is no assurance that the future experience and performance of the Purchased
Reccivables, the Fund or the Service will be similar to th historical experience described in
his Base Prospecta

RISKS DERIVED FROM THE NOTES
Subordination f the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes

Credit ebancement for the Class A Notes of cach Notes Serics will be provided by the
subordintion of payments on the Class E Notes and the Class C Notes of the comesponding
Notes Series during the Programme Resolving Period and the Programme Amortiston.
Period, and, by the subordintion of payments on the Class Notes and the Class (Notes of
“ll Notes Series during the Programme Ascclerated Amortisaion Period,

In addition, credit enhancement for the Class E Notes of cach Notes Series will o provided
by th subordination of payments on the Class C Notes of the corresponding Notes Series
ring he Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period, and by the

1


22.

23.

24.

subordination of payments on the Class C Notes of all Notes Seres during the Programme
Accelerated Amonisation Period

Nevertheless there is mo certainty that these subordination rules shall protect any class of
Notcholdersfom the risk a loss.

According to section 3.13 of the Additional Building Block, only the non-payiment of the
interest due and payable of tt then most senior class of Notes between h Class A Notes and!
the Class E Notes shall e considered an Accclorated Amoriation Even

Relationship between Class A, Class B and Class C Notes and the Seller Interest Credit
Facility

During the Programme Revolving Period (the payments of inerest under the Seller Interes
Credit Facility wil be paid on the same rank with the payments of interest under the then

wtstanding Note Seics (whether it be Class A Notes, Class
B Notes or Class C Notes) and i) the paymens of principal under th Seller Interest Credit
Facility will be paid on th sar rank with the payments of interest and principal under the
hen most senior Class of Notes oP all outstanding Note Sercs (whether it be Class A Notes,
Class IB Notes or Class C Notes) (provided that the Residual Principal Defiiency Ledger is
otin bit on he preceding Calculaion Date).

most senor Class of Notes of

Daing the Programme Amortisation Period and th Programme Accelested Amontisaion
Period () the payments of interest on hc Seller Interest Credit Facility ae subordinated to the
payments of the Notes of any Note Series and (hc payments of principal under the Seller
Interest Credit Facility will be subordinated to the full redemption of he Class A Notes, the
Class E Notes and the Class C Notes of all Note Series.

Defaultinterest
In he event that on a Monthly Payment Dat the Available Distribution Amounts, ar going
rough the Interest Shortall Priority ol Payment, are not sufficiet to meet in ful interest
“amount due under the Notes, the unpaid amount of interest will e posiponed.

Th postponed interest will ncihr accrue default interest nor imply capitalstion of the debt

For hese purposes, Monthly Payment Date means the doy falling on the 26 in cach month
of ach year (subjce o the Modified Following Business Day Convention).

Interest Shortfall Priority of Payments has the mcaning set out in section 3.472 of the
Additional Building Block

Yield to Maturiy of the Notes of any Note Series and the weighted average life of the
¡Notes o each Note Series

The yield to maturity on the Note Seris will be sensitivo to and affected by the amount and
timing of delinquencies,prepayment and payment patera, revolving and credit card usage,
tion and default on the Purchasod Reccivable, the level of the relevant interest reference

20


25.

rate wi respect to the Notes the occurrence of any Revolving Termination Events or any
Accclerated Amoriation Events (as the terms are defined in section 3.1.3 of the Additional
Building Block), the issuance of a new Note Serics, the redemption of a Note Serios, the
ccurtence of an Optional Farly Redemption Event (as defined in section 49.5 of 1ho
Securities Note), Ahe exercise by the Seller of the optional repurchase of Purchased
Reccivables and the cary liquidation of the Fund. Each of such events may impact the
respective weighted average lives and tn yild to muturiy o he Notes of any Note Serie.

The wighted avcrag interes rut ofthe Chien Accounts may dosreos from time to time due
to various economic financial or commercial events, This risk is mitigted by the applicable
Eliibilty Criteria on cach Purchase Date

The weighted averge lie af he Notes of any Note Series and the relevant assumptions shall
be specified () with respecto the Notes of the Not Seris to be issued on tho Fund
Incorporation Date, in th relevant Issuing Document and () vih respeto the Notes oPany
Nole Serios to be issucd on any Issue Date (othr than hc Fund Incorportion Date), in the
relevant Isuing Document

Rating ol the Rated Notes

The credit risk of the Notes of any Notes Serios (the Rated Notes) may be assessed by tho
Rating Agencies specificd in the applicable Issuing Document of cach Note Seres (the
Relevant Rating Agencies) as referred to in section 7.5 ofth Securitics Not,

The Class A Notes and the Class B Notes (if any) of any Noto Series shall always be Rated
Notes. ts not obligatory that the Class C Notes are Rated Notes. That said, ¿he Class C
Nokes of any Note Seris are Rated Notes, the Class C Notes of such Noto Seres shall be
rated at Ieast by two o he Relevant Rating Agencies

The meaning of th raings assigned to the Rated Notes con be consultd in the web pages of
the Relevant Rating Agencies.

The Relevant Rating Agencies may not confinm any of the preliminary ratings inisally
assigned to the Rated Notes (or even wihdraw such preliminary ratings) before the
disbursement of the Notes on the Disbursement Date. In such event th issue of such Note
Series will bo terminated by the Management Company (a describe in section 2.6 below).

In addition, the Relevant Rating Agencies may revise, suspend or withdraw the fina rating
assigned to the Rated Notes in cach class at any time, based on any information that may
cometo their attention andíor changes in rating methodologies and practices

Therefore, these ratings are not and cannot Ahcrefore be construcd as am invitation,
recommendation or encosragement for investors to procced to cary out any transaction
whatsocver on the Rated Notes and, in particular, acquire, keep, charge or sel hose Rated

Notes.

a


26.

In general, European regulated investors aro restricted under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009
af he Europcen Parliament and the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies
(Regulation 1060/2009) from using credit ring fo regultory purposes, unless such ratings
are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under Regulation
1060/2009 (and such registration has not bcen withdrawn or suspended), The list o registered
and comificd rating agencies published by the Europcan Securitcs and Marks Authority
(ESMA) on lts website in accordance with Regulation 1060/2009 is not conclusive evidence
df the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there might be delays
eween certain supervisoy measures being taken against a relevant ring agency and the
publication f the updated ESMA lis, Certain information vith respeto the credit rating
“agencies and ratings isso ut in this Base Prospecta

In addition to the aboementioncd, here could be unsol

cd ratings published in respect of
he Rated Notes L such unsolicted ratings ar lower than the comparable rating assigned to
the Rated Notes by the Relevant Rating Agencies, ose unsolicied ratings could have an
“adverse ect on the value oSthe Rated Notes.

Risk linked to the carly termination of a Notes Serios issue and the curlyliquidation of
the Fund

246... Early termination of a Notos Seres issue
An isue oa Notes Seris il bo terminated by the Management Company if

(a) — amy of the preliminar rings intialy assigned to the Rated Notes by the Relevant
Rating Agencies have not been confirmed (or ¡such ratings are wilhdawn) before
the disbursement o hc Notes om the Disbursement Date or

(0) am vent occurs that could not be forescen o, even if orescen, s inevitable rendering
it impossible to perform the subscription or disbursement of the Notes of such Notes
Serie pursuant o article 1,105 o hc Civil Code (foree majcure) or

(e) the conditions precedent to the relevant Notes Subscription Agreement arc not met
before tho beginning o he Subscription Period; or

(é) the bookrumners andior underwrites appointed for the isue of the relevant Notes
Series notify the Fund and the Seller hc termination of the corresponding Notes
Subscription Agreement before th disbursement of he Notes on the Disbursement
Date upon the occurence ofany ofthe following events

6) am Imsolvency Event has occurred with respect to the Seller before the
disbursement o hc relevant Notes on the Disbursement Date; or

Gi) the General Reserve is not funded up to the General Reserve Required

Amount specified in th relevant Issuing Document, () with respeto the
first Note Series issucd on the Fund Incorporation Date, before the

»


disbursement of the Notes on the Disbursement Dat, Gi) with respect to the
subsequent Note Seres issued by the Fund, on the Issue Date; or

(ii) the Commingling Reserve is not funded up to the Commingling Reserve:
Resuired Amount specificd in the relevant ssuing Document, () with respect
o the fist Note Series issued on the Fund Incorporation Date, before the
disbursement of the Notes on the Disbursement Dat, i) with espect to the
subsequent Note Seres issued by the Fund, on the Issue Date; or

(Y) the Soller (as Expensos Subordinated Facility Provider) has not made
available to the Fund under the Expenses Subordinated Facility an amount
equal to (6) with respect to the first Noto Series issued on the Fund
Incorporation te, the Initial Expenses and the Note Sorcs Issue Expenses
before thc disbursement af he Notes on the Disbursement Date and (i) with
respect to any other Note Seres, ihe Note Seris Issue Expenses on or prior
the relevant Isue Date of such Note Series; or

(0) the Notes of the corresponding Note Seris are not fully subscribe for by the
relevant subscrber(s) by the cxpiry of the Subscription Period; or

(vi) the Notes of the corresponding Note Series are not fully paid up by the
elevan subscrbcr(s) on th relevant Disbursement Date.

hs caly termination o hc issue o Note Seris (other than as described below with respect
o the isue of the Note Series ta be made on the Fund Incorporation Dat) shall not constitute
a Fund Liquidation Event nor imply the cxtinguishment of the Fund in any manner
vwbatsocver amd shall ot affect nor cause tho termination of any of the Note Seres previously
issued by the Fund,

1 the Note Seres to be issued on the Fund Incorporaion Date is caly terminated in
accordance with section 4.4.7.1 of he Registration Document for any reason (otr than tho
ccurtence of hc event forescen in paragraph (dXG) of such section 447.1) the Purchase
Price of the initial portfolio of Eligible Reccivables shall be funded with a drawing under the
Seller Interest Credit Facility.

262. Early liquidation of the Fund:

1 the Note Series to be issued on the Fund Incorporaion Date is caly terminated in
accordance with section 44.72 of the Registration Document upon the occurence of the
event forescen in paragraph (4X) Of section 4:4.7.1, the Fund will be terminated by the
Management Company.

In the event forescen in the preceding paragraph, the transfer oh Reccivables o the Fund
made under the Deed of Incorpratin, the issue of the Notes Sercs issued on th Fund
Incorporaion Date, as well as the est of agreements of the Fund vil e terminatod and the
Fund will be extinguished. The Seller shal pay all the Initial Expenses and the Note Series

»


22.

Issue Expenses incurod as a result of the incorporation of the Fund and the issue of the Notes
Seres issued on the Fund Incorportion Dat

The Servicer

Without prejudice that the obligations to manage and service the Reccivables correspond.
iniilly to the Management Company as master sericer o the Purchased Reccivables in
such condition, the Master Service) in accordance with article 26.1 b) of Law S/2015, of 27
April, on the Business Financing Promotion (Ley 5/2015, de 27 de abril, de Fomento de la
Financiación Empresarial) (Law S/2015), the custody and servcing of the Reccivables will
be cavied out by SEC (n such condition, he Servicer) as services provider without such
appointmentimplying a limittion of the labiltyoS the Management vis-áevis the notcholders
and any funder of the Fund, in accordance with hc terms described in section 3.72 of the
Adkitional Building Block and in ho Desd of Incorporaion

Ia Service Termination Event occur (s this is defined in section 312.15 oftho Additional
Eilding Block), then the Fund will be entid to terminte the sppointment of th Servicer
and the Management Company, acting in the name and on behalf of ho Fund as Master
Servicer and as backup servicer faciliimor in accordance with section 372.15 of the
Additional Building Block, shall use it reasonable endeavours to find, select and appoint a
ev servir (alo as services provider) in its place.

Any change in the Servicer could delay collection of payments on the Reccivables and
ú"ultimately could adversoly afect the ability o the Fund to make payments in full on the
Notes.

$
vvith suficint experience in sevicin the Reccivables would e found who would be willing

Servicer Termination Event ocurs, Ihre can bo no asurance that a replacement servicer

and able o service the Roccivables on the temas, or substataly similar tes, set out in
section 372.1 of the Addiional Building Block, No assurance can he given that such
replacement service il not charge fees in cxcess of the fees o be paid to the Servicer

Furthcrmore, it may be that th terms on vhich a replacement ervicer may bo appointed are
substantialy dficrnt from those set out in section 312.1 of the Additional Building Block
and the terms may be such that the Notcholders may be adversely affeciod. The abiliy of a
replacement servicor to fully perform the required services would depend, among other
hings, on the information, sofware and records available at th time of he appointment
Transition from a servicr to a replacement servicer may resul in delay in the performance
af servicing functions. Any delay or inabilty to appoint a replacement servicor may affect
payments on he Reccivables and hence the Fund' ability to make payments when dec on the
Notes.

The Notcholders have no right to give orders or directions to the Management Company in
relation to the datics and/or appointment or removal of the Service, Such rights are vesed
solely in the Management Company.

a


28

29.

In adáition, Noteholders should be aware that the Service has no obligation self o advance:
payments that Borrowers fil to make in  timely fashion

Liqui

Class A Notes, Class Notes and Class C Notes ofany Notes Series may be unlisted or listed
on the ALAF Fixed Income Market (AIAF), the Alternative Fixcd-Income Market (MARE)
minimum volume or

or any olle regulated or untegulated market There is no guaramtes tha
frequency of Notes transaction will be forthcoming in the market, There is no entity required
to intervene in ho secondary murker, providing liquidity to 1he Notes by offering ielf as
counterpay. In particular, neither the Arrangers nor any global coordínator, lead manager
(Gncluding th Joint Lead Managers) bookrunner ar undenvrier nor any of tir aflatos aro
abliged to interwcns in the secondary market, providing iquidit to ho Notes

A prolonged reduction in demand for assctbacked or other debt secwritis, alone or in
combination with he continuing increase in prevailing market interest rate, may adversely
“ft ho market valuc of the Class A Notes, the Class E Notes r the Class C Notes, tho
ability o ho Noteholdes o sell he Class A Notes, the Clas E Notes or the Class C Notes or
acquire credit protection on the Notes and may cause significant uctustions in ho mark
value of he Class A Notes, the Class E Notes or the Class C Notes, Any of the above may
result in significant loss to the Noteholders

Furihcrmore, ouside hc optional redempiion s set fort in section 49.5 of he Securiis
Note and in the cas of arly Liquidaion of hc Fund upon the terms st forh in section 4:43
fte Registration Document, the Fund may not carlyredcem the Notes.

Issue ol further Notes Series

In accordance with the open nature of th Fund, the Fund may from timo to timo during the
Programme Revolving Period issue fumher Notes Series without notice to existing
Notcholders and wilhout thcir consent and which may have diferen tem from outstanding.
notes. Fach issue of funher Notes Seres will e subject o th fulilment of hc Further Nate
Series Isuanco Conditions Precedent set out in section 4.133 of ho Securities Note have.
en satis,

The issuance of new Note Serios could adversely fic the timing and amount of payments

on cutstanding Notes of any Note Series, For example, some Note Series issucd air any

existing Note Series may have a higher interest rte than the existing Note Series, This could
able pay interest on any existing Nate Series

resultin a reduction in th amounts a

If furiher Note Serios are issucd, the Available Amortisaion Amount would be shared
amongst all outstanding Notes with potential effects on thc amounts payable towards the
redemplion of cach outstanding Class A Note, cach outstanding Class B Note and cach
utstanding Class C Note of any Note Series and making the rate at which they amore
slowerthan would otherwise be the case. This situation may arise by, for example:

as


240.

(a) — the occurrence of a Revolving Termination Event (bu no Accclerated Amortisation
Event has occured) and he commencement of he Programme Amortisation Period;

(0) the occurrence of an Accelerated Amoriation Event and the commencement of he
Programme Accclerated Amortisstion Period.

In order to miigate this risk t should be noted that

(a) the Seheduled Amontisation String Date o any new Note Series shall any fall after
he Schoduled Amortisation Starting Date of any previously issued Note Seres aehich.
remains outstanding on the Issue Date of such new Note Seres; and

(6) — a fixed ato of alloction of principal (1. the Note Serios 20xx-yy Principal Ratio)
between the outstanding Note Series wbich enable a faster amontsation of any Not
Series compared to a pro rato alocation and to preserve the economic interests of
previously issued Note Series has been setup (subject 1 an automatic reset in case of
fut sue of Note Series ora ful redemption).

Prepayments or payment rate

Faster than expected rates of prepayments or pricipal payment rte on the Reccivables will
cause the Fund to make payments of principal on the Notes cari than expected and will
úshorten the matuity of he Notes of any Noto Seris. Prepayment or higher payment rate on
the Reccivables may occur as a result of () prepayments of Reccivables by Borrowers in
whole or in part; () increase of the instalments by the Borrowers above the minimum
contmctual instalments; (Gi liquidaions and other recoveries duc to default and (dv)
repurchases by the Seller of any Reccivabls. A wide varicty of economic, social and other
factors will influence the rate of prepayments on the Reccivables, No prediction can bo made.
sto the actual prepayment rates that will be experienced on the Reccivablos

1 principal is paid on the Notes of any Notes Series car than expected due to prepayments
on the Reccivable (such prepayments occuring a timo when interest rates are lower than
interest rats that would otherwise be applicd if such prepayments have not ben made or
made at a different time), Notcholders may not be able lo reinvest the principal án a
comparable security with an fective interes ate oquivalent to the interes ate on the Notes
of any Note Series. Similary, if principal payments on the Notes of any Note Series are mado
later than expected due to slower han expected prepayments or payments on the Reccivables,
Notcholders may lose reinvesiment opportunities. Notcholders will bear al rcinvestmnt risk
resulting from receiving payments of principal on the Notes 0 any Note Serios carlier or later
tan expected

Early redemption of he Notes
In accordance with section 49.5 of the Securitis Note, subject to certain conditions the
Seller may be enttld to instruct the Management Company to exercise on bchalPof the Fund

1) the optional redemptin of the relevant Note Series on the applicable Note Series 20xx-3y

2


242.

243.

Clcan-Up Call Date or () he optional redemption of he relevant Note Series on th Nate
Series 20xx-yy Call Date speifid in hc applicable Issuing Document

Ka Notes Series is redecmed carr than expected due to the exercise by the Fund
(following instructions of the Selle) of ho carly redemption of such Note Series (such
ariy redempúion occurming at 2 time when interest rates are lower han interes mies that
vrould othenviso be applicd if such carly redemption has not been made or made at a
diferent time), Notholders may not be able to reinvest the principal in comparable security
vvith an efectivo imerest rate equivalent o the intrest ate on the Notes of any Note
Series. Notcholdrs will bear all investment risk resuling from carly redemption of the
Nokes oPany Note Series crlicr than expected

neral Investment Considerations.

The Notes Serios ae addressod solely to qualiid investors as defined in article 39 of Royal
Desrec 1310/2005, of 4 November, parly developing the Law 24/1988, of 28 July, on the
Spanish Securities Market Law in regard to admission to trading of securiic in oficia
secondary market, public oferngs for sale or subscription and the Base Prospectus required
for that purpose (he Royal Decree 1310/2015)

The Notes o any Notes Seris are limited recourse instruments and here can be no assurance
at ho Noteholders ill reccive the full amownts payable at any timo by the Fund under the
Nokes or that hey will reccive any retum on their investment in the Notes. Prospectivo
investors are thercfore advised to review this Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base.
Prospectus prepared by the Management Company in accordance vith aticle 22 of Royal
Desres 1310/2005 (cach, a Prospectus Supplement) and the Isuing Document of cach Note
Serie carefullyand conside, among other hings, ho risk factors st ut in this section before
deciding whether to invest in the Notes of any Notes Serios.

Prospectivo investos should also ensure they understand the nature of the Notes and the
extent ofthcir exposure to risk when hey consider the suitabilty of investing in such Notes in
light of tcir own circamstances and financial conditions. The Arrangees and any global
eoordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwrter
have not underaken to review the financial condition or afísirs af the Seller or the Fund
during the life of he arrangements contempla by this Base Prospectus, orto advise any
investor or potential investor in the Notes or any information that ás not included in his Base.
Prospectas that comes to thc attention of the Arrangers and any global coordinato, lead
manager (including the Joint Lead Manager), bookrunner or undenvrier

“Certain material interests and potential for conficts

Certain parts to the transaction have engaged in, and may in the future engogo in,
investment banking and/or commercial banking or oshor services fr the Fund (including the
«coment and undenvrting of he Notes of any Notes Series), the Seller or is afilates and
the Management Company in th ordinary course of business. Other partes to the transaction
may also perform multipl roles. According, conicts of imerest may exist ar may ais asa
result of pares having previously engaged or in the fature engaging in transactions with

y


¿her pamics, having multiple roles or camping out otr transactions for third pants. The
panties 19 the transaction may be replaced by one or more new paris. It cannot be cxcluded
ha such a new party could also have a potential conflicting interes, which might ultimatly
have a negative impact on the abilisyoS the Fund to perform its obligatios in respect of the
Notes.

ln pamicular, the Arrangers and any global coordinatr, lead manager (including the Join
Lead Managers) bookrunner or underwrier and thcirafíites may play various rols in
relation o the offering of the Notes.

The Arrangers and any global coordinator, lead manager (including th Join Lead Managers),
ookrunner or underwriter may asis clients and counterparis in tranactions related to the
Notes (including assiting clients in future purchases and sales of the Notes and hedging.
transaction). The Arrangers and any global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint
Lead Managers) bookruner or underwite expect to cam fees and other revcnues fom these

The Arrangers and any global coordinator, lead manager (including th Join Lcad Managers),
bookrumner or underwiter are part of global investment banking and socuritics and
investment management fims that provide a wide range of financial sevices toa substantil
“and diversfic client baso that includes corporatins, financial insttuions, govemments and
ighrnctaworih individuals. As such, they actively make markets in and trado financial
instruments for thcr own account and for the account af customers in the ordinary course of
Abc busines. Th Arrangers and any global coordinato, cad manager (including the Joint
Lead Managers), bookrunner or undensriter vil ac in cir orwn commercial interest in their
various capactie without regard to whether thir interests conflict vih those of the holders
fe Notes or any other paty.

In the ordinary course of business, the Arrangers and any global coordinator, lead manager
(ncluding the Joint Lead Managers), bookrumser or underwrter and their employees or
customers may actively trade in andor otherwise hold long or shor positions in he Note, or
enter into transactions similar to or referencing the Notes or the other nstraments for Ahcir
“own accounts and for the accounts of thcir customers. The Arrangers and any global
eoordinator cad manager (including thc Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwrte do
ot dislose specific trading positions except where roquied in accordance with applicable
law. IS any of hc Arrangers or any global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead
Managers), bookrunner or undenvrier bocome ownces of any of the Notes, through market
making activity or otherwise, any actions hat they take in bei capacity as owner including
voting, providing consent or otherwise will not necessarily be alincd with the interests of
her owners of the same clas or other classes ofth Notes of any Notes Seics. To th extent
he Arrangers and any global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers),
ookrunner or underwriter make a market in the Notes af any Notes Series (which hy are
under no cbligation to do), they would expeet o rescive income from the sprcads betwcen
Alicirbid and offer prices fr the Notes. ln connection with any such activity, they will ave
o cbligation to take, reftin from taking or cease taking any action with respeto these
transactions and activiics based on the potential efect an an investor in the Notes of the

>


244.

3d.

relevant Notes Seris. The price at which the Arrangers and any global coordinator, lead
manager (including the Joint Lead Managers, bookrunner or underwriter may be willing to
purchase Notes, ifhey make a market, will depend on market conditions and other relevant
factors and may be significantly lower than the issue price for the Notes and significamly
lower han th price at which they may be willing to sell the Notes

Accordingly, conflcs of interest may exist or may arise as a result of partes to this
transaction: (a) having previously engaged or in the future engaging in transaction wilh other
panties to the transaction () having multiple roles in hi transaction; andíor (c) crying out
dherroles or transactions for third paris.

Change ol counterparties

The pants to the Programme Documents who rescive and hold monics or provide support to
hc transaction pursuant to th terms af such documents (such as ssuer Accounts Bank) are
required to satity cert

ertria o continue to be counterparty to the Fund.

These criteria include requirements in relation o the shorticem and long-crm unguarantccd
“and unsocured ratings ascribed to such party by the Relevant Rating Agencies. 1 the pary
úoncemed ceasestosaisy he applicable criteria, hen he rights and cbligations of that party
(Gncluding th right or obligation o recive monies on behalf of the Fund) may be required to
be transfered to another entity which docs saisfy the applicable ratings criteria. ln those
«ircumstances, he terms agreod with he replacement entity may not be as favourable as those
“agread with th original paty and the cost to the Fund may therefore inercasc. ln addition, it
may not be possible to find an entity with th required ratings that would be willing to act in
such role. This may reduce amounts available to the Fund to make payments of interest and
principal on the Notes and/or lead to a downgrade in hc ratings of he Rated Notes,

In addition, should the applicable criteria ccae to be stifia, then the paris to ho relevant
Programme Document may agrec to amend or waive certain of the terms of such document,
including th applicable criteria (although this ill ot apply to mandatory provisions o law),
in order to avoid ihe need for a replacement emty to be sppointed. The consent of

Notcholders may not be required in relation to such amendments andor waivess.

RISKS DERIVING FROM THE LEGAL STATUS AND BUSINESS OF THE FUND.
Nature of the Fund and obligation of th Management Company.

The Fund is an isolted pool of asscts with not legal personality open both on th asscts and

sido such that is entild o acquire additional Reccivables and issu successivo Notes
Seris during the lie of the Fund. AlI the Reccivables pooled in the Fund rom time to time.
vvil serve to secure the payment of all he obligaions derived from all the Notes under all
Notes Series issued by the Fund and consiute ts la

ls att time.

Pursuant to Law 5/2015 the Fund is managed by a Management Company daly licensed for
such purposes. The Fund's labilty for its obligations vis-vis its creditos (including the
holders of the Notes) shall o limited in recourse o ts asets and payments arc subject to the

»


applicable Priority of Payments, and none of the Management Company, the Arrangess, any
global coordinator, lead manager (including th Joint Lead Managers), bookrummer or
“underwrtr, tio Eligble Hodging Counterpartcs or any of he other transaction partics shall
e responsible for any of the Fund's labios

The Management Company vil perform for the Fund those datics atributed o it in Law
35/2015, as well a safeguarding th best interest of hc holders of the Notes and generally ho
ereditors of the Fund, Th Noteholders will not be ente to give directions or instructions to
the Management Company in relation to th exercsc of thir respective rights.

The Notcholders and the other ordinary crediors of the Fund shall nt have any right of
action cihor against tho Fund or against the Management Company other than that deriving
From non-performance of their respective ditics or non-sompliance with the provision of
he Desd of Incorporatio, his Base Prospectus or the applicable laws and regulations. Any
such actions will ned to be resolved in he (corresponding) judicial poccedings.

Hence, the Notcholders vil have no recours to the Fund or the Management Company based!
only on delinquency or payment default of he Reccivables or breach of agreement by third
pants

Certain features o he Fund and the Programme have been crested in the interes of the Seller

Pursuant to the Deed of Incorporation and as described in the Base Prospectus, the Fund and!
the Programme have certin features that have bocn designed in he interest of he Seller.

Ibis regard amongst others, the Seller is ente to:

(a) direst the Management Company to camy out an issue by the Fund of a new Note
Seris;

(0) direct the Management Company to liquidate the Fund where (5) he aggregate
Principal Amount Outstanding of all outstanding Notes is cqual or less than 10% of
hc ageregat Initial Principal Amount thercof or () the Notes issu by the Fund are
held solely by the Seller or there are no Notes outstanding and th Seller requests the
liquidaion of the Fund, in accordance with section 443 of the Registration
Document;

(c) — subject to certsin conditions, send a Sellers Optional Fary Redemption Written
Instruction in order for the Management Company to cxerisc on behalf of he Fund
(the optional redemption of hc relevant Note Seics on the applicable Note Serios
201x-3y Clean-Up Call Date or (li) the optional redempion of Ahc relevant Note
Series on the Note Series 20x1-yy Call Date specific in the applicable Issuing
Document, in accordance with section 4.9.5 of he Securitics Note

(dr repurchase contain Purchascd Reccivables from the Fund (including: Purchased
Reccivables rising from Performing Client Accounts) in accordance with section

33.112 ofthe Additional Building Block;

30


33.

34

(e) reserve the rightto subscribe forall or parto ho Class A Notes, the Clas 1 Notes (GP
any) or the Class C Notes of a given Noto Series. In case shere the Seller subscribe
all the Class A Notes, Class B Notes or the Class C Notes of such Noto Series, such
Notes shall not be placed with any investor in accordance with section 4.13.6 0 ho
Securities Note.

The interests of the Seller may not be at al timos aligned with those of he rest of the holders
of the Notes and, lhrefore, this circumstance should bo taken into consideraton by tho
investor when acquirng ho Notes.

Mandatory replacement ol the Management Company

In accordance with aiclo 33 of Law 5/2015, if the Manogement Company is subject to
an insolvency proceeding (concurso), without prejudice to the effects of such insolvency
procceding (as described below), it shall find anothcr management company to replace
Similary, in cose that its authorisation to act as management company of sccuritisaion funds
were revoked, a new management company replacing it would need to be found. 1 four (4)
months have clepsed since the occurence of the vent requiring the replacement and a new
management company that is prepared o take avr the management of the Fund has not been
found, a trigger cvent for the Early Liquidation of the Fund will occur nd the Noles, and (1)
he Expenses Subordinted Facil, () he General Rescree Subordinatod Facility, (aho
Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility and (iv) the Seller Interest Credit Faciiy (as
Ahcse tems are defined in sections 344.1, 3437, 3434 and 3.444 respectively) (he
Subordinated Facltis) will be redccmed or repaid a the case may be, in accordance with
he provisins of the Deed of Incomoraion and this Base Prospectus in particular in
accordance wih ihe Accclerated Priority of Payments set out in section 34.72 of the
Additional Building Block

Insolveney

Ts insolveney procceding (concurso) of any oh parties involved (whether it e the Seller,
he Management Company, the ssuer Accounts Bank, the Sevicer or any other counterparty
fe Fund) could affect thcir contractual rlaions with hc Fund as provided in Law 22/2003,
9 July, on Insolveney (Ley 22/2003, de 9 de juli, Ley Concursal) the Insolveney Law) and
«onsequently the ability of the Fund to mess its obligtions under he Notes

Pursuant to the provisons of the Second Additional Provision o the Insolvency Law the
insolvency provisions of Law 52015 will apply

In the event of the insolveney of the Seller, and in accordance with article 16 of Law S/2015
(by reference to aiclo 15 of Law 2/1981), the transfer oP he Reccivables to the Fund may
only be rescinded or challenged under article 71 of the Insolvency Law by the insolvency
administration. (administración concursal) and in so challemging, the insolvency
“administration will have to prove th existence of fuud in ho transfer

a


Furthcrmore, all Fund's assts held by the Seller, except for cash, dueto he fungible nature
there, will become he property o hc Fund and must be mude available under the terms of
arcos 0 and $1 ofiho Insolvency Law.

According to the interpretation ofa majority o legal scholars regarding aticles $0 and $1 of
he Insolveney Law, if the Seller is declared insolvent, monicsreccived and held thecby on
behalf o the Fund in is capacity as counterparty to certain agreements exccuted before the
date of declaraton o insolvency may be affected by the results oftho insolveney.

1 the Management Company is declared under an insolvency procecding (concuvso), it
must be replaced by another management company in accordance wilh the provision of
section 33 above. In he event of ho insolvency proceeding (concurso) ol the Mar
“Company, any assets of the Fund that are in the possesion of ihe Management Company and
in respect of which the Management Company has no right of use, surety or retetion =
except for money due to its fngible mature- and that form part of Abe latcrs assets will be
onstrued as belonging to the Fund, and the insolvency oficial (adminisración concursal)
mus deliver them o the Fund.

In practice, due to the nature of he sccuriiation transaction in question, and except n the
event of a breach by the partcs, no cash amounis will become part o the assots of ho
Management Company since ho amounts that constitute th revenues of ho Fund must be
deposied, in accordance with th terms set forh in the Deed of Incomporation and this Base
Prospectus, in the accounts opened on behalf of he Fund by the Management Company
((vhich will e involved in opening such accounts nat only as the agent of the Fund, but as ts
legal representative). Therefore the Fund will have ful separation right over those sets from
Ahose of the Management Company, in the terms set foth in articles 0 and $1 of the
Insolvency Law.

Additionally, in the event that SEC, as Servicer and the entity that will coc the amounts
paid deriving from the Reccivables, is declared under an insolvency proceeding (concurso),
he Fund, acting through its Management Company, will be entitled to recciv from SEC the
“amounts derived from the Roccivables from the dato that it is doclarod insolvent, because such
amounts will be construed as owned by the Fund, and therefore must be transferred o the
Management Company on behalf of he Fund. However, as collections from the Borrowers
are initilly paid to a mumber of accounts opened in the Collections Accounts, moncys may
case to be traceable ducto their fungble nature during ho period in which they are held by
SEC as Servicer at the Collections Accounts Bank, For this period of time, the Noteholders
vvil be exposed o the credit quality of he Collections Accounts Banks. In oder to miga
the commingling risk derived from a potential insolvency of the Servicer, SEC as Servicor has
agreod to grant in rem rights of pledge over the Collections Accounts in favour of the Fund
úpursuant to the Collections Accounts Security Document

ing such risk are described in section 3:43 of the

Additional Building Block

In addition, the Issuer Accounts Bank and the Collections Accounts Banks ar subject to Law
11/2015, of 18 June 2015, on the recovery and resolution o credit entiics and investment
»


35

firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de cródio y
empresas de servicios de inversion), which implemens in Spain the Directivo 2014/59/EU of
the European Parliament and af he Council of 15 May 2014 establshing a framework fr the
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. Application 0f those
provisions may delay or in erain casos impedo the recovery of the amounts deposited in
“accounts opened in the Isucr Accounts Bank or the Collections Accounts Bani.

The Fund, being incorporated as an isolated pool ofassts vih not legal personality pursuant
o Law 5/2015 s ot subject to insalven proceedings under the Insolvency Law.

Wi respest to Ahe Collections Accounts Security Document, it should be noted that the
European Union Court of Justice (he EUCJ) has recently issued a judgment (Judgement on
case 156/15 dated 10 November 2016) interpreting ertin provisions of Directivo 200247 of
he European Parliament and Council of 6 June 2002 on financial olleral arrangements
seting out that financial colateral granted by means of a pledge of monics deposited in

bank account provides the beneliciary the sight to enforee Ahe relevant collaeral,
otwithstanding the commencemaent of insolvency procecdings in respect of th colateral
provider, only 6) the monics covered by the collteral were deposited in hs bank account
in question before the commencement of the debtor's insolvency procecdings (or those
monics were deposited on the doy of commencement provided that the creditor proves that it
was mot aware, nor should have bcen aware, that those insolvency proccedings had
commenced) and (5) he account holder was prevented from disposing of those monies añer
hey bad been deposit in he relevant banle account

Since his isa very recent judgment, how Spanish Cours may finally apply the doctine set
¿ut thercin to actual cases decided under Spanish law and whether it may result in the
Collections Accounts Security Document being regardod as not qualiying for the protection
afforded by of Royal Decree Law 5/2005 of 11 March, on urgent reforms to encourage,
among others, productivity and improve public procurement (Real Decreto Ley 5/2005, de 11
de marzo, de reformas urgentes para el impulso a la productividad y para la mejora de la
«contratación pública) (Royal Decree Law 5/2005) (and which implemens in Spain Directivo
200247) is uncenain

Howener in light of the interpretation given by the EUCJ in he aforementioned Judgment,
Acre is a risk that cash amounts are not immobiised under the Collections Accounts
Security Documen, the pledge created thcrcundr may be regarded by Spanish Cours as not
qualifying as financial collteral (garantías financieras) for the purposes of Royal Decrec
Law 5/2005, This could imply an impact on the commingling risk assumed by the Fund
derived fram a potential insolvency of the Servicer (which could be highor than the
Commingling Reserve Amount available on such date) and, ulimately, on the ability of he
Fund to mess is payment obligations under the Notes.

Beach ol agreements by third parties

Th Fund has cier into agreements with thind panios for th provision of certain services
in elaion to the operation of lc Fund and in relation to the Notes (as further describcd in the
diferent sections of the Additional Building Block desribing the Programme Documents).

»


36.

32

The Noteholders could be prejudiced if any of th reerred comnterpartcs ful to Sali any of
he obligations assumed under any of th aforementioned agreements. Nevenheles, certain
mechanisms are contemplated in the relevant agreements to misigte such possible breachos
All the foregoing is without prejudice to Abe legal consequences of any breach by the
comesponding counterpatics of the applicable contractual provisions or derived from the
Spanish legis

Eurosystem eligl

The Class A Notes of any Notos Serics muy be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem
elgiility. Class A Notes of any Notes Series are intendod upon issue to be deposited with
Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registr, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores
(IBERCLEAR), but given that, amongst oxhers, Class A Notes of a Note Series may bo
unlisted Notes or represented in physical ts, docs not necessarily mean that all Class A
Nokes of any Notes Series will he recognised as cligiblecollteral for Eurosystem monctary
policy and inra-day credit operations by the Eurosysiem (Eurosystem Eligible Collateral)
either upon sue or at any or

times during their life

Such recognition wilL, nte alía, depend upon satisfaction of tho Eurosystem cligibiliy
ertria set ut in the Guideline of the Europcan Central Bank (the ECB) of 19 December
2014 on implementation of ho Eurosystema monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60) as
amended and applicable from time to time (the Guideline). In addition, the Mar
Company (based on information supplicd by the Servicer) will, or as long as the Class A
Notes of any Notes Serios are intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem
lgibility, make loan-level data available in such manner as required by the ECB to comply
with th Eurosystem eligibilit criteria subject to applicable data protection rules

None of the Fund, the Management Company, ihc Seller, the Fligble Hedging
Counterpatcs the Arrangers and any global coordinato, cad manager (including the Joint
Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwrier gives or will give any representaion, warranty,
confirmation or guarantee to any investor in the Class A Notes that to Class A Notes vil,
ihr upon sus, or at any or al all times during thcir lie, satis all o any requirements for
Eurosystem cligbility and bo recognised as Eurosystem Eligible Collatral for any reason
whatever. Any potemtialinvestr in the Class A Notes of any Notes Series should extract ts
“own conclusions and seek its own advice with respect lo whether or not the Class A Notes
constitute Furosystem Eligble Collateral

lt is expected that Class Notes and Class C Notes will not qualify as Eurosystem cliible
¡ven that Class E Notes amd

lss C Notes are sbordinated,

Us. Forcign Account Tax Compliance withholding may affect payments on the Notes

Sections 1471 through 1474 of hc Foreign Account Tex Compliance Act (FATCA) impose a
ex reporting regio and, potentially, a 30 por cont, withholding tax with respect o (1)
úsrain payments from sources within the United Sites, (li) “foreign pas through payments”
made to certain non-U.S. financial institutions (for the purposes of his section any such non-

US. financial institution, an FE) tt do not comply with this new reporting regime, and (Gi)

a


38

payments to certain investos that do not provide identification information with respect to
interests issued by a participating FFI (for the purposes of this section collectively
Withholdable Payments)

Whilst the Notes are held within the clcaring systems, in all but the most remote
eircumstanes, its not expected that FATCA vil afiot the amount of any payment reccived
by the clcaring systems. However, FATCA may affect payments made to custodians or
intermedias in the subsequent payment chain leading to th ultimate investor any such
custodian or inermediary generally is unable to reccive payments fres of FATCA
vvitholding. also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a finan

hat is not emtlled to reccivo payments ce of wilhholding under PATCA, or an ulimate
investor that fl to provide its broker (or other custodian r intermediary from which lt

receive payment) with any information, forms, oher documentation or conser that may be
necessary for the payments to be mado free of FATCA withholding Investors should choose
he cusodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure cach s compliant with FATCA or other
laws or agreements rested to FATCA) and provide cach custodian or intermediary with any
information, forms, other documentation or consents hat may be necessary for such custodian
or intermediary to make a payment free of ATCA withholding.

The Funds obligations under the Notes are discharged once it has paid the clcaring systems,
“and the Fund has therefore no responsbilisy for any amount thrcafr transmitd through ho
elcaring systems and custodians or intermediarios

The United States and the Govemment of the Kingdom of Spain have entered ino an
intergovernmental agreement o facilita the implementation o FATCA (for the purposes of
this section, the IGA). An FEL (such as the Fund) that complics with the terms of the IGA, as
well as applicable local law requirements will not be subject to wihholding under FATCA
with respect to Withholdable Payments that it reccives, Further, an PEI that complics with ho
ems of the IGA will not be required to withhold under FATCA on payments it makes to
Noteholders of such EFI (unless it has agrecd to do so under the US. “qualificd
intermediary” “withholding foreign partnership," or “withholding forcign trust” regimes)
Pursuantto the IGA, an FFL is required to repor cetin information in respect of cetin fits
Notcholders to is home government, whereupon such information will be provided to the
US. Intemal Revenue Service. The Fund will underake to comply wit the IGA and any
»sbleto do o.

local implementinglegilaion, but here is no assurance hat will

“An FFI that fil 0 comply with the terms of the IGA may become subject o the FATCA.
Wihholding described above. Additionally, a failure to comply with fuure local
implementing legisation may result in negative consequences to an FEL The impositon of
the FATCA vilhbolding on payments made to the Fund wosld reduce the profiabilty, and
tus the cash avalabl to mul payments on the Notes. Prospective investrs should consult
Aliciradvisers abost the potential application of FATCA.

Economic conditions in the Euro-z0ne

“Concernsrelating to credit risks (including that of sovercigns and hose of entiic which are
exposed to soverigns) persis, in particular, with respoetto curent economic, monctary and
as


39.

political conditions in the Euro-z0ne, 1 such concerns further deteriorte (including as may
be demonstrated by any relevant credit rating agency action, any default or restructuring of
indebtedness by one or more states or institutions andior any changes to including any break
up OS, the Euro-zonc), then Ahcsc matters may causo further severe irss in the financial
system generally and/or may adversely afost one or more of the parties to to Programme
Documents (including th Seller andior the Service

In paricular, the economic conditions in the Euro-zone are funiher subject to the risks of
slowdown and volatility as a result of the recent clction in the United States and tho
considerable uncertainty surrounding the United Kingdonv's 23rd June, 2016 referendum on
whether to exit the Europcen Union and, given the United Kingdom public's ate to leave the
Esropcan Union, the considerable uncertainty as to the política implementation of that
mandato, the nature and timing of such an exit, th risk of contagion in other member states
and whether and to what extent this could continue to negatively impact the European
markets or ven the future of Euro-zone. ti also not possible to determine the impact that
Alcse matcrs will have on th business af the Fund (including the performance of the
underlying Purchascd Reccivable), any other pary o the Programme Documents andor any
debtor in respect of the underlying Purchascd Reccivables or on th regulatoy position of
any such entity or of ho transactions contemplaed by the Programme Documents under EU
regulation or more generally

Additionaly, political uncertainty in Spain increased due o the recent rise of new política!
panics and coaliions. The lack of stable majriic in the Spanish Parliament may result in
extended political negotiaions to adopt structural reforms and now legislations and could
Ahcrefore evcntually increase ibe uncertainty in Spain. Therefore, despite 1h recent
improvement in the European Financial markets and the recovery of Spaiws economy,
"uncertainty may persstin the coming months.

Given the curren uncertaintics and th range of possible outcomes, no assurance can be given
sto Ale impact of any of ho matters described above and, in patiula, no assurance can be

iven that such matters would not adversoly affect the rights of ho Noteholders, the market
Jue ofthe Notes andor the ability o the Fund to satis ts obligations under the Notes

For these purposes, Euro-Zone mcans the region comprisod of member sites of the
European Union that adopt hc single cumency in accordance wilh the Treaty establishing the
Europcan Community (signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on
European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992),

Voleker Role, Status of the Fund

Under Section 619 ofhe US. Dodd-Frank Wi
and the corresponding implementing rules (the Volcker Rule), "banking enútics" are
prohibited from, engaging in propritary trading or ftom acquiring or retaning any
“ownership interes" in, o acting as "sponsor" of or having certain relationships with, certain
investment vehicles referred to in ho Volcker Rule as “covered funds", except as may be
úpermitcd by an applicable exclusion or exception from the Volker Rule ln general, there is

ect Reform and Consumer Protection Act

3


ade

limited interretivo guidance regarding 1h Voleker Rule and the general efects of the
Voleker ale remain uncertain.

At th timo of constitution, the Fund is stuctured so as to not consttue a “covered fund"
based on Section _.10(CI8) of the Volcker Rule, commonly referred to as the Loan
Securitizaion Exclusion. lt is possible, however, that US. regulators could take a contrary
position and determine that he Esucr should not be excluded rom the definition of “covered
fund" under the Voleker Rule. Any prospective investor in the Note Seic, including a USS
or foreign bank ora subsidiary or other affiliate thercol should consult ts own legal advises
regarding the impact of such a determination and other potential cfects of he Volcker Rule.

CERTAIN REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS

Regulatory initiatives may have an adverse impact on the regulatory treatment of the
"Notes. No assurance is given that the transaction will comply with LCR or Solveney HL
requirements

In Europe, he USS. and elsewhere there s increased political and regulatory scutiny of the
assetbacked securiis industry. This has resulted in a TaÑ of measures for increased
regulation which are currently at various stages of implementation and which may have an
“adverse impact on the regulatory posion for certain investors in socuriliation exposures
“anda on the incemives for certain investorsto hold assct-backed socurtis, and may thereby
“ffs the lquidiy of such securtics. Investors in th Notes a responsible for analysing their
own regulatry position and none of ihe Fund, the Management Company, the Eligible
Hedging Countepartis, the Arrangers, any global coordinator, lead manager (including the
Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or undervriter and any other party to the Programme
Documents makes any representtion to any prospective investor or purchaser of he Notes
regarding the regulatory tretment of cir investment on the Disbursement Date or st any
time in he futur,

In particular, investors should note tha the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (for the
purposes of this section, IICBS) has approved significan changes to the Basel regulatory
capital and liquidiyy Framework (for the purposes of this section, such changes being
commonly referred to as Masel HI), including certain revisions to the securiisation
framework, Basel HI provides for a substantial strengihening of existing prudential rules,
including mew requirements intended to. reinforce capital standards (with hcightencd
requirements for global systemically important banks) and to establish a levcrage rato
“backstop” for financial institutions and certin minimum liquid standards (refered o as
he Liquidity Coverage Ratio (for the purposes of his section, LCR) and the Not Stable
Funding Ratio (for the purposes of this section, NSER)). CBS member countics arecd to
implement Basel HI from 1 January 2013, subject to transitional and phasccin arangements
for certain requirements (eg. the LCR requirements refe to implementation om the start of
2015, with full implementation by Jamary 2019, and the NSFR requirements refr to
implementation from January 2018). As implementation of any changes to the Basel
framework (including those made vía Basel II) requires national legislaion, the final rules
and the timetable for ts implementation in cach jurisdiction, a well as the treatment of aset-

»


backed secuitics (eg. as LCR cligible ascts or not), may be subject to some level of national
variation lt should also be noted that changes to regulatoy capital requirements have been
made for insurance and reinsurance underakings hrough participating jurisdictioninititivos,
such as the Solvency II framework in Europe (as this is defined in below)

In addition, investors should be aware of the EU risk rtention and due dligenco requirements
which currently apply, rare expected to apply in hc futur, in respect of various types Of EU
regulated investrs including credit institutions, athoriscd. alte

managers, investment firms, insurance and reinsurance undertakings, UCITS funds and
insttuions for occupational etirement provision. Amongst olher things, such requirements
estricta relevant investor from investing in asse-backed secuitic unles (1) that investor is
“ble o demonstrate that t has underaken certain due diligence in respect of various meters
including ts Note position, the underlying assts ad (in the case of cerain types of investors)
hc relevant sponsor or oigintor and (i) th orignator, sponsor or original lender n respect
fe relevant securitisaion has expliciy dísclosed to the investor that wil reta, on an
n-going basis, a net cconomic interest of mot less than 5 per cent. in respect of cet
pecificd credit risk tranches ar secuitised exposures. Failure to comply with one or more of
he requirements may result in various penaltis including, in the case of those investors
subject to regulatory capital requirements, the impostion of a penal copital charge on the
Notes acquired by the relevant investor. Aspects of the requirements and what is or will be
required to demonstrate compliance to national regulatrs remain unclea.

ive investment fund

lt should be noted that the European Commission has published legislativo proposal fortwo.
new regulations related to securiisation. Amongst other things, the proposals include
provisions intended to implement the revised securtiatin framework developed by BCBS
and provisions intended to harmonisc and replace the risk reention and us diigenco
requirements (including the corresponding guidance provided through technical standards)
applicable to cerin EU regulated investors. There are matril diflerences between tho
legislativo proposals and the current requirements including with respet to th applicable
“approach under the retetion requirements and the originator etitics cigible to reta the
required interest, Moreover, fuer changes may be, and have been, proposed through the
political negotation process. It is mot clear whether, and in what form, the legislativo
roposals (and any corresponding technical standards) will be adopted. ln addition, the
compliance position under any adopted reviscd requirements a ransactions entered into prior
o adoption, and oPactivitis undertaken by a paty (including an investo) in respect of such
transactions, is curenly uncertain

The risk reention and dus diligence requirements described above apply, or are expected to
apply, in respec of Ahe Notes. Wilh respect to the commitment of the Seller to retain a
material et cconomie interes in the securiisation and with respoet to the information to be
made available by the Fund or another relevant party (or, ar the Disbursement Date by the
Management Company on the Fund's behal) please see the statements set out in the section
af this Base Prospectus headod “Certain Regulatory and Industey Disclosures”, Relevant
investors are required to independemly assess and determine tho suliciency of the
information described above for the purposes of complying with any relevant requirements
and none of the Fund, the Arrangers, any global coordinaor, Icad manager (including the

e


42

Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwritr, he Eligible Hedging Counterpartcs o any
«herpany to ho transaction makes any representation that the information described above is
suffciet in al circumstances fo such purposes

Prospective: investors should iherefore make Mhemsclves aware of the changes and
requirements described above (and any corresponding implementing rule of thcir regulator),
where applicable o them, in scdition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with
respect to tir investment in h Notes. The meters described above and any other changes
o the regulation or regulatory treatment of he Notes for some or all investors may negtivly
impact he regulatry position of individual investors and, in addition, have a negative impact
om the price and liquidity of he Notes in th secondary market.

In addition, investrs must cary out thcir own legal review and analysis, in order to
determine whether:

(a) the Notes are deemed as high quality liquid ases or the purposes of the liqidiy
coverage raio (LCR) established by the Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the
European Parliament and of the Council, of June 26* 2013, on prudental
requirements for credit insitutions and invesiment firms and amending he
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 (CRR), as implemented by the Commission
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61, of October 10* 2013, to supplement Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council with regard to
liqudity coverage requrement for Credit Insturions and the ntonal implementation
measures and, if applicable whcther they ac deemed Level 2A or Level 2 assts as
described by the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61, of October 10
2013, o supplement Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and
he Council wit regard to liquiity coverage requirement for Credit Insiuions; and

(9) he Notes shall he deemed as a Type 1 or Type 2 securtiaton invesiment as
described in aicle 254) f the Commission Delegaed Regulation (EU) 201513, of
Osober10* 2013, supplemening Directve 2009/138/EC ute European Partiamcnt
and of he Council an th taking-up and para of he business OP Insurance and
Rcinsuance (Solvency Il Regulation)

None of he Management Company, the Arrangers hc any global coordinator, cad manager
(Gncluding the Joint Lead Managers). bookrunncr or undenvriter, the Seller or the Servicer
makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser o the Noles as to these
matters on the date of this Base Prospoctus or at any time in the fare

Impact of financial transaction taxes

On 14 February 2015, the Europcan Commission published is proposal (fr the purposes of
his section, the Commission's Proposal) for a Council Directivo implementing enhanced
ooperatin in hc area oa financial transaction tax (for the puposes ofthis section, FIT), o
be adopted in certain participating EU member states (including Belgium, Germany, Estonia
Greece, Spain, France, ly, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia, alhough Estonia has
since stated ta it vil not participat).

»


43.

The proposed Directivo sims to ensure that th financial sector makes a fair and substan
contribution to covering the costs of the financial crisis and creating a love playing Mel with
¿her sectors from a texation point of view. A joint statement isucd in May 2014 by ten of
he eleven participating Member Stats indicated an intention to implement the FIT
progressively, such that it would initally apply to shares and certain derivatives from 1

January 2016, although the ETT proposal has not yet been introduced and sl remains subject
o negotiation between those states and the scope of any such tax is uncertin. lt may
Ahcrefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclcar

Additional EU member states may decide to participate

Under the Commission's Proposal (as defined above) the ETT could apply in cerain
eircumstances to persons both within and outside af the paricipating Member States
Gencrally it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at last one party is a
Financial instuion, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A

insútution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member
State in  broad range of circumstances, including (a) y transacting vith a person established
in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the
dcalings is issued in a participating Member Stato

finan

The FIT may give rise to tax liabiliis for the Fund with respect to certain transaction
(ncluding concluding swap transations andar purchases or sales of securitics (such as
auhorised investments) ft is adopted bascd on the Commission's Proposal. Any such tax
liabiliics may reduce amounts available o the Fund to meet its obligations under the Notes
and may result in invesorsrecciving ess interest or principal than expected

le should also be noted that the FTT could be payable in relation to relevant transections by
investors in respect of the Notes (including secondary market transuctions) ¡th conditions
for a charge to ariso are saisficd and the FIT is adopted based on the Commissiows
Proposal. Primary market transactins referred to in amicle Ste) of Regulation (EC) No
1287/2006 ae expected to be exempt

Prospective holders aho Notes are adviso to seck tir own professional advice in relation
to1he ETT

No assurance is given that the transaction will be designated as a simple, transparent
securitisation

On 30 September 2015, the Europcan Commission published legislativo proposals for two
ox regulations related to sccuriisaion. Amongst others, the proposals include provisions
intended to implement the reviscd securitisaion framework developed by BCBS (the CRR.
Amendiment Regulation) and provision intended to harmonisc and replace the risk retetion
and due diligence requirements applicable to centain EU regulated investors (he SIS
Regulation)

The STS Regulation also

ims to create common foundation criteria or identifying “STS
There a still material difierences between th legisimivo proposal and the
current requirements (including with respec o application of rtention requirements and the

“o


4.

riginator entities cligible to retain hc required interes). In addition, the compliance position
under any adopted revised requirements Of transactons entered into, and of activities
vundertaken by a party including an investor), prior to adoption s uncerain. No assurance can
be given that the transaction will be designated as an

Regulation al any point in the fare

'STS securtisation” under tho STS

Prospective: investors should ihercfore make Mhemsclves aware of the changes and
requirements described above (and any corresponding implementing rules), The matices
described above and any other changes to he regulation or egulatory treatment of the Notes

for some oral investos may negatively impact the regulatory position of individual investors
and, in addition, have 2 negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in tho
secondary market

Potential reform ol Euribor determinations

Financial markst reference rates and thcir colulation and determination procedures have.
ome under close public scratiny in recen years Starting n 2009, muthoiic in juriictons
such as the European Union, the United Stats, Japan and others investigate cases o alleged
misconduct around the ateseting of LIBOR, Euribor and othe reference rats. A mumber of
imiitives to reform reference ate seting have been launched as a consoquence by the
regulatory and supervisory communitics as well as the financial markets. These include the
Final Report of ESMA-EBA on Principles for BenchmareSettng Processes in ho European.
Union published ín June 2013 and the Regulaion (EU) 2016/1011 of the European
Parliament and of ho Council of $ June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks ín financial
instruments and financial contacts or to measure the performance of investment funds and
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (for the
purposes of this section, the Benchmark Regulation), which entered into fores on 30 June
2016.

The Benchmark Regulation spplics to “contibutors”, “administratore” and. “users of
benchmarks (such as Euribor and Libor) in the EU, and, among other things, (1 requires
benchmark administators to be authorised (or, ¡P nomEU-based, to be subject to an
equivalent regultory regime) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the
administration of "benchmarks" and (4) ban the use of benchmarks of unauthorised
administators

Potential impacts of the Benchmark Regulation and othorinititives on th determination of
Euribor in the fatre could be am increase of costs and risks of administring or ohenvise
panicipaing in the seting of a benchmark and complying with any such regul

requirements, changes in the rules or methodologies used in certuin benchmarks or the
disappcerance of cetin benchmarks. is, however, not possible to ascortain as at the dto of
his Prospectus how such changes may impuet the determination of Euribor for the purposes
af he Notes and the Hodging Agrements, whether this vil result ín an increase or decrease
in Esribor rates or whether such changes vil have an adverse impact on the liquidiy or the

market value of the Notes

a


45.

46.

Change oflaw

The structure of the transaction described in this Base Prospectus and, inter alía e issue oP
he Noes and the ratings which are to b assigned to the Rated Notes are based on Ah law
and administrativo practico in cestas at the date of this Bose Prospectas as it aflets the
panista Abe transaction and the Audited Portfolio and having regard to the expected tax
treatment of all relevant entities under such law and practice. No assurance can be given sto
he impact of any possble change to such law (including any change in regulation which may
occur without a change in primary legislaion), administrative practice or ax treatment añr
he date of his Base Prospectus nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such
hange would advetcly afct th ability of the Fund to make payments under the Notes.

In addition, it should be noted that regulatory requirements (including any. applicable
reten, due diligence or disclosure obligaions) may be recast or amended and there can be
o assurance that any such changes will mot adversey affect the compliance position of
transaction described in this Base Prospectus or of any pany under amy applicable law or
regulation

CRAs

The Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 of the Europcan Parliament and of the Council of 31 May
2013 amending the CRA Regulation (for the purposes of this section, CRA3) became
effetive on 20 June 2013. CRA3 provides for censin additional disclosure requirements
vwbich are aplicable in relation to stuctured finance transactions. Such disclosares will need
o be made via a website to be setup by ESMA.

The precise scope and manner of such disclosure a subjee o regulatory technical standards
(lor the purposes of this section, the CRA3 RTS) prepared by ESMA, On 30 September
2014, the Europcan Commission adopted three CRAS RTS to implement provisions of he
CRAS. The CRAS RTS specify () the information that the issue, originator and sponsor of
ructured finance instrument established in the European Union must jointiy discloso on the
ESMA website, () the frequency with which this information is to be updated and (ii) the
presentation o his information by means of standardisd disclosure templates

Additionally, CRAS has introduced a requirement hat where an issucr or related third parti
((vhich term includes sponsors and origintors intends to solici credit rating of stuctured
Finance instrument t will sppoint at least two credit ring.

appointing at least one rating agency having not more than a 10 por cent. total market share
(as measured in accordance with anicle $d(3) of he CRA (as amended by CRAS RTS)) (for
he purposes of this section, a small CRA), provided that a small CRA is capable of rating the
relevant istuance or entity. Where the issue ora related third party docs not appoint least
“ne credit rating agency with no more than 10% market sha, this must be documented. In
order to give efe to those provision of nice 8d of CRA3, ESMA is required to anmually
publish a list a registered CRAs, tir total market share, and the types of credit rating they

:encios and should consider

.


47

advsors as to the applcabilty af he CRAS RTS and any
consequences of non-compliance in respect of cir investment in the Notes of any Note
Series.

European Market Infrastructure Regulation EU 648/2012 (EMIR)
EMIR and the regulations made under it impose certain obligations on partics to OTC

derivative contract according to whether hey are "financial counterpartics” or “non-financial
counterpaics”.

Financial counterpartics (as defined in EMIR) will, depending on the identity of their
counterpaty, be subject to a general obligation (the “clcaring obligaion”) to clear
“eligible” OTC dervative contracs lhrough a duly authoriscd or recognised central
esunterpaty. hey must also report the details fall deivative contracts to atrae repository
(th “reporting cbligaion”) and in general undertaks ceain risk-miigaion tochniques in
espect oPOTC derivative comtrcts which ae not elcured by a central commterpaty, including
complying with requirements related to timely confirmation of terms, porílioreconci
dispute resolution, daily valuation and margin posting (together, the “risk miigaion
bligations")

Non-financial counterpomcs (as defined in EMIR) are not subjestto the clcring obligtion
unless th gross notional value af al derivative contacts etered into by tho non-financial
counterpaty and other non-financial emtilics in ias “group”, excluding cligible hedging
transaction, excced certain thresholds and its counterpaty ís also subject to the clcaring
abligation. 1 he Fund is considered to be a member of such “group” (as defined in EMIR)
and if aggregate notional value of OTC derivative contracte entered into by the Fund and
any non-financial entiics within such group excceds the applicable thresholds, ho Fund
vol be subject to th clcaring obligaton or ¿he relevant contract s not a type required to
be clcared, to the risk mitigation obligations, including the margin posting requirement based
on th principle that counterpantics have an obligtion to protest themselves against credit
exposures to derivatives counterpanics by collecting margins where those contrats ac not
eleared by a central counterpanty

Therefore, iFthe Fund becomes subject to the clcaing obligation or the margin roquirement,
is unlkcly hat it would be able to comply with such requirements, which would adversely
affet he Fund' ability o enter into Hedging Agrccments or significa increase the cost
creo negatively afecting the Fund' ability to hedge its interest rate risk. As a result of
such increased costs, additional regulatry requirements and limittions on abiiy o hc Fund
o hee intrest rat risk, the amounts payable to Notcholders may be negative afcted

The Hedging Agrecments may contain carly termination events which are based on the
application of EMIR and which may allow the relevant Hedge Counterpary to termina a
Hedging Agreements upon the occurence of such an even. The termination of a Hodging
Agreement in hose circumstances may result in a termination payment being payable by the
Fund.

e


CERTAIN REGULATORY AND INDUSTRY
DISCLOSURES

COMPLIANCE WITH EU RISK RETENTION REQUIREMENTS

The Seller, as an originator for the purposes of the CRR, the Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013
fe EU Directivo 2011/61/EU on Alternative Invesiment Fund Managers (the ALEMR) and
the Solveney II Regulation, will rtain, on an ongoing basis, a material net economic interest
“af not less than five percent, int secuitsation contemplated by the Programme Documents
in accordance with arcle 405 of the CRR (Article 405), anicle 51 of he AIEMR (Article
SI) and anicle 254 of ho Solvency II Regulation (Article 254) (which, in cach case, is
iterpreted and spplicd on the Disbursement Date and docs not take ino account any
corresponding national measures) (the Retentio)

The Retention will compris the Seller holding an interest in th first loss tranche represented
in his cose by Seller Interest Credit Facil, and any Class of Notes retined by the Seller (il
any and as specified in the relevant Issuing Document), as required by the tt of cach of
paragraph (d) of Article 405(1) ofthe CRR, paragraph (d) of Article S1(1) of the AIEMR and
paragraph (d) of Article 254(2) of the Solvency II Regulation. Any chango to ho manner in
vwbich such imerest is held will be notifcd to Notcholdes. Such Retention by the Seller is
provided by means o he Seller Interest Credit Facility and any Class of Notes reained by the
Seller (Fany). As at he fist Notes Issue Disbursement Date, such Retention will be provided
"y means of he Seller Interest Credit Facility and the subscription of he Class (2017-01
Notes.

This Retention option nd tho methodology used to calcule the net cconomie interest will
ot change, unless such change is requiod due to cxccptional circumstancs, in which case
such change will be appropristely diclosed to Notcholders and published on the following
website: (ww mitlizacioncom). ln compliance with aricle 409 of CRR, the S
ensure tt all investos can casily access al necessary data ogarding credit quality and the
evolution of underying positions and treasury Mlows backing the securiisation exposures,
together with any information necessary to carry out detiled and documented stress tesis of
Ac cash Mlowsbacking the underling exposares.

As o th information made available o prospective investors by the Fund, reference is mado
o the information se out hercin and forming part of his Base Prospectus and to any other
information provided separately (which information shall not form part of this Base
Prospectus), including the Seller Interest Credit Facility and, aer the fist Notes Issue
Disbursement Date, to ho Investor Reports provided o the Notcholders and published on the
following website: (www imtiulizacion.com)

The Seller will underake to () the Arrangers and the relevant global coondinatrs, lead
managers (including the Banco Santander and Natiis as joint lead managers in connection
vih th first Note Seris issued by th Fund (the Joint Lead Managers)) o underwriters and
(úl) the Fund, in cach coc, forso long as any Notes remain oustanding, lat ht will:

e


(a) — om the fist Notes Issue Disburscment Date hold, and thercafler it will rtai, on an
úngoing basis, a material nt economic interest of no less than five per cent. in the
ed by the Programme Documents in accordance wiih Article
AOS(1 A) of the CRR, Article SI(1X) of he AIEME taking nto account Article 56
af be AJEMR and Article 254(2Xd) of Solvency Il Regulation which, in cach case, is
interpreted and applicd on th first Notes Issue Disbursement Date and docs not take
into account any corresponding national measures; such retetion by the Seller will
e provided by means of the Sell Interest Crit Facility anlor amy Class C Notes
retained by the Seller (1 any); this retetion option and 1h methodology used to
calculate th nt economic interest will not change, unless such change is required
due to exception cireumstances and only to the extent permitted and in compliance
with th requirements set out in CRR, he AIEMR and he Solvency 1! Regulation;

(0) comply withihe disclosure obligations imposcd on oiginator credit institutions under
he CRR, the AIEMR and the Solvency II Regulation, including, but no! limitd to,
by disclosing when any breach of the Retention commitment occurs or when the
performance of lhe securtisaion or underlying exposures materialy change or
following a breach of ho agreements and documentation related to the Programme
subject always to any roquirement of law providod that the Seller will not be in
reach of such undertaking if it falls to so comply due to events,
«ircumstances beyond the Seller's control; and

(c) not sell, hedge or otherwise mitigate ts credit risk under ts material nt economic
interest inho secuitistion as provided by means af ho Seller Imrest Credit Facil
andíor any Class of Notes retained by the Seller (if any), except to the cxtent
permited by the CRR, the AIEME and the Solvency I Regulation.

Each prospective invetor s required to independently assess and determino the sufiieney of
the information described above and in tho Base Prospectus generally for the purposes of
complying with cach of Part Five ofthe CRR (including Anicle 405), Section Five of Chapter
JUL of the ALFMR (including Article S1) and Chapter VIIL of Title 1 of the Solvency 1
Regulation (including Artcl 254) and any corresponding national measures which may be
relevant and none of hc Fund, the Management Company, hc Seller, any global coordinator,
lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwrte, the Arrangers,
the Eligble Hodging Countempartics or any other party to the transaction makes any
representtion that the information described above or in the Base Prospectas is suffciet in
“il circumstances for such purposes. Investors who are uncertan as o th requirements which
apply 10 them in respect of thcir relevant juisdiction, should seek guidance from Ahcir
regalator.

In relation 10 he retention covenant to be given by the Seller o ho Fund in he Seller Interest
Credit Facility Agreement, the Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement and tho
relevant Notes Subscription Agreement in accordance with the CRR, the ALEM and tho
Solvency II Regulation regarding the material net economic interest to be retained, on an
ngoing basis, by ihe Seller in the securiistion and (in respect of CRR only) certain

requirements as to providing investor information in connection therewith, the Management

as


Company, the Arrangers, ny global coordinato, Icad manager (including thc Joint Lead
Managers), booksunner or underwiter will not be under any obligaion to monitor the
«compliance by the Seller with such covenant and will not be under any obligtion to take any
action in relation to nor-compliance with such covenant

RISK RETENTION REQUIREMENTS

The final rales implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 941 of ho
Dadd-Frank Act, codiicd hy Section 15G of he US. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, asin
fet at any timo oras otherwise amendod (he U.S. Risk Retention Rules), came into efect
vvith respect to all assct classes on 24 December 2016 and require the “sponsor” of a
'sccurtiation transaction" o rtain an conomie interest in at least per cent. of the "eredit
visk of he "sccuritizad asc”, as such terms are defined for purposes of that statu, and
generally prohibit a sponsor from direcly or indiccty climinating or reducing is credit
exposure by hedging or olhenvise ransfcrring the credit risk hat he sponsor is required to
rain. "Th US. Risk Retention Rules also provide for certain cxemplions from the risk
retetionobligaion that hy generally impose.

The Seller, as the sponsor under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, does not intend to retin al
least $ percent. ote credit risk of the Fund for purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules,
ut rather ánends to rely on an csemption provided for in Section 20 of the US. Risk
Retenion Roles regarding non-U.S. transaction. Such non-US. transactions must meet
crtain requirements, including that (1) the transaction is not required to be and is not
registered under the Securities Act; (2) no more than 10 per cent, of he dolar value (or
equivalent amount in the currency in which the asset-backed securtis are issued) ol all
lasses of astotbackod securitics issucd in the sccuritiation transaction are. sold or
transfer to US. persons (as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and refered to in this
Base Prospcctus as Risk Retention U.S. Persons) or for the account or benefit af Risk
Retemion US. Persons; (3) nitherih sponsor nor the issucr of the securitization transaction
is organised under US. law or is a branch located in he United States oa non-US. entity
and (3) no more than 25 per cent oh underiing colltral was acquired from a majority-
“owned aflit or branch of the sponsor or issucrorganised or located in the United

The Notes offered and sold by the Issucr may not be purchased by (or during the Distribution
“Compliance Period, trnsfered 10) Risk Retention U.S. Persons, Prospective invetors should
ote that th definition o U.S. person in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is substantially similar
to, but no idetial to, the definition 0 U.S. person under Regulation S, ad tha persons who
are not "US. persons” under Regulation S may be U.S. persons under tho U.S. Risk Retention
Rules. The definition of US. person in he U.S. Risk Retention Rules is excepted below
Particular ttetion should be paid to clauses(B) and (b), which ae diferent han comparable
provisions from Regulation $.

Under the U.S. Risk Retenion Rules, and subje 0 limited exceptions, “US. perso
"Risk Retemtion U.S. Person" in his Base Prospectus) means any af hc following:

and

(2) Anyenataral person resident in the United States;

4


(6) Any parmertip, corporation, limited iablcy company, or other organisation or
ny organisd or incorporated under Uh avs of any State or th United Sures;

(c) Any estate of which any exccutor or administrator isa Us. person (as defined under
any other clau of this definition):

(4) Any trust of which any trutce isa UsS. person (as defined under any other clau of
his definition):

(e) Anyageney or branch of forign entity located in the United Stats:

(0 Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held
by a dealer or other fduciay for the benefi or account oPa US. person (as defined
under any other clase of his definition)

(8) — Any discrtionay account or similar account (other than an estate or trust hold by a
dealer or other fiducary organisd, incorported, or (¿Pan individual) resident in the
United States; and

(6) Any partmership, corporation, limited liablty company, or other organisation or

emy

6) organised or incorporated under the laws of any forcignjuriicton; and

Gi) fomedbya US. person (as defined under any che clau oflhis definition)
rincipally for the purpose of investing in securitis not registered under the
Securities Act

Conscquently, (a) on any Issue Date, the Notes offered and sold by the Issuer may not be
purchased by any person except for persons that are not Risk Retention U.S. Persons and (b)
during the Distribution Compliance Period, the Notes may not be transfered to any person
except for persons that are not Risk Retention US. Persons. Each holder of a Note or a
benefcial interest thercin acquired on th Issue Date or during the Distribution Compliance
Period, by its acquisition o a Note or a beneficial interes ina Note, will bc deemed, and, in
srain crcumstances will he required, to represent to the Fund, the Management Company,
he Seller, the Arrangers, any global coordinstor lead manager (including the Joint Lead
Managers), bookrunner or underwriter that it (1) is no a Risk Retention U.S. Person, (2 is
acquiring such Note o a benefc
distribute such Not and (3) is not acquiring such Note or a beneficia interstthrcin s part
ab scheme to evade he requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules

interest threin for ts own account and no with a vicwrto

* The comparablo provision from Regulaon Sis “() any panes or cosporaia organisd a incosporatd
adoro laws le Uned Sus
The comparable provision from Regulation S (vi) foemod by 4 US. person pricipal for he pupose of

iavesig in secu ns regístoed under th Securitis Ac
Voy acti investrs (as defined in 17 CFR 230 SOL(a) who ar no atra porons, sas o us

«down,

ls is organisod or incorporated,

"


There can be no assurance that the cxemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk
Retention Rules regarding non-U.S. transaction will be available. No assurance can be given.
sto whether failure by the Seller, as sponsor, to compl with hc U.S, Risk Retention Rules
(regardless of the reason for such fulur to comply) may give rise to regulatory action which
may adversely affect he Notes or their markct value. Furthcrmore, the impact of the US,
Risk Retention Rules on the securitization market generally is uncerain, and a fulure by the
Seller, as sponsor, to comply with hc U.S. Risk Retention Rules could therefore negatively
af the market value and secondary market liquidity o hc Notes.

None of the Fund, the Management Company, the Seller, thc Arrangers and lead managers
(including the Joint Lead Managers) or any of tir respective aflltes makes any
representtion lo any prospectivo investor or purchaser of the Notes as to whether tho
transactions described in this Prospoctus comply as a mutter of fact with the US. Risk
Retenion Rules on the Closing Date or at any time in the future. Investors should consult
licir own advisrs sto he US. Risk Retention Rules. No preditions can be made as to the
resis efect of such matices on any investor or otherwise

a


REGISTRATION DOCUMENT FOR ASSET-BACKED NOTES (ANNEX

Le

12

VI OF COMMISSION REGULATION 809/2004)
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE.

Persons responsible for the information given in the Registration Document

Mr José Amonio Tello del Valls, ín (he name and on behalí of INTERMONEY
TITULIZACIÓN, SG.FT, SA, wi registered address in Madrid, a calle Principe de
Vergara 13, plata 3 and with Spanish tex idefiction mumber (NIE) A-43774885, acting
as management company (Intermoney Tiulización o the Management Company) he
sccuriisaion fund Columbus Master Credi Cards, Fondo de Tilización, asumes
responsíbily for information st ut in his Registration Document

del Valle acts in his capacity of Chairman of th Board ol Directors
“af he Management Company and exercises the powers hat were expressly confered to him
for th incorporation of the Fund by the Board of Directors of the Manegement Company at

lts mecting held on the 24th of January 2017.

Declarations by the persons responsible for the information contained in the
Registration Document

Mr José Antonio Trujillo del Valle, on behalf of the Management Company, decares that,
having taken

this Registration Document s, o 1h best of his knowledge, in accordance with th facts and
does not omit anything likely o afec ls import

reasonable careto ensure that such she cae, he information contined in

STATUTORY AUDITORS
Issuer Auditors

Pursuant to the provision of section 44.2 of his Registration Document, ho Fund will be
ey incorporated and laks any historica financial information.

Throughout the duration of the transaction, the Fund's annual financial statements will be
subject to verificaion and annual review by thc auditor. The annual report and the quartery
report of the Fund set out in article 35 of Law 5/2015 will be filed with the CNMV sithin
Ae deadlinessctin the current regulations.

By vinue of the resolution adopted by the Board of Directors of the Management Company
on 24 January 2017, for and on behalf of the Fund, MAZARS Auditores, S.L, whose
details are included in section 52 of this Registration Document, was appointed as tho
Auditor of tie Fund for an initial period of tres (3) years. Lf subsequenti the Management
Company passes a resolution to appoint new sudiors for the Fund, notice would be given to
he CNMV, the Relevant Rating Agencies and the Notcholders pursuan o the provisions of
section 4.1.3 ofthe Additional Building Block.

“


22.

42

Accounting principles used by the issuer

The Fund's income and expenses will be reported in accordance with the accounting
principles in force pursuantto CNMY Circular 2/2016, 020 April, on accounting standards,
annual. financial statements, public financial statements and comfidential statistical
information statements of Securitisation Funds, as amended (Circular 22016, de 20 de abril

de la Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores sobre normas contables, cuentas anuales
estados financieros públicos y estados reservados de información estadística de los Fondos
de Tilización) (Circular 2/2016) or in accordance with the regulations applicable at any
giventime,

The Fund's financial ycar vil coincido with the calendar yce, starting on 1 January and
ending on 31 December cach year. However, as an exception, he fist accounting period will
start on the Fund Incorporation Date (as defined in section 44.1 below) and will end on 31
December 2017, and he last accounting period will end on the date of cxtinguishmment o the
Fund.

RISK FACTORS ASSOCIATED WITH THE FUND

Th risk factors associated with tho Fund arc those detailed in section 3 (RISKS DERIVING
FROM THE LEGAL STATUS AND BUSINESS OF THE FUND) of the Risk Factors

INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER

Statement that the issuer has been Incorporated as a securtiation fund!

The Fund is a securtisation fund with open-cnd assts and iabiltics to be incorporated in
“accordance with Law S/2015 for the purpose of issuing the Notes and acquiring the
Rescivables represening the credit rights arsing from the Credit Cards Agrecments. lo
articula, the Fund will be incorporated as an isolated pool of asseis with not legal
personality pursuant o Law 5/2015.

Legal and commercial name ol the issuer

hs name of the Fund will be “Columbus Master Credit Cards, Fondo de Tiulización”. The
Fund shall also be refrred toas "Columbus Master Credit Cards, FT

Al Class A Notes,

1 Clas E Notes (if any) and all Class C Notes issued on the same Issue
Date will constitute a Note Serios which shall b designated by means o:

(a) — a four digit number representing the year on which the Note Seris was issue, in ho
following format: Note Series "20%" followed by

(0) the mumber of such Note Serios in respect of the relevant year, in the following
format: "yy".

so


43.

Place of registration ol the issuer and registration number.

The Management Company hercby declare that ncithr the incomoration of the Fund, nor he
Notes to be issued backed by ts assets, will bo registered in the Spanish Commercial Registry
(Registro Mercantil, puesuant to the exemption set out in article 22.5 of Law 5/2015, without
prejudice to the registration of this Base Prospcctus by the CNMV, which took place on 6
April 2017, and to the fling with the CNMV, for incorporation int the publi register, of a
spy ofthe Decd o Incorporaton, in the erms set out in amclo 22 of Law 5/2015 and aicles
36 and subsequent of Legisative Royal Decros 4/2015, dated 23 October, approving the
onsolidated text o the Securitics Markt Law (Real Decreto Legislaivo 42015, de 23 de
octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (ho
Legisative Royal Decree 4/2015 or the Securities Market Law, the contents of which will
match the provisions of his Base Prospctus filed with the CNMV. Under no circumstances
vil the terms of such document contradict, modify, alter or invalidate hc contents of this
Base Prospeetus.

The Doe of Incorpoation will be granted on th Fund Incorporaion Date and will be df
in Spanish language. The Decd of Incorporation muy be amended in th terms set out in
arce 24 of Law 5/2015 (being such amendimentsdrafid in Spanish language as we)

(Ones the CNMV verifics the compliance af ho legal requirements for the amendment of the
Deed of Incorporation, the Management Company will cxccute the relevant decd of
“amendiment to the Deed of Incorporation and file an auhorised copy with the CNMV for its
incorporation into th public register. The amendment of the Decd of Incorporstin through
the corresponding decd of amendment will be communicate by the Management Company
to the Relevant Rating Agencies and published by the Management Company by means a ho
public period information of the Fund and on ts website

The Deed of Incorporsion may also be subjet to amendiment at the request of he CNMV.
Additionaly, in accordance with arcle 24 of Law 5/2015, where required, a Prospectus
Supplement may need to be prepared and published s relevant information.

Lssuing Document

The incorporation af the Notes of the successive Notes Series vil e instrumented through
he relevant Isuing Document according to the paragraphs below, depending on whether the
Notes vil be listed or unlistd, the type of market (regulaed or untegulated) and the form of
hc ts (bookcentry or physical ie)

(a) — provided that the Notes of the Notes Series are intended for listing in AJAF, an
riginal of cach Final Terms vil bc sent to () he CNMV and AJAF for its admission
to listing on or aer the Issue Date of th corresponding Notes Serios and (i)to the
CNMV and IBERCLEAR for the purposes of registration as book-<ntics;

(0) provided that the Notes of the Notes Series are intended for listing in MARE, an
original of cach Terms and Conditis (1erminos y condiciones or documento privado,
e emisión) will be sent to (6) MARE for ts admission to listing on orar th Issue

s


Date of he corresponding Notes Series ad (i) o 1he CNMV and IBERCLEAR for
he purposes of registration a book-entries;

(e) provided that tho Notes of 1he Notes Series are intended for listing in any other
regulatod market, an original of cach Final Terms will be sen to (the CNMV and
he respectivo regulated market, for is admision o listing on or añr he Issue Date
of the corresponding Notes Sers, and () to the CNMV and IBERCLEAR for the
purposes of registration as bool-entics;

(e) provided that tho Notes of the Notes Series are intended for listing in any other
unregulated market, an original of cach Terms and Conditions (serminos y
«condiciones or documento privado de emisión) as may be required by such market
vil be sent to (5) such unregulated market's governing body for its admission to
listing on or añr the Issue Date of he corresponding Nolos Series, and () to the
CNMV and IBERCLEAR for the purposes of registration as book-entics;

(e) provided tt the Notes of the Notes Serie are not intended for listing if roprosented
in bookeentrics, an original of the Deed of Issue and solely for the purposes of
registration as Boolcentrics, to the CNMV and the relevant financial institution
appointed by the Management Company lo carry ut he relevant book-<ery registry
on orar Issue Date of the corresponding Notes Series; and

(0) provided tt the Notes of the Notes Series are not intended for listing if represented
in physical ties, th relevant Dosd of sue exccuted by the management Company,
for and on bhallof lc Fund, will not require of any communication to the CNMV or.
any tir partos

Under no circumstances will th terms of th Issuing Document contradict, modify, alter or
void th contents ofhis Base Prospeetus.

For bese purposes

Issuing Document mcans cach document exccuted by ho Management Company, for and on
behalf of the Fund, whcrcby the issuance of Notes ol he succesive Notes Series will be
instrumented, including, cach Final Terms, cach Terms and Conditions and cach Decd of
Josue

Final Terms means the final terms which will b prepared by th Management Company in
relation o the issue o any Class A Notes, Class 13 Notes and any Class C Notes to be listed in
ALAF or in any other regulated market, substatilly in th form set out in Schedule 2 “Form
af Final Terms

Terms and Conditions means the temms and conditions (terminos y condiciones or

documento privado de emisión) which wil be prepared by the Management Company in

relation to the issue o any Class A Notes, Class 13 Notes and any Class C Notes to be listed in

MARE or in any other unegulated market, Each Terms and Conditions shall include, mutars
included in Schedule 2 “Form of Final Terms”.

muaa the inrmat

s


4.

Deed of Issue mcans the relevant deed of issue (escritura de emisión) in rlaion to he issue
of any unistod Class A Notes, Class 3 Notes and any Class C Notes. Each Deed of ssuc
shall include, muatis mutandi, tn information included in Schedule 2
Tem”

jor of Final

Date olincorporation snd length of le of the issuer
44.1.. Date of incorporation of he issuer.

The Management Company, acting in the nar and on behalf the Fund, together with ho
Seller vil proceed, once this Bose Prospectus has been registered with the CNMV, to grant
he Decd of Incorporation on 7 April 2017 (the Fund Incorporation Date), in he terms set
tin article 22 of Law 5/2015.

442. Lite ofthe Fund

The lfe of the Fund will run from the Fund Incorporation Date provided for in ho previous
section until th legal maturty date of the Fund, on which the Fund will be extinguísbed,
which s scheduled for the Monthly Payment Date of December 2092 (the Fund Legal
Maturity Date), unless the Fund is cary liquidaed or extinguishod in accordance with ho
rovisions of scetion 4:43 of this Registration Document

The Fund Logal Maturty Date may be extended following an amendment to the Doed of
Incorporation of the Fund with he prior consent of all the Noteholders and the other creditos
fe Fund (excluding non-financial creditos)

443. Early liquidation of he issuer.

The Management Company will proceed to cary out th carly liquidation of the Fund (he
Karly Liquidation) on the Monthly Payment Date on which (a) the last outstanding
Purchased Reccivable is extinguished or writemofE or (b) the Management Company
transfers to (5) the Seller (or any other third party etiyics), which can cir belong tho
group of the Seller or not, authorized by the Seller for such purposes (the Authorised
Entityies); or (y) to any other third parties all custanding Purchascd Receivabls in a
single transaction following the ocewmence of a Fund Liquidation Esent (he Fund
Liquidation Date) in accordance with section 44.4 below

For these purposes, a Fund Liquidation Event shall mean the occurrence of any of the
following cireumstances:

(a) — ifso directed by the Soller, where the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of ll
¿utstanding Notes is equal or less than 10% of th aggregate Initial Principal Amount
Acro or

(0) where the Notes issued by the Fund are held solely by the Seller o here are no Notes
outstanding and the Seller requests the liqidation of Fund; or

s


(<) — mandato, if four (4) months have clapsed since the occurrence of an event giving
rise to ihe mandatory replacement of the Management Company due to the
declaration oPan insolvency procecding (concurso) thrcof as provided in amticle 33
of Law 5/2015) or in case that ts authorisation to act as management company were
do be revoked without a new management company having been found tas
prepared to take over the management of th Fund appointed pursuant to section 37.1
of he Additional Building Block; or

(4) six (6) months priorto the Fund Legal Maturity Date; or

(c) — whenthe Management Company has th consent and the expres acceptance o all ho
Notchalders and the counterparios to the Fund (including for the avoidance of doubt
he Seller) in relation to the payment of he amouns relato t the Early Liquidation
and the procedure to cary out such Early Liquidasion.

The Management Company will procced to liquidte the Fund following the occurrence of a
Fund Liquidation Event (once the CNMV and the Notcholders have been informed in the
manner set ost in section 4 of the Additional Building Block). such circumstance constituting
an Acccleraed Amontisation Event

The liquidation of the Fund shall be made in accordance with the Ascelerated Priority of
Payments set out in section 3-42 ofthe Additional Building Block.

4444... Re-transfer und sale of the Purchased Reccivables

(a) — In the event of the occurrence of any Fund Liquidation Event, the Management
Company, acting for and on behalf oh Fund, shall) immediately notify th Seller
of the accurrence of any Fund Liquidation Event, and () propose to the Seller to
repurchase in a single transaction, under the terms and provisions hercinafier
provided (the Offer to Retransfer) all the outstanding Purchascd Reccivables
remaining among the assets of the Fund. The Offer to Retranfer shall include the
Reference Repurchase Price (as defined below) calculated by the Management
Company.

The repurchaso price of such Purchased Reccivables (the Reference Repurehase
Price) proposed by the Management Company to the Seller (or to any other
Authorised Enitytis)) shall correspond to th then Outstanding Principal Balances
as defined in section 22 of the Additional Building Block) of the Purchased
Rescivables plas any acerued and unpaid outstanding interes

The Reference Repurchaso Price applicable to Abe retransfer of he Purchased
Reccivables (together with any Fund Available Cash) shall bo suffciet in order to
enable the Fund to repay in ful all amounts of any nature whatsocver, due and!
úpayable in respect of th outstanding Rated Notes, añcr the payment by the Fund of
“il Miabiliis raming parí passu with or in priority to those amownis in the relevant
Accclorated Priority o Payments

se


(6). Therepurchase ofthe Purchasod Reccivables remaining among the asscts ofthe Fund
shall take place on a Repurchase Date and, a the carlis, on th fist Repurchase
Date following the date on which an Ofer to Retransfer is sent to the Seller upon the
Fund Liquidation Event has been declared by the Management Company. The
procceds of the Reference Repurchase Price shall be credited on the relevant
Repurchase Date to thc General Account

(c) — The Seller may acquire on ts own or designate any etty to repurchase par or all ho
Purchascd Reccivables. Such designated entity shall repurchase the: Purchased
Rescivables under the same terms and conditions applicable to th Seller: in
panicula, the designated entity shall be cmttlcd to repurchase part or
Purchased Reccivables provided that no Insolveney Event has occurred in re

such designated ei

(4) Other han in the ventsforescen in paragraph (a) and (0) of section 443 above, hc
be cmtilled to refuse any Ofer to Retransfer made by the Mar

By no later than thiry (30) calendar days following reccipt of the Offer to Retanster
(or wihin such other notice period as may be agreed upon by the Management
Company, the Seller andor the relevant Authorised Entity), the Seller andor the
Authorised Entity shall notiy in writing thcir acceptance or refusal of he Offer to
Retransfe. 1, upon th cxpiry of that period, the Seller and/or the Authorisod Entity
have frled to rely, they shall be decmod to have refused the OfTerto Retransfe,

(6) If the Seller andior the Auborised Entity rfuse(s) such oler, ho Management
Company shall ofer hc Purchascd Reccivables to () at last hres (3) emitics among.
ose most active in the purchase and sale of similar assts and (di) the Seller
(provided no Insolvency Event has occurred in respet ihereto), which all of hem
may bid concurently and without preference amongs! hemsclves.

The Management Company shall set aut the terms and conditions of he bidding
process (including, without limiation, the information to be provided to the bidders
and deadline to submit hc bids) in the manner it considers best to maximiso th value
fe Purchased Reccivables.

In such case, the Management shall accept the best offer reccived for the Purchased
Reccivable from any of such third entitis o the Seller, The Seller shall not enjoy a
pre-emption right o match the best ofrreccived by the Management Company.

LC mo relevant ofer ls reccived from any third partics or the Seller, hn th Puchased
Rescivabls shall remain as asststo the Fund, without prejudice to the possbiliy of
the Management Company to start a new auction process for the sale af the
Purchascd Reccivables in the terms st out in this paragraph.

(0) The Management Company may obtain any appraisal reports it decms necessary from
bird-party cniis in order to run the liquidation process, including any valuation

ss


reports from third partos to determino the market value of the outstanding Purchased!
Reccivables.

In case of reransr of Purchased Roccivables under the conditions set out in the
preceding paragraph, the retranser document shall take tho form of a private
transfer document or, upon request from the relevant purchaser, a public deed
(escritura or póliza) o etansfer.

(E). The Reference Repurchase Price hall be paid by Seller or the relevant Authorised
Entity) or the third party entity winning the auction proces o hs Pund in the General
“Account ar the Issucr Account so designtod by th Management Company.

(4) Once all the Purchasod Reccivables have been sold in accordance with above, hc
Management Company sl pply al the amounts that it obtains through he disposal
of he asss o the Fund, togeihr with th res of the Fund Available Cash that the
Fund might have at hat timo, 0 the payment of the diferent items, in the form,
amount and in accordance with the Acceleated Priority of Payments set out in
section 34.72 0f the Additional Building Block.

In any event, the Management Company will not proceed to extinguish the Fund and
o cancel ts registration in the conresponding administrative registris until t has
completed the sale of the remaining asscts of the Fund and the distribution of the
Fund Available Cash in accordance with he above.

445. Fundliquidation surplus.

Ones the Fund has been liquidated and all the payments have been mad pursuant o the

Accclorated Priority of Payments sct out in section 3472 of he Additional Building Block,

here ls any remaining amount, such remaining amount wil! be paid to the Seller as Variable

Fs in accordance with section 347.4 of the Additional Building Block.

44.6. Estinguishment of the Fund:

"The Fund will be extinguished, in any even, as a result of he following circumstances:

(a) upon fallrepayment oPall the obligations of the Fund towards its creditos; or

(6) whenthe Fund's Early Liquidation process set out in section 44.4 ends; or

(<) — inany.cvent, on he Fund Legal Maturity Date.

In th cvent that any of the situsions described in the preceding paragraph 0ccuss, the

Management Company shall inform the CNMV as set out in Section 4 of the Adgitinal
Building Block, and shall intiat ho relevant steps for the cxtinguishment of hc Fund.

Witkin six (6) months añcr the liquidation of the remaining assts of the Fund and the
distribution of the Fund Available Cash and, in any case, not late than the Fund Legal
Maturity Date, the Management Company vil gran a public deed (acta) declaring (1) the

5


extinguishment of the Fund and he reasons, as set out in this Base Prospectus, for tho
extinguishment,() the procedure followed in noifying the Notcholders and the CNMV, and
(li) the terms of the distribution of the Fund Available Cash in the Accclerated Priority of
Payments. This public deed (acta) vil be submitted by the Management Company to the
CNMV,

4447... Termination of Note Series issue and Early liquidation of the Fund
447.1. — Termination ola Note Series issue
An isue oa Notes Seris il bo terminated by the Management Company if

(a) — amy of the preliminar rings intialy assigned to the Rated Notes by the Relevant
Rating Agencies have not been confirmed (or ¡such ratings are wilhdawn) before
the disbursement o hc Notes om the Disbursement Date or

(0) am event occurs that could not be forescen o, even if orescen, s inevitable rendering
it impossible to perform the subscription or disbursement of the Notes of such Notes
Serie pursuant o article 1,105 o hc Civil Code (foree majcure) or

(e) the conditions precedent to the relevant Notes Subscription Agreement arc not met
before tho beginning o he Subscription Period; or

(é) the bookrumners andior underwrites appointed for the isue of the relevant Notes
Series notify the Fund and the Seller hc termination of the corresponding Notes
Subscription Agreement before th disbursement of he Notes on the Disbursement
Date upon the occurence ofany ofthe following events

6) am Imsolvency Event has occurred with respect to the Seller before the
disbursement o hc relevant Notes on the Disbursement Date; or

Gi) the General Reserve is not funded up to the General Reserve Required
Amount specified in th relevant Issuing Document, () with respeto the
fist Note Series issucd on the Fund Incorporaion Date, before the
disbursement of the Notes on the Disbursement Dat, (Gi) with respect to the
subsequent Note Seres issued by the Fund, on the Issue Date; or

(ii) the Commingling Reserve is not funded up to the Commingling Reserve:
Resuired Amount specificd in the relevant ssuing Document, () with respect
o the fist Note Series issued on the Fund Incorporation Date, before tho
disbursement of the Notes on the Disbursement Dat, Gi) with espect to the
subsequent Note Seres issued by the Fund, on the Issue Date; or

(Y) the Soller (as Expensos Subordinated Facility Provider) has not made
available to the Fund under the Expenses Subordinatod Facility an amount
equal to (6) with respect to the first Noto Series issued on the Fund
Incorporation date, the Initial Expenses and the Note Sorcs Issue Expenses
before thc disbursement a he Notes on the Disbursement Date and (i) with

s



respect to any other Note Seres, ihe Note Seris Issue Expenses on or prior
the relevant Isue Date of such Note Series; or

(0) the Notes of the corresponding Note Seris are not fully subscribe for by the
relevant subscrber(s) by the cxpiry of the Subscription Period; or

(vi) the Notes of the corresponding Not Series are not fully paid up by the
elevan subscrber() on th relevant Disbursement Date,

In such case, the Management Company will also terminate any contracis entered into by the
Fund in connection with such Notes Seris.

Th terminatio oS the issue oa Notes Series will e reported to the CNMV andíor any other
applicable body (eg. MARE, as soon as its confirmed and will e published using the same
procedure for the communication of the issue of the Note Seres set out in section 4 of ho
Additional Building Block

If ile issue ofa Notes Serios is terminated in th terms set ut in this section, the relevant
expenses will hc chargod to the Fund as Note Seris Issue Expenss

hs caly termination o hc issue o Note Seris (other than as described below with respect
o the isue of the Note Series ta be made on the Fund Incorporation Dat) shall not constitute
a Fund Liquidation Event nor imply the cxtinguishment of the Fund in any manner
vwbatsocver amd shall ot affect nor cause tho termination of any of the Note Seres previously
issued by the Fund,

1 the Note Seres to be issued on the Fund Incorporaion Date is caly terminated in
accordance with this section for any reason (other han the occurrence of the event forescen in
paragraph (dy) above), the Purchase Price of the initial portfolio of Eligible Receivables
shall be funded with a diwing under the Seller Imerst Credit Facility.

4472. Early liquidation of the Fund

1 the Note Seris to bo issucd on the Fund Incorporation Date is carlyterminated upon the
ccuntence of the cventforescen in paragraph (Ki) of section 4.4.7.1, the Fund will be
terminated by the Management Company.

In the event forescen in the preceding paragraph, the transfer oh Reccivables o the Fund
made under the Deed of Incorpratin, the issue of the Notes Sercs issued on th Fund
Incorporaion Date, as well as the est of agreements of the Fund vil e terminatod and the
Fund will be extinguished. The Seller shal pay all the Initial Expenses and the Note Seres
Issue Expenses incurod as a resul of the incorporation of the Fund and the issue of the Notes
Seres issued on the Fund Incorportion Dat

The carlytermination of the Fund as a conscquence of he above shall bo communicated to
he CNMV as soon as ts confirmed, Within one (1) month añcr the occurrence o he carly
termination event, the Management Company vil grat a public decd (acta) dclaring the

se


csriytermination and liquidatios of th abligations of he Fund and the cstinguishment of
Ae Fund,

Far these purposes, Note Series Issue Expenses or Note Series 20xxcyy Issue Expenses
mean any expensos incured in connection with the issue of he Notes of any Notes Series
(óncluding the exccution and filing of any Issuing Document and any fees and costs payable in
connection therewith ic, CNMV, IBERCLEAR, ALAF, Rating Agency fee, legal feos tc,
Dormicile and legal form o the issue, the legisltion applicable to the issuer.

45... Domicileofth ssuer

The Fund will be incorporated in Sai

pursuantto the provisions of Law 5/2015.

The registered address of the Fund for all administrative purposes will b considered to be
ha of the Management Company, which is acting for and on behalf oF the Fund, Therefore,
he registered address of the Fund will be:

Columbus Master Credit Cards, Fondo de Tinulización
Cale Principe de Vergara 131, plana 3"
28002, Madrid (Spain)

Telephone: +34 91 432 64 88

Additional contre details regarding the Management Company and the Fund are ax
the Management Company's website (www imvitulizacion.com)

452. Legal status oftho issuer

The Fund, in accordance with atclo 15 of Law 5/2015, will consútute an isolated pool oP
Asset with no legal personals, with opencend asscts and iabiiis in accordance with article
21 of Law S/2005 and it will be managed and represented by the Management Company,
vwbich is entruted with the incorporaion, management and represcntaion of the Fund under
he provisions of Law 5/2015.

The Management Company, as manager of third parties, will be responsible for acting with
stmost diligence and transparency in th defence of ho best interests of the holders of the
ones and the funders ho Fund.

"hs Fund will only be liable for its obligations vis--vis ts editors with ts asis The Fund

vil not be subject to ih Insolvency Law

Th Fund will have no independent and separate compartments securing any particular Note
Series.

s


453.  Legistation applicabl o the issur

The Fund will be constiuted and the Notes vil be issucd by the Fund in accordance with
Spanish law and, specially, with (1) Law 5/2015; () Legislativo Royal Deeree 4/2015,
where applicable; (di) Royal Decree 1310/2005; (iv) Order EMA/3S37/2005, of 10
November, on the development of article 274 of Law 241998, 028 July, on the Spanish
Securities Market Law (Orden EH1A/3537/2005, de JO de noviembre, por la quese desarolla
el artículo 274 de la Ley 24/1988, de 28 de juli, del Mercado de Valores (the Order
EHA/3537/2005);(x) Royal Decre 116/1992, of 14 Fcbruary, on th representation of book-
entry secuiics and the clcaring and setloment af stock market transations (Royal Deere
116/1992); (vi) Royal Decree 878/2015, of 2 October, on the clcaing, setulement and!
registration of negotable securiics represented by book entrics (Royal Decree 878/2015);
and (vi) any other legal and stattory provsions in force and applicable from time to time.

This Registration Document has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of
Regulation 809/2004 (as amended),

454. Tax Regime ol the issuer

The general taxtion ls described below are based on the current ogisation applicable at
he date of this Base Prospectus. Such description docs nat inte to b cxhaustiv, but simply
provides u general description of he tax treatment applicable to the Fund. Therefore the tax
regime described above cannot bo considerd as a replacement of the advice required by the
úanicula situation of the Fund and cach prospective investor.

The tax ras applicable to securiiation funds are currently contained in (1) Law 27/2014, oP
27 November, on Corporate Income Tax (Ley 27/2014, de 27 de noviembre. del Impuesto
sobre Sociedades) (the Law 27/2014), in particular, atclos 7.11), 13.1 and 16; (1)
Comporate Income Tax Regulations passed by Royal Dosree 634/2015, of 10 July
(Reglamento del Inpuesto sobre Sociedades, aprobado por el Real Decreto 634/2015, de 10
de julio) (CIT Regulations), in particular, artcios $, 9 and GLK); (ii) Revised Text of he
Transfer Tex and Stamp Duty Law, passed by Legislativo Royal Decreo 1/1993, on 24
September (Texto Refundido de la Ley del Impuesto sobre Transmisiones Patrimoniales y
Actos Jurídicos Documentados, aprobado por el Real Decreto Legislativo 1/1993, de 24 de
septiembre), in particular, article 451.15 and 451132043 (14) Law 37/1992, of 28
December, on Value Addod Tax (Ley 37/1992, de 28 de diciembre, del Impuesto sobre el
Valor Añadido), and, in paticula, article 20.Uno.18.); (+) General Regulations regarding
ax management and inspection courses o action and procedures and developing he common
rules of tax application procedures, passed by Royal Decrec 1065/2007, of 27 July
(Reglaneno General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección
Aributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes delos procedimientos de aplicación de los

aprobado por el Real Decreto 1065/2007, de 27 de julio) (General Tax
Regulations), and, in particular, articles 42, 43 and 44; and (vi) Law 10/2013, 0£26 June, on
regulation, supervision and solvency of credit institutions (Ley 10013, de 26 de junio, de
ordenación. mperssión y solvencia de entidades de crédito) Law 10/2013), and in
anicula, the Fist Addisional Provision of sad Law.

Aributos,

“o


46.

Sd.

In summary, these legal provisions dei he following fundamental principles:
(a) — The Fundis cxempt from Capital Duty (Impuesto sobre Operaciones Societaria.

(6) According to article 7.1) of Law 27/2013, the Fund is a taxpayer of the Corporate
Income Tax, The Fund will be subject to the general provision oPsaid Law 27/2014
o determine the taxable base, as well as to the applicable standard rate (25%
although th following exemptions or peciatics shall spy:

(<) The Fund will not be subject 10 the general interest deductibilic limittion rus
which limit th tx deductibility of financial expenses.

(é) — Empairments on he Rescivables to be carried cut by the Fund in accordance with rule
13 of the Circular 22016, will be deductble for tax purposes provided that the
conditions set out in article 9 of the CIT Regulations are met.

(e) — The transfer of he Reccivables to the Fund under tho Purchase Agrsement will be
subject to but cxempt from Spanish Value Added Tax (VAT).
Reccivables will not be subject o Transfer Tax and to Stamp Duty.

transfer of

(0) Returns from the Roccivabls hat constitute income ofth Fund will not be subject to
violin ts.
(2) — The issuance, subscription, transfer, redemption and repayment of he Notes will

thor be “not subject
Tax/Stamp Duty.

or "exempt from", as the case may be, VAT and Transfer

(6) The Fund will be subject to VAT in accordance with the general VAT rulos
However, the management services rendered to the Fund by the Management
Company will e exemptftom VAT

6) The Management Company, in the name and on behalf of the Fund, must comply
with reporting obligations, amongst others, with those set out in the Fist Additional
Provision of Law 102014. The procedure for complying with said reporting
bligations is developed by articles 42, 43 and 44 of ho General Tax Regulations.

of he issuer's authorised and issued capital and the amount of any capital
agrecd to be issued, the number and classes o he securitis it comprises

Nos applicable.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Brief description of the isuer's main activities

hs Fund will be setup asa securitisation fund (ondo de titulización), pursuing the principal
actviis summarizod below and explsined in detail throughout this Base Prospecto.

a


Th purpose ofthe Fund ist:

(a) acquireEligble Reccivabls from th Seller and

(6) finance in fall hc acquisison of such Eliible Reccivables through the isue of ho
Note Series, the drawings under the Seller Interest Credit Facility, the Defered
Purchase Price and/or by alocating principal collections o Purchased Reccivable,

Th procecds from principal and interest ordinary and accrucd) of th Purchased Reccivables
received by the Fund will be allocated at the frequency set out in cach Notes Series on cach
Monthly Payment Date, to the payment of any amount that ho Fund is obliged o pas
accordance with lhe relevant Priority of Payments established in section 3.472 of the
Additional Building Block

This Base Prospcctus refers to the issue programme (he Programme) of Notes that are
issued by the Fund backed by Reccivabls.

The Programme will bo used to arrage succossio issues of Notes, arranged in Note.
Series up to the Maximum Outstanding Balance of the Programme from time to time (as
defined in section 5.11 below)

The Notes Series may be issued during the Programme Revolving Period, provided hat ho
conditions established for the issue of Notes Series st ut in section 4.13 of the Securities
Nox are met

In addition, the Fund, represented by the Management Company, will arrange for the
provision of services in orde to consolide the financial structure of he Fund, t increase the
security and regularity o the payment of the Notes, and, in general, to cable the Financial
transformation wbich takes place in the Fund betwcen ho financial characteristics of ho
Rescivables and ho financial characteristics oftho Notes.

5.1.1. Maximum Outstanding Balance of he Programme

The maximum agregate nominal amount o all Note Sercs from timo 10 timo outstanding
under the Programme will not cxceed EUR 2.000,000.000 (the Maximum Outstanding
Balance of the Programme).

Any increase of the Maximum Outstanding Balance of ho Programme by the Management
Company and the Seller may require the comesponding amendment to the Deed of
Incorporatin of the Fund with he prior consent of all the Noteholders and the other creditos
of the Fund (excluding non-financial reditrs) and a Prospectus Supplement to the Base
Prospectas (unless such increase is mado simultancously with an annual rencwal of he Base.
Prospectus), In any case, any increase of the Maximum Outstanding Balance of the
Programme should not result in the downgrade of any outstanding Notes by the Relevant
Rating Agencies.

e


54.2. Issues ol Notes Series

The Management Company may arrango for Notes Seics bcing issucd by the Fund provided
that he Maximum Outstanding Balance of the Programm is not cxcesded,

The Fund shall bo entiled to issue Note Series (1) on the Fund Incorporation Date and
AhercaÑter (ion cach Isuc Date until hc cnd of the Programme Revolving Period. The Fund
shall mot issue any Note Serics during the Programme Amortisation Period and tho
Programme Accclerated Amortistion Period,

The issue of any Note Serics (1) on the Fund Incorporation Date shall be subject to Abe
satisfaction af the Inil Not Serics Issuance Conditions Precedent as described in section
4.132 of he Securities Note and (i) on any Issue Date ar the Fund Incorporation Date
shall e subject to the satisfaction of the Further Note Serios ssuance Conditions Precedent as
described in soction4.13.3 of Securities Noe,

Subscription or holding of Notes of one Notes Seres docs not imply subscription or holding
Noles ol other Notes Series In any case, investors who purchase Notes oP a given Notes
Series vil not have a right to object to the issue of Notes of additional Notes Seres, and!
Ahcrefore the consent of the Nateholders of the Notes already issued il not be required.

5.3. Funding Strategy of the Fund

The funding stategy ol the Fund is o issu the Note Seris, the nt procceds of such Notes,
together with the drawings under the Seller Interest Credit Facility, the Defered Purchase
Price and alloction of principal collections of Purchased Reccivables, will be applied to (1)
purchase from the Seller during the Programme Revolving Period, the Programme
“Amorisaion Period and, if'any, th Programme Accclrated Amortsation Period, potfolios
df Eligible Reccivables(as described in section 3.3 of the Addisional Building Block) andar
(úl) o redecm existing Note Series andlor (ii) to repay the Seller Interest Credit Facility
andar tho Aggregato Deferred Purchase Price

5.14. Hedging Strategy of the Fund

If the Notes of any Note Serics are Floating Rate Notes and unless such Floating Rate Notes
have a Maximum Interest Rate, the Fund will entr into one o several Hedging Agreements
vvith one or several Eliible Hedging Coumterparyúcs) in order to hedge its exposure with
respect to any Floating Rate Notes of any Note Series against the fixed intros rate of ho

ing strategy ofth Fund are included in

section 34 ofthe Additional Building Block.
515. Crosecollateralisation

Each Note Series will bo collteraliscd by the whole portfolio of outstanding. Purchased
Reccivables (the Securitised Portfolio) which have ben purchased by the Fund on cach
Purchase Date pursuant to the terms of he Master Roccivables Sao and Purchase Agrecment

6


sa.

Each Note of each Note Seres will have recourse and reccivo payments from the Purchased!
Reccivables as a whole (subjct to th then applicable Priority of Payments) irespective of
hc respectivo Issue Dates, Scheduled Amortisation Starting Dates and Notes Final Ley
Maturity Dates o hc relevant Note Serios

No compartment will e created in ho Fund to back any specific Note Series.
“General description of he parties to the securtisation programme

+ INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN, SOCIEDAD GESTORA DE FONDOS DE
TITULIZACIÓN, SA. is the Management Company (sociedad gestor) tt vil
incorpore, manage and legally represent th Fund, The Management Company has
also paicipated in the design of the Financial cms of the Fund and th Nots. ln
adi, parsuant to amic 26. b) af Low 52015, e Management Company shall
act a master service of hc Puchased Recsivabls (in such condition, the Master
Servir) n accordance with section 37.2 th Additional Building Block

INTERMONEY ús a Spanish public limited company (sociedad anónima), duly
auihorized to manage securitistion funds, with registered address at Calle Principe
de Vergara 131, planta 3, 28002, Madrid (Spain) and with Spanish Tax Identification
Number (MF) A-43774885.

It is registered in the Commercial Registry of Madrid under tomo 19.277, libro 0,
folio 127, sección 8, hoja M-337107, inscripción Y. lis also registered under
number 10 with the Spocial Register of Securtisaon Fund Management Companies
(Registro Especial de Sociedades Gestoras de Fondos de Tiulización) kept by the
CNMV,

A brief description of the Management Company ¡s included in section 6 of the
Registration Document and in 37.1 a he Adliional Building Block

The Management Company holás no credit ratings from any rating agency.

+ SERVICIOS FINANCIEROS CARREFOUR, E.E.C, S.A. (SFC) intervenes as Seller
of the Reccivables to be grouped as assts of the Fund. SFC also acts as Servicer,
Expenses Subordinated Faciliy Provider, Commingling Reserve Subordinated
Faciliy Provider, General Reserve Subordinatod Facility Provider and Seller Interest
Facility Provide

SEC is a credit financial esablshmenhybrid payment entity (establecimiento
financiero de cródito-entidad de pago híbrida) incorporated as a Spanish public
limited company (sociedad anónima), wit registered address a Juan Esplandia, 13,
10 planto, 28007 Madrid (Spain), with Spanish Tax Identification Number (NIF) A-|
19456232 and registered with the Commercial Registry of Madrid under tomo 275,
folio 165, hoja M-SSSS, inscripción 1*. SEC is subis to supervision of the Bank of
Spain and registered with the special Registry for Credit Financial Entiics (Registro



de Envidades Financieras de Crédico) under mumber 8795. SEC holds no credit
ratings from any rating agency.

BANCO SANTANDER, SA. (Banco Santander, the ssuer Accounts Bank or thc
Paying Agent) intervenes as Issucr Accounts Bank and Paying Agent. Banco.
Santander also intervenes as Arranger, Global Coordinato, Joint Lead Manager and
Biling and Delivery Agent (the Bling and Delivery Agent) n connection with the
first Note Seris issued by the Fund.

Banco Santander, in its condition as (1) Artanger has structured and arrangod tho
Programme on behalf of lhe Seller, (ii) Global Coordinator has designed and
siructured the Note Serios 2017-01, (ii) Joint Lead Manager is responsible or the
placement of the Note Seris 2017-01 with invesors and (3) Bling and Delivery
“Agent is responsible for the delivery of the Note Seres 2017-01 4o the relevant Notes
Purehascrs

Banco Santander is a Spanish credit entity with registered address at Pasco de Pereda
9-12, 39004 Santander (Spain), and whose operating headguartrs are in Ciudad
Grupo Santander, Avenida de Camabria sin número, 28660 Boadilla del Monte,
Madrid (Spain), with Spanish Tax Identification Number (N/F) A-39000013 and
CNAE 651

The ratings of the unsubordinated and unsccured shortand long-term debt of the
Issuer Accounts Bank which is assigned by DBRS Ratings Limited (DBRS), Fitch
Ratings España, S.A.U. (Fiel), Moody's Investors Service España, SA. (Moody's)
and Standard e Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited (S££P) are as follows:

NATIXIS (Natisis) intervenes as Arranger, Global Coordinator and Joint Lead
Manager in connection with th first Note Seris issued by tho Fund.

Nati, i its condition as () Arranger has sructured and arranged the Programme on
behalf o the Seller (ió) Global Coordinator has designed and strctured the Note
es


Series 2017-01 and (si) Joint Lead Manager is responsible for the placement of he
Nox Series 2017-01 with investors.

Nati sa société anonyme incorporated under the laws of France, whose registered
office is at 30 avenue Piero Mendés-France, 75013 Paris, France, registered with the
Trade and Companics Register of Paris under number 542 044 524, licensed in
France as a credit institution (établissement de crédi) by the Autorté de Controle
Prudentiel et de Résolution

The ratings of th unsubordinated and unsccured short-nd longetcrm deb of Ni
wbich ds assigned by Fitch Ratings, Moody's Investors Service and SEP are as
follows:

Fich December 14, | A er Suble
2016

Moodys | October 31,|A2 Pa Suble
2016

Standard — 8 | September 23, | A Al Suble

Poor's 2016

DAS Ratings Limited intervenes as Rating Agency.

DAS isa credit rating agency with registered addres at 20 Fenchurch Stret 31st
Floor, London, EC3M 3BY, United Kingdom

DIS was registered and sushorised by the ESMA on 16 September 2009 asa credit
rating agency in the European Union pursuant to the terms of European Community
Regulation no.1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16
September 2009, regarding Credit Ratings Agencies.

Fitch Ratings España, S.A.U.intervenes as Rating Agency,

Flch isa credit rating agency with a registered address at Avenida Diagonal, 601,
, 08028 Barcclona, Spain.

Planta
Fitch was registered and auhorised by tho ESMA on 16 September 2009 as a credit
rating agency in the European Union pursuant to the terms of European Community
Regulation no.1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16
September 2009, regarding Credit Ratings Agencies.

Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. intervene as Rating Agency.

6


Moody's is a credit rating agency with a registered address at Calle Principe de
Vergara, 131, Plant 6, 28002 Madrid, Spain.

Moody's was registered and auhorised by the ESMA on 16 September 2009 as a
credit rating agency in the European Union pursuant to th terms af European.
Community Regulation no.1060/2009 of he Europcan Parliament and o the Council
of 16 September 2009, regarding Credit Ratings Agencies

Standard de Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited intervenes as Rating
Agency.

SK is credit rating agency with a registered ddres at 20 Canada Square, London
ELA SLH, United Kingdom.

SP was registered and authorised by the ESMA on 16 September 2009 as a credit
rating agency in the European Union pursuant to the terms of European Community
Regulation no.1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16
September 2009, regarding Credit Ratings Agencies.

CLIFFORD CHANCE, SLP. (ClifTord Chance) intervens as legal counsel to the
Seller and has reviewed the tax rules applicable to the Fund as set out in section 45.4
af he Registration Document

Clifird Chance isa Spanish limited liabilty company tht provides legal advics wit
registered ofice at Pasco de la Castellana, 110, Madrid (Spain), with Spanish Tax:
Identification Number (MIE) B-$0603319 and registered with the Commercial
Registry of Madrid volume 19,751, book 0, section , sheet M-347,629, page 9.

ALLEN £ OVERY (Allen 8 Overy) intervenes as legal counsel to the Arrangers
and the Joint Lead Managers and bas draicd the Base Prospectas and reviewed the
structure of the transaction fr the benefit of the Arrangers and th Joint Lead
Managers and it has reviewed the tax rules applicable to the Fund as set out in section
4.5: of the Registration Document

Allen e Overy has is regstere offce in Madrid at Calle Pdo de Valdivia, 10, with
Spanish Tax Identificacion Number (NIF) N-0067503-C.

MAZARS intervenos as Auditor for he verificaion of a series of atributos of a
selection of reccivables to be owned by thc Seller and from which the Reccivables
vil be extractod. Mazars is also acting as Auditor of th Fund,

Masas is an audit firm with registered ofice in Bareclona, at Calle Diputació, 260,
holder of Spanish Tax Identification Number (NIF) B-61622262, and registered with
the Official Registry of Certified Public Accountants (Registro Oficial de Auditores
de Cuentas: R:0.A.C.) under number S1189.

sr


53.

+ The global coordinaors, Icad managers, bookrunners, undenuritrs or Bling and
delivery agent of cach Notes Series and thcir corporate details shall be specific in
the applicable Isuing Document prepared in relation to such Notes Series

+ The Medging Cowntempany(ics) under the corresponding. Hedging Agreement
entered into by the Fund in respec of any Note Seris and their corporate details shall
be specific in he applicable Issuing Document prepared in relation to such Notes
Series.

The Management Company is not avare of any direct or indirect ownership or control
relationship existing between the legal persons that are involved in the securiisaion

No guarantees by the issucr securing notes issued by third parties or any third party
lil

In accordance with article 18: of Law 5/2015, the Fund shall not grant any guaranteos
(whether personal or not) securing the notos issued by third parti nor in respect Fany third

paca abit.
ADMINISTRATION, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES

Management, administration and representaton o th ssuer

As provided by Law 52015, the Fund wil be legally represented and managed by is

Managemcnt Company, INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN, SOCIEDAD GESTORA DE
FONDOS DE TITULIZACIÓN, SA.

The registered name of the Management Company is Intermoney
¡Gestora de Fondos de Titulización, S.A. with Spanish Tax Idemifi
83773885.

'tulización, Sociedad
sion Number (NIF) A-

The Management Company is a Spanish public limited company (sociedad anónima),
incorporated on 16 October 2003 by means of ho public decd granted before th notary of
Madrid Mr Antonio Huerta Tróle, under number 2572 of his public records, with the prior
auhorizaion o lhe Ministry of Economy and Finance (Ministerio de Economía y Hacienda)
granted on 6 October 2003 and, with reistred address at Calle Principe de Vergara 131,
planta 3, 28002, Madrid (Spain), and repsterod with tho Commercial Registry of Madrid
under tomo 19277, lbro 0, folio 127, sección 8, hoja M-33T707, inscripción 1%, and al
registered under mumber 10 with the Special Register of Securitisaion Fund Mas
Companies (Registo Especial de Sociedades Gestoras de Fondos de Titulización) kep by the
CNMV,

:ement Company has been incorporated for an indefinite period of time, unless any
af be events stpulated by law or ts by-lves or its winding-wp occurs.



62

63.

6.

65.

Audit of the financial statements of the Management Company.

The Management Company has audited Financial statements for 2013, 2014 and 2015, which
have been filed with ho CNMV and th Commercial Registry. The audit repors on the
annual financial statements for 2013, 2014 and 2015 contained no qualifcaions. The
Financial statements of the Management Company are auditod by PricewaterhouseCoopers
Auditores, SL, registered in the ROAC Register (Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas)
with mumber S0242, with registered office at Torre PWC, Pasco de la Castellana 259 B,
Madrid, and with Spanish Tax Identification Number (N4F) B-79031290 and registered with
he Commercial Regist at folio 7, tomo 9.267, libro 8.0, sección 3, hoja $7250-1

Principal activities

The corporate purpose af the Management Company according to anicle 2 of ls Bylaws is
he incoporation, management and legal representation fi) secuiistion funds (fondos de
sirlización);() assts securtiation funds (fondos de titulización de activos (Gi) mortgage
securitisation funds (fondos de riulización hipotecaria) and (iv) bank assts funds fondos de
activos bancarios),

Funticrmore, and in accordance with nice 26 of Law 5/2015, t will be responsible for the
representtion and defence ot interests of the holders of the securitisissucd by the finds
it manages and of all the other ordinarycreditors of such funds.

The Management Company vil be responsible for administration and legal reprsentaion
of the Fund, in accordance with the provision of Law S/2015 and the rest of the applicable
legal regulations, a well as, the provisions of the Decd of Incorporan.

The Management Company will perform for the Fund those duties atrbuted to tin Law
35/2015. The Management Company is also responsibl for acting with utmost diligence and
transpareney in defence ot best interest of the holders of dh notes issucd by the Fund and
he funders OS the Fund. Consequenily, the Management Company must subordinate its
actions to safeguarding the interests of such persons, abiding by the applicable provsions in
this regard prevaling from time to time. The holders of the Nots issucd by the Fund and
remaining credits of the Fund will have no recourso against the Management Company,
¿her than for non-performance of its dutcs or non-<ompliance with the provisions of he
Deed of Incorporatin, this Base Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement and the applicable
laws and regulations.

(On 28 February 2017, ho Management Company had a total 0 9S funds under management,
he detals of which are given in section 69 of his Registration Document

Existence or noncexistence of holding in other companies by the Management Company
The Management Company docs not hold equis interests in any company.
Entitics from which the Management Company has borrowed more than 10%

The Management Company has not been granted any financing from any person or ei

6


66.

67.

Litigation of he Management Company

At he date o registration ofthis Base Prospects, the Management Company is no involved
in any situntion of insolveney and there is no significant Itigtion or dispute that may affect
lts financialcconomiic situation or hereafer alfct ls ability to cary «ut the duties of
management and administration of the Fund, as established in this Base Prospecta,

Administration, management and supervisory bodies of the Management Company.

The Management Company is an entity registered with and supervised by CNMV. The
govemance and management o ho Management Company are entrusted by the Bylaws o he
hareholders acting a a General Sharcholders* Mecting and to the Board of Directors. Their
powers of such bodies are those corresponding thereto under the provisions of the Royal
Desres Law 1/2010,of2 July, approving the consolidted text of the Capital Companies Law
(Real Decreto Legislativo I/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la
Ley de Sociedades de Capiral) (tre Capital Companies Law) and Law 5/2015, as regards tho
corporate purpose

The members of the Board of Directors of Ihe Management Company, as at the date of

registration of the Base Prospects, areas follows:

José Amonio Tilo dl Vale Cimananacto
¡A peces
tigo Térado ole peces
Jet ue tur peces

Ms Miriam Blanco Caso is h Secretary (non-Director) of the Bard of Directors

All diectors have thcir professional address in Madrid, at cal Principe de Vergara 131,
planta 3

»


68. — Principal activities performed by the individuals referred to in section 6.7 por encima

69.

de, performed outside the Management Company where these are significant with
respect o the issuer

To this cilet, e following individuals carey out th following positions outside the
Management Company:

Iñigo Trincado Boville Chief Exccutive Officer of Corveaje e Información

Monetaria y de Divisas, $.

Rafael Bunzl Csonka Managing Director of Corretaje € Información
Monetaria y de Divisas, SA

Board Member and CEO of Intermoney Valores,
Sv,SA.

Chairman of the Board of Directos of Wind to
Javier de la Pare Rodriguez Markos, S.A
Board Member at /ntermoney Energía, Sa.

Board Member at /ntermoney Valora Consulting
Sa

Beatriz Senís Gilmartin Head of Control Department at Corretaje e
Información Monetaria y de Divisas, A

The Management Company is subject to supervision by the CNMV, pursuant to tho
provisions of the Law S/2015.

Funds Managed.

On 28 February 2017, the Management Company had the following 95 sccuritisation funds
under management

n




6.10. Share Capital and Equity

The share capital of the Management Company at the timo of registering this Base Prospects
is EUR 1,705,000, fully ubseribed and paid up.

Allah shares issued by the Management Company until he date of registration of his Base
Prospectus (100.000 shares with a nominal value of EUR 17.5 cach one) are ondinary shares
“and offer ideal voting, finan
o seme class and series

and non-financial rights. AU th shares are nominativo, of

The share capital the Management Company, as at 31 December 2015, 31 December 2013,
31 December 2015 extracted fom its sudited financial statements and as at 31 December
2016 extracted from its unaudited financial statements is th following:

(Other Oven Funds Tiems — 1,666 o o o
Legal Reserve. 200 200 200 200
Voluntary Reserve 144 127 Au LUZ

Reserve adapted to NPGC
(New General Plan for

Accounting, in the Spanish o o o
origina

Undistributed Resulis — [81 1030 5% En]
TOTAL. 5.095 264 24 2676

61. Principal transactions with related parties and conflics of interest
There are no dealings with related pares or conflicts of interest

MAIN SHAREHOLDERS OF THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY

The Management Company forms par of the grosp of companics Cortas e Información
Monetaria yde Divisas, SA.

The capital distribution ofth Management Company sas follows:

¡Corretaje e Información Monctara yde Divisas, SA 70% 70,000

[Directors and Employees of the Company 30% 30.000

Ts total amount of shares held by the members of the Board represents 15% ofthe a
the Management Company.

Lor

In order to comply vit rules of conduct ofthe socuitics market and in order to contribute
to the transparency and cficint operation of the marks, Corrtaj e Información Monetaria

»


$2 bis

sa

sa.

9

92

10.

y de Divisas, 4, lus developed an Intel Code of Conduct that afec th companies
wins group (including he Management Company, us complying with he requiremcnt
st out in ace 291) of Law 5/2015), This Intemal Code of Conduct vas filed vid he
CNMV on February 2 2006 and updated in May 2010.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL SITUATION, AND PROFITS AND LOSSES.

Declaration on commencement of operations and financial statements of the ssuer prior
o the date ofthe Registration Document

The Management Company declares that on tho date of veriiation of this Registration
Document, the Fund was not yet incorporated and, therefore had not commenced operations,
or had any financial stutemens hcen made regarding such operations.

Historical financial information.
Nos applicable.

Historical financial information on security issues with an individual denomination of
EUR 100,000 or more

Nos applicable.
Legal and arbitration proceedings
Nos applicable.

Mate

“adverse change in th Fund's Financial situation
Nos applicable.

THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENTS BY EXPERTS AND
DECLARATIONS OF ANY INTEREST

Statements or reports atributed toa persons an expert
No such statements or reports included.

Information from third partcs

No information fon third paros 5 dcludod
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY

The following documents (or thir copiss) can be reviewed and consulid, during the period
of validity ofihis Registration Document

2


(a) — The current byzlaws, the decd of incorporation, the annual financial statements and
he audit report of hc Management Company.

(6) TheDestofIncorporaion
(6) This Base Propecas.

(8) Any Prospecta Supplement

(6) Any lsuing Document, in repectof cach Notes Seres

(0 Cenifiates of he corponste resolusions of he Sellr and the Management Company
in connection with this transaction

(E). The iniial and periodic Auditor's reporis on the atributes af lhe Audited Portfolio
from which th Rescivables pooled in ho Fund will be draw.

(6) Ammwal amd quanerly information required under arile 35 of Law 5/2015.

6) Preliminary rating letics and definitivc/inal rating lotes granted to cach of the
Notes oPcach Notes Serie by th Relevant Rating Agencies,

6 A copy of cach Programme Document (other than the Notes Subscription
Agrcements.

These documents will be available at the registered office of the Management Company,
Calle Principe de Vergara, 131, plant 3, 28002, Madrid (Spain)

A copy of the documents mentioned under paragraph (5), (5, (9), (0) fín this ca,
exclusively th relevant Final Terms, or the Temns and Condos or Denis f su wit
esposo Notes issued in bookety for), (D, (8) ad (4) wil be available he CNMV.

This Base Prospectas, any Prospectus Supplement and any Final Terms of each Notes Series
will be avalable on the website of he CNMV (wwsecnmv.es). Adóitionally, where the
relevant Notes Seris are listed in AJAF, MARF or any che regulated or unregulated market,
his Base Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement and any Final Terms or Terms and
Conditions will be available in the websites of ho relevant market provided that it exists

Additionaly, the annual and quarterly information required under article 35 of Law $/2015
vil be available om the website of the CNMV (onwsccamv.co).

The Deed of Incorporation and the Issuing Document of cach listed Notes Seres reposemted
in bookc<nris vil be avilabl o the public for physical examination at IBERCLEAR.

In addition, this Base Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement and any Isuing Document in
espect to cach Notes Series, the Decd of Incorporation and any other public decds granted
subscquently and the annual and quartrly report refered in anticlo 34 of Law 5/2015 may be
onsulied on the wcbsite ofhe Management Company (www imtitulizcion.com),

25


Le

12

3d.

SECURITIES NOTE

(ANNEX XIII TO REGULATION 809/2004)
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE
"Persons responsible for he information contained in Ue Securities Note
Mr José Antonio Tello del Valls, ín (he name and on behalí of INTERMONEY
TITULIZACIÓN, SGFT, SA, Management Company of COLUMBUS MASTER

CREDIT CARDS, FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN, asumes th reponsbiliy for he conto
fthis Secuis Noe, including is Additional Building Block

Me José Antonio Tr) acity of Chairman of the Board of Directors
fe Management Company and exercises the powers hat were expressly confered to him

del Valle acts in hise

for th incorporation of the Fund by the Board of Directors of the Manegement Company at
lts mecting held on the 24th of January 2017.

Declarations by the persons responsible for the information contained in the Securities
Note

Mr José Antonio Trujillo del Valle, on behalf o the Management Company, decares that,
having taken

this Securities Note and is Additional Building Block is, to the best of his knowledge, in
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to afec is import

reasonable careto ensure that such s hc cae, he information contined in

RISK FACTORS

The risk factors with respets to the Notes are detailed under section 2 of hc Risk Factors
section, and th risk factors associated with the asscts backing the Notes are detailed under
section 2 (RISKS DERIVED FROM THE NOTES) of the RISK FACTORS section.

KEY INFORMATION
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the issue
The persons taking part in ih Programme ar as listcd below:

+ INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN, SOCIEDAD GESTORA DE FONDOS DE
TITULIZACIÓN, SA. is the Management Company (sociedad gestor) tt vil
incorpora, manage and legally represen he Fund. The Mansgemen Company has
also arciatd in th design of he financial trms o dh Fund and he Note. ln
addon, pusunt to ace 26. 1) o Law 52015, e Management Company shall
actas Mast
fthe Adétonal Building Block

Servicer of the Purehased Reccivables in accordance with section 3.72

1


SERVICIOS FINANCIEROS CARREFOUR, EEC, S.A. interenes as Seller of he
Reccivables to be groupod as asses of the Fund. SERVICIOS FINANCIEROS
CARREFOUR, ERC, SA. also acts as Servicr, Expenses Subordinated Facility
Provider, Commingling Reserve Subordinatod Facility Provider, General Reserve
Subordinated Facility Provider and Seller Interest Crit Facility Provider.

BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. intervenes as Paying Agent and Issucr Accounts Bank.
BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. ís also ono of the Arrangers as er article 35.1 of the
Royal Dectes 1310/2005, Global Coordinator, Joint Lead Manager and Biling and
Delivery Agent in connection with the fist Note Seres issued by the Fund.

BANCO SANTANDER S.A, in is conditicn as () Arrangr has structured and
arranged th Programme on behalf of he Seller, (Gi) Global Coordinator has designed!
and siructued the Note Series 2017-01, (ii) Joint Lead Manager is responsible for
he placement of the Note Series 2017-01 wilh investors and (iv) as Biling and!
Delivery Agent is responsible for the delivery of the Note Series 2017-01 10 the

relevant Notes Purchasers.

NATIXIS is one ofhe Arrangers as por article 35.1 0 he Royal Decree 1310/2005,
Global Coordinator and Joint Lead Manager in connection with the fist Note Serios
issued by the Fund,

Natixi, it condition as ($) Arranger has sructured and arranged the Programme on
behalf o the Seller (ii) Global Coordinator has designed and strctured the Note
Series 2017-01 and (si) Joint Lead Manager is rsponsible for the placement of he
Nox Series 2017-01 with investors.

DAS Ratings Limited intervenes as Rating Agency.
Fitch Ratings España, S.A.U.intervenes as Rating Agency,
Moody's Investors Service España, S.A, intervene as Rating Agency.

Standard de Poor's Credit Market Services Europe Limited intervenes as Rating
Agency.

CLIFFORD CHANCE,
reviewed the tax rules applicable to the Fund as set out in section 454 of the
Registration Document

L.P. intervenes as legal counsel of the Seller and has

ALLEN £ OVERY intervenes as legal counscl to the Arrangers and the Joint Lead!
Managers and has drañicd the Base Prospectus and reviewed the structure of the
transaction for th benefit of the Arrangers and the Joint Lead Managers and it has
reviewed the tax rules applicable to the Fund as set out in section 4.54 of the
Registration Document

”n


32

ade

+ MAZARS imtevenes as auditor fr the verifiation of a seris of atributos of ho
Audit Portfolio. MAZARS is also acting as auditor of the Fund,

+ The global coordinators,Icad managers, bookrunners, undenuritrs or Billing and
delivery agent of cach Notes Series and thcir comporate details shall be specific in

the applicable Isuing Document prepared in relation to such Notes Series

+ The Hedging Counteray(ics) under the corresponding He

ing. Agreements

entered into by the Fund in respec of any Note Seris and their corporate details shall
be specific in he applicable Issuing Document prepared in relation to such Notes
Series.

13 conflcting interests, that is important for the
issue, detailing persons involved and the nature o thcr interests

The Management Company is not aware af any relationship or economic interests between
he experts ho have taken par in designing or advising on he incorporation of he Fund, as
well hr intervening parties, including the Management Company and the Seller

INFORMATION CONCERNING THE NOTES TO BE OFFERED AND ADMITTED
O TRADING

Total amount of the securities admitted to trading
The Programme will o used to arrango successive issues of Note, aranged in Notes Serios,

cach with a face valuc of EUR one hundred thousand (€100,000), distributed in two (2) or
bre (3) classes of Notes as described in section 4.2.1 ofuhisSocuritios Note.

The maximum sggrogate outstanding balance ofall Note Seics from timo to time outstanding
“under the Programme will not excccd the Maximum Oststanding Balance of Programm.

Any increase of the Maximum Outstanding Balance of the Programme will ncsd to be made
in accordance th provision set ost in section 5.1 af ho Registration Document.

hc final maturty dates o cach Notes Seris (the Notes Final Legal Maturity Date) wil be
“stated in the comresponding Issuing Document

Calculated from thcirDisbursement Date, the maximum maturity o he Notes will under no
«ircumstances excced the Fund Legal Maturity Dat.

In respect oPcach Notes Serie, a original ofcach Issuing Document (other than hc Decd of
Issue with respecto unlisted Notes) will o filed with the CNMV.

A form of Final Terms is attached hereto as Schedule 2 to this Base Prospectus. The
Management Company shall ensure that any Isuing Document includes the information set
¿ut in the form of Final Terms atachod as Schedule 2 1o this Base Prospectus

”


42

The isues af he Notes Seres aranged under th Programm will be subject to he provisions
of this Base Prospectus (and, 3 applicable, any Prospectus Supplements thereto) and the
specific terms of that Notes Series stipulated in he ssuing Document of hat Notes Series, as
well asin he Dec of Incorporatio.

The Programme will be in force for an iiil period of twelve (12) months from the date of
registration of his Base Prospectus (subjeet to the publication of ho relevant Prospectas
Supplements to this Base Prospectus) and will he renewed cach ycar during th life of the
Fund.

Description of the type and clas o the Notes

42.1. Typeand class of the Notes

The Notes are assctbacked nots that represen a debt of the Fund, accruc interest and are
redecmable on cach Payment Date during thcir applicable Note Series Amortisaion Period
The Notes legally qualify as markctble fixed income securitic with am explicit yild and are
subject o he provisions o hc Legislativo Royal Decree 4/2015, dated 23 October, approving
the consolidated tex o he Securities Market Law (Real Decreto Legislativo 42015, de 23 de
octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (he
Legisative Royal Decree 4/2015) and its development regulations and are issued pursuant to
Lan 52015.

Nokos issued by the Fund under the Programme are issued in Notes Seris. A Note Serios
shall e compried by the following clases af Notes (cacha Class)

(a) Class A notes (he Class A Notes) and!
(6) Class Cotes (the Class C Notes)
Additionally, a Note Series may alo include Class notes (the Class B Notes).

Upon issue, no Noto Series shall o composed by a single Class of Notes or a combination of
(6) Class Notes and Class C Notes o i) Class A Notes and Class B3 Notes, exclusively

All Notes oa particular Class of Notes of Notes Serios shall have the same interest rate,
Schcduled Amonisation Starting Date and Notes Final Logal Maturity Date. Interest
calculation may difTr between Classes of Notes.

However, Class of Notes oa specific Note Series will no necessarily be subject o ide
ms in all respcts as those of the same Class of Notes of diferent Note Seis.

Please see section 7.5 of ho Securitics Note with respect to th ratings of the Notes of each
Nous Series.

”


422. Currency
The Notes of any Note Serios will be always denominated in EUR.
423. Interest fixed/Moating)

Each Class of Notes of any Note Serios may bear a fixed interes rate ora Moating interes (as
specified in the relevant ssuing Documens.

In the case of each Class of Notes of any Note Series bearing a Moating interest rate as
specified in the relevant Issuing Document fr tha particular Note Series, and unless such
osting rate notes have a Maximum Interest Rate (as defined in section 48.3 below), a
separate hedging transaction will be entered nto by the Fund to convert the fixed amount
received by the Fund as applicable Moating amounis for payments in respect of that Note
Senos.

424. Issue ol Note Series
So longas:

(a) the Initial Note Series Isuance Conditions Precedent set out in section 4.132 of ho
Securities Note have been satisic, the Fund may issu, upon decision of he Seller,
ne or several Note Seres on the Fund Incorporation Date; and

(6) the Further Note Series Issuance Conditions Precedent et out in section 4.133 of he
Securities Note have been satisic, the Fund may issu, upon decision of the Seller,
additional Noto Series on cach Issue Date until th end of he Programme Revolving
Period. The Fund is not required to permit any prior review by or to obtain the
consent of any Notcholder of any outstanding Noto Series to issue any additional
Nox Series.

425. Issuing Document
Each Note Serios will o the subt o he coresponding Isuing Document. The terms and!

conditions applicable to any particular Nate Series shall b described in the comesponding
Issuing Document

The Notes of any Note Seris vil be issued in book-entry form or registered tiles án ho
denomination of EUR 100,000 cach.

The Nos of cach Notes Serics may be unlisted or listed on AJAF, MARE or any her
regulated or untegulsted market Consequently.

(2) within a Note Series its posible that certain Classes of Notes are listd in th above
mentioned markcts whit oler are not

so


(6) within the same Class of Notes (across diferent Note Sercs) it s possible to have
Naxos which may be unlistd o listed in the above mentioned market; and.

(e) — Notes ofa given Clas wilhin a Notes Series must be cther listed or united (but not
both simultancously).

Where applicable, the Management Company, acting for and on behalf of the Fund, will
request the inclusion of the listed Class of Notes of a Notes Series isucd under the
Programme in IBERCLEAR.

The information about th ISIN (Intestinal Securitics Idemifiation Number) of cach of
he Notes of he corresponding Notes Series under this Programme will be set out n the
Issuing Document af he corresponding Notes Seris (áf applicable).

427. Note Series and Notes

Al Class A Notes ll Class B Notes (¡any] and all Class C Notes issued on the same Issue
Date will constitute a Note Serios which shall designated by means o:

(a) — a four digit number representing the year on which the Note Series was issue, in hc
following format: Note Series "20%" followed by

(0) the mumber of such Note Serios in respect of the relevant year, in the following
y

format

“Conscquently,cach Noto Seris il presen in the following formut: Note Series 20xx-yy.

All Notes of the same Class and Note Serics shall have the exact same characteristics and
Acrefore be fungible amongst themselves.

The Class A Notes, Class 1 Notes and Class C Notes of any Note Series shosld present in ho
following format: Class AZ0wx-yy Notes, Class B20xx-yy Notes and Class C20xx:-3y Notes,
respectively.

The Class AZ0xx-3y Notes, the Class B20x1-3y Notes and Class C20wxeyy Notes ola given
Noxe Series sal have:

(a) the same Interest Period and the samo Payment Date (as defined in section 482 of.
his Sccuritics Note)

(6) the same Seheduled Amonisation Starting Date which shall be speciicd in the
applicable Issuimg Document. A Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date may be a Schedule
Amorisaion Starting Date, provided hat

6) tn accordance with section 49.5 of hc Securitcs Note, the cletion by the
Fund, represented by the Management Company and following a Sellers
Optional Farly Redemption Written Instruction to exercise the (1) optional

"


43.

redemption of the relevant Note Series on he applicable Note Series 20xx-yy
Clcan-Up Call Date or (if) the optional redemption of the relevant Note Series
on the Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date specified in the applicable Issuing
Document shall constitute an Optional Early Redemption Event

Gi) IF one or several Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date(s) are specified in the
relevant Issuing Document, the Class A20xacyy Notes, the Class B20xxc3y
Notes and Class C20xx-yy Notes in respoct of such given Note Seris shall
have the same Note Seris 20xx-yy Call Date(s),

(Gi) The Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, will if directed to do so
by the Sell), on the Payment Date and on any subscquent Payment Date on
which he Note Series 20xx-3y Clean-Up Call Condition is saisicd (ho
Note Series 20xx-3y Clean-Up Call Date), redcem any outstanding Noto
Series in an amount equal to the applicable Note Series 20xx-3y Clean-Up.
Call Amount.

(0) the same Notes Final Le
Issuing Document

Maturity Date, which shall be specific in the applicable

Appointment of global coordinators, lead managers, bookrunners or underwrites in
«omnection with he issue of the Notes

The emtitics participating as global coordinator, lead managers, bookrumners or underwriters
af he Notes in cch Notes Series will he designated in th corresponding Issuing Document
In addition, a billing and delivery agent (responsible fr the delivery of ho Notes to the
relevant Notes Purchasers) may be appointed in cach Note Sers.

In particular, Banco Santander and Natixis will actas Global Coordinators and Joint Lead
Managers in connection with th fist Note Series isued by the Fund: in addiion, Banco.
Santander shall be appointed as Biling and Delivery Agent in connection with he first Note
Series ssucd by thc Fund; hc functions caricd out by Banco Santander and Natixis as Global
Coordinators, Joint Lead Managers and Biling and Delivery Agent (as the case may be) re
explained in section 52 of the Registration Document. Otber entities may be appointed in
«smnection vih he issue of subscquent Note Seres.

Each selected entity as global coordinator, lcad manager, bookrunner, underwriter or iling
and delivery agent must have the operational resources necessary to carry out the relevant
functions atributed thercto, including disbursing the Notes Series in the relevant
Disburscment Date in the terms ct ost in the corresponding Issuing Document

The Management Company will enter into a Notes Subscription Agrecment with one or

several lead managers, bookrumners, undenvritrs or biling and delivery agent for cach Class
af be Notes Series

e


4.

45.

SEC or any emity designated by SFC shall be cmiled to (and may reservo th right 10)
subscribe in fil orán part any Notes ofa Note Series issued by th Fund,

The holding or subscription of one of the classes of Notes of a Notes Series docs not
necessarily imply the holding o subscription of the Notes of he other classes of Notes of
such Notes Series.

Legistation under which the Notes have been created

Th Fund is incorporsted and the Notes will e issued in accordance with ho Spanish laws
applicable to them and, in particular, with (1) the Legislativo Royal Decres 4/2015; (4) Law
35/2015; (li) Royal Decree 13102015; (iv) Order EHA/3537/2005; (iv) Royal Deerec
116/1992; (v) Royal Decres 878/2015 and (vi) any other legal and regulatory provision in
force that apply from time to time,

In accordance with hc Seventh Final Provision of Royal Decree 878/2015, the Royal Decree
878/2015 entered into force on 3 February 2016, thus replacing Royal Decree 116/1992.
However, the Second Additional Provision of Royal Decres 87/2015 provides that the
“amendments introduced thercin will not be app

trading inregulated markets (mercados secundarios oficiales) (such as the Notes), until such
date and within th terms o be determined by the Ministry of Economy and Compettiveness
(such date is expected to be around September 2017),

<uble to fixed-incomo socunitis admite to

Until such date and for such fixeeuincome sccuritics, Royal Decre 116/1992 will remai
force, with ihe exception of Section 1 of Chapter IL of Til 1 (aicls 29 10 35 of Royal
Desree! 16/1992, bolh inclusive), which will e repcaled and replaced by Section of Chapter
Hof Til of Royal Decres 878/2015 (articles 30 10 38, both inclusive).

This Securtics Note has been prepared in accordance with the models set out in Regulation
109/2004 as amended),

Any discrepaney or dispute rating to the Fund or the Notes issucd against the Fund and
rising during the operation or stulement of the Fund, whether between the Notcholders or
between these and tho Management Company, vil b heard before the Court of the city of
Madrid,

Indication of whether the securitcs are in certificate or boolcentry form.

Th Notes will be represented (1) by book trios (anoraciones en cuenta) and will be created
as such by vitc of their corresponding hook entry and will bc made out to the bcarer or (4)
in registered ts (rtdos nominativos)

hs Final Terms and the Terms and Conditions or the Decd of Issue (with respeto the
Nokos represented in book-entry form) vil produce the efes provided for in anicle 7 of the
Legislativo Royal Decree 4/2015,

ss


In accordance with the provisions of article 6 of Royal Decrec 116/1992, the denomination,
number of unis, nominal value and other charactristics and conditions of cach Notes
represented in book-enty form are those included in he relevant Isuing Document

The Noteholders will be identifica as such (for ir own account o that of third parties):

(a) — in case of listed Notes, as recorded in the book<ntry register maintained by

IBERCLEAR (and its partcipant nic) with registered office at Plaza de la
+, 1 1, Madrid, which will be sppointed as the entity in charge of he book
nte registry ofihe Notes; and!

Leal

(6) imtlie case ofunlisted Notes and as described in section 4.5.1 ofihe Securitis Note

6) where represented in book-cmry form (anotaciones en cuenta), as recorded in

he relevant book-<mry registry maintained by the duly licensed financi
institution appointed by the Manegement Company to his efect; and

(where represented in registered tl (stos nominativos) as recorded in the
Registry-Book of Noteholders kep by he Management Company (as defined
in section 4.5. of he Securities Noe).

45.1. Special provisions in connection with unlisted Notes

In the case ol unlisted Note, hey will be represented, as specificd in th relevant Deed of
Issue, cier in book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) or in registered tiles (xítlos
ominativos), provided that in case of unlistod Notes, all Notes of a given Class must be
issued under he same format (book-enty form or registered tiles),

Lssuing Document

The incorporation af the unlisted Notes of the successive Notes Seres will be instrumented
Ahrough the relevant Decd of Issue which wil be exccuted by the Management Company, for
and on bebalf the Fund.

The Management Company shall ensure that he Decd of Issue includes, musatis mutandí, hc
information included in Schedule 2 “Form of inal Terms".

Book-entry form

Where the unlisted Nolos are represented in book<ntry form (anotaciones en cuenta), the
relevant book<ntry registry shall be maintained by the duly licensed financial institution
appointed by the Management Company to this ect (whose identity shall be specfid in ho
relevant Deod of sue) in accordance with the provisions of Royal Decrec 878/2015.

se


46.

Registered tiles

Where he unlisted Notes are represented by means of registered tiles (tulos nominaivos),
(cach, a Multiple Certificate) the Management Company shall keep a registry-book of
Notcholders (the Regístry-Book). The Management Company shall register in the Registy=
Book the ownership of such unlisted Notes as well as any in rem right crested over them.

The Management Company shall only regard as Notcholder and/or bencfciay of he in rem
vights created over the relevant unlisted Notes to those which are registered as such n tho
abovementioned Regitry-Book; for such purposes, the relevant transfer of th unlited Notes
dr the creation of he in rem rights must duly notifcd to the Management Company in
accordance with the below.

ln order for the transfer of the Notes to be efectivo viscis the Fund th transferor and the
transferee shall duly notify (norficar fehacientemente) such transfer to the Mar
Company. The Management Company shall record th transfer of the Notes in the above
mentioned Registry-Book as soon as possible upon receipt of relevant notification.

Furihcrmore, the holders of unised Notes shall duly notify (notificar fehacientemente) the
Management Company any changes in thir address or bank sccount where payments under
he Notes are cffetod. The Management Company shall not be lible in case in case of
changes of address or bank account which are not doly noti to the Management Company
in manner provided in his section.

The holders of the unlisted Notes and the relevant bencfciary of the in rem rights sballduly
notify (norificar fehacientemente the Management Company the creation of any such in rem

vight over the Notes so that the Management Company can register ts existence in the
Registry-Book

The holder of the unisted Notes shall be enild to request from the Management Company
e issue oa mew Multiple Cetificae repesenting the Notes owned by it

In the event of destruction, los or theft or the Multiple Conifícate, the holder of he Notes
may obtain a duplicate of the relevant Multiple Certificate from the Management Company.
For this purpose it will e necessary hata request is made to the Management Company wit
a declration hat the Note and the Multiple Cetficat have not been transfered,

Ranking of the Notes according to the subordination rules
46... Status and Ranking of the Class A Notes

The Class A Notes of any Note Series when issued vil constitute direct and unsubordinated
bligations oF the Fund and all payments of principal and interest (and arear, fany) on the
Class A Notes of any Note Seris shall be made in accordance with hc applicable Priority of

Payments. The Class A Notes of cach Note Series rank parí passu without preference or
priority amongst themselves and with the other Class A Notes of any Note Series (bcing

as


specified hat payments of principal betwen the Note Serios are subject to the fed ratio of
allocation of principal (che Note Series 20xx-yy Principal Ratio).

For hose purposes, Priority of Payments mcans

(a) — duringthe Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period:

6 the Interest Priority of Payments and
6) the Interest Shorifall Priority of Payments; and.
(Gi) the Principal Priority o Payments;

(0). during the Programme Accelerated Amoniation Period, ho Acccleraod Priority of
Payments.

4:62. Status and Ranking of the Class Notes

The Class B Notes of any Note Seris when issued will constitute dicct and subordinated
bligations oF the Fund and all payments of principal and interest (and areas, Fany) on the
Class E Notes of any Note Series shall be made in accordance with hc applicable Priority of
Payments. The Class E Notes of cach Note Series rank parí passu without preference or
priority amongst themselves and with ho other Class B Notes of any Note Seres (being
specified hat payments of principal betwcen the Note Serios re subject to the fed ratio of
allocation of principal (che Note Series 20xx-yy Principal Ratio).

4.63. Status and Ranking of the Class C Notes

The Class C Notes of any Note Seris when issued will onsttue dicct and subordinated
bligations oF the Fund and all payments of principal and interest (and arears, Fany) on the
Class C Notes of any Note Series shall be made in accordance with hc applicable Priority of
Payments. The Class C Notes of cach Note Series rank parí passu without preference or
priority amongst themselves and with ho other Class C Notes of any Note Seres (being
specified hat payments of principal betwen the Note Seres are subject to to fed ratio of
allocation of principal (che Note Series 20xx-yy Principal Ratio).

4.64... Relationship between the Notes of any Note Series and the Seller Interest Credit
Facility; priority of Payments
(a) Dawingthe Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period!
6) payments of principal in respect ofthe Class B Notes of any Note Serios are
subordinated to payments of principal in respest the Class A Notes of tho
same Note Series, being specified that payments of principal between the

Note Seris are subjet to the fixed ratio oPallocarion of principal (0. the
None Series AUxx-yy Principal Ratio)

s


ol

(o

0

0)

0)

payments of principal in respect of the Class C Notes af any Note Serios are
subordinatd to payments of pricipal in respect the Class A Notes and the
Class E Notes of the same Noto Seris, being specificd that payments of
principal betwen the Note Series are subject to the fixed ratio of allocaion
af principal (¿the Note Series 20xx-yy Principal Ratio)

payments of interest in respect of hn Class E Notes and the Class C Notes of
any Note Series are subordinated to payments of interst in respect of,
respectively, the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes o all Note Seres

Dating the Programme Revolving Period (oy):

o

0)

if the Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is not in debit on the preceding
Calculaion Dat, repayment of the SICE Amortisation Amount shall rank
equally vih any payment of principal in respect ofthe then mos! senior Class
df Notes (whether it e the Class A Notes, the Clas B Notes or the Class C
Nokos) provided, however, that ¡and for so long as the Residual Principal
Deticiency Ledger is in debit on the preceding Calculation Date, no
repayment of Abe SICE Amortisation Amount shall be made (the SICF
Amorisaion Amount being cqualto zero (0) and

payments of SICF Interest Amount on the Seller ntrest Credit Facility will
be paid on the same rank with ho payments of interest under the then most
senior Clas of Notes (whether it be Class A Notes, Class B Notes or Class C
Notes).

Daxing the Programme Amortisation Period:

o

0)

Dawn the Programme Accelerated Amontis

o

0)

0)

o repayment of the SICE Amortiation Amount under the Seller Interest
Credit Facility shall bo mado for so long as the Notes oPall Note Serios have
ot ben edcmed in fall amd

payments of SICE Interest Amount on the Seller Interest Credit Facility aro
subordinated to the payments of th Notes of any Nate Series

ion Period:

o payment on the Class B Notes of any Note Seris shall be made for so
long as the Class A Notes of ll Note Seris have not boen redcemed in full

o payment on the Class C Notes of any Noto Seris shall be made for so
Jong as the Class A Notes and the Class E Notes of all Note Serios have not

"een redecmed in full

payments of SICE Interest Amount on the Seller Interest Credit Facility are
subordinated to the payments of the Notes of any Nate Series and

s


(Y) no repayment of SICE Principal Amount Outstanding on the Seller Interes
Credit Facility shall bo mado for so long as the Notes oPall Note Serios have
ot ben redcemed in fl.

4.5. Summary of the ranking of the interest payments Notes in the Fund order of
payments

The ranking of he interest payments ofthe Notes is in the following Priority Payments
(a) Class Notes

Dating the Programme Revolving Period and th Programme Amortisation Period the
payment of interest accrucd by the Class A Notes ranks third (3nd) in the Interest
Priority of Payments se ut in section 3.7.2 of the Additional Building Block

Dating th Programme Accclerated Amortistion Period the payment of interest
acerued by the Class A Notes ranks third (3rd) in the Accelerated Priority of
Payments set out in section 347.2 ofthe Additional Building Block.

(6) Class BNotes

Dating the Programme Revolving Period and th Programme Amorisation Period the
payment of interest accrucd by the Class Notes ranks

6) oncecall Class A Notes oP al Notes Series have been redccmed in full, third
(rd) in the Interest Priority of Payments set out in section 3.472 of he
Additional Building Block or

Gi) to the extent not paid in third (3rd) place as per (5) por encima de, seventh
(Th) in the Interest Priority of Payments set out in section 3.472 of ho
Additional Building Block

Dating th Programme Acclerated Amortistion Period the payment of interest
acerued by the Class B Notes ranks seven (74h) in tho Acceleated Priority of
Payments set out in section 3:47.2 ofthe Additional Building Block.

(o) Class CNotes

Dating the Programme Revolving Period and th Programme Amorisation Period the
payment of interest accrucd by the Class C Notes ranks

6) once all Class A Notes and Class B Notes of all Notes Serios have been

redecmed in full, ir (Sr) in the Interest Priority of Payments et cut in
section 34.72 0f the Addiional Building Block or

se


(to he extent not paid n third (Grd) place as per () por encima de, cleventh
(1118) in the Interest Priority of Payments set out in section 34.72 of he
Additional Building Block

Dating the Programme Acccleated Amortistion Period the payment of interest
acerued by the Class C Notes ranks tem (10h) in the Accoloratod Priority of
Payments set out in socion 347.2 ofthe Additional Building Block.

4.66... Summary ofthe ranking o the Notes repaymentsin the Fund order of payments
The ranking of the principal payments of the Notes sin th following Priority af Payments:
(a) Class Notes

Dating the Programme Revolving Period and th Programme Amorisation Period he
repayment of principal of the Class A Notes ranks second (2nd) in the Principal
Priority of Payments se ut in section 347.2 of the Additional Building Block

Dating the Programme Accclerated Amontisaion Period th repayment of principal
fe Class A Notes ranks Ah (St) in the Accolerated Priority of Payments set out
in section 347.2 of he Adéitional Building Block

(6) Class BNotes

Dating the Programme Revolving Period and th Programme Amortisation Period he
repayment of principal a he Class Notes rank:

6) onceall Class A Notes of Notes Sercs have been redecmed in fall, second
(ná) in the Principal Priority of Payments set out in section 34.72 of ho
Additional Building Block or

(to the extet not paid in second (2nd) place as per (1) por encima de, third
(rd) in the Principal Priority of Payments et out in section 34.72 of the
Additional Building Block

Dating the Programme Accclerated Amontisaion Period th repayment of principal
df ho Class 3 Notes ranks cigh (St) in the Accclerted Priority of Payments se
tin section 34.72 of the Additional Building Block.

(o) Class CNotes

Dating the Programme Revolving Period and th Programme Amorisation Period he
repayment of principal a he Class C Notes ranks:

6) once all Class A Notes and Class B Notes of all Notes Serios have been

redecmed in full, second (2nd) in the Principal Priority of Payments st ut in
section 34.72 of the Additional Building Block or

so


(to the extent not paid in second (2nd) place as pe () por encima de, fourth
(4h) in the Principal Priority of Payments set ut in section 3472 of ho
Additional Building Block

Daing the Programme Accclerated Amontisaion Period th repayment of principal
fe Class C Nates rank cleventh (11h) in ho Accelrated Priority of Payments st
¿utin section 3472 of the Additional Building Block.

Description of the rights attached o the Notes

Pursuant to curent legislsion infor, the Notes detailed in his Secuitics Note will ofícr no

fture or present political rights to the investors acquiringthom in relation to the Fund or its
Management Company. This is consistent with the Funds nature as a separate estate
(patrimonio separado) without legal personality.

The investors economic and financial rights associated with the acquisition and ownership of
he Notes will e those derived from the interest mates, yiclds and redemption prices wi
vwbich the Notes are issued and which are detailed in soctions 4.8 and 4.9 debajo de in this
Securities Note and in th applicable Issung Document

The Notcholders ae subject, with respect to the payment of interest and principal repayment
of he Notes, to the relevant Priority of Payments set out in section 34.72 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

The Notcholders will have no recourse against the Management Company, olher than from
úon-performance of s dutic or non-compliance with he provision ofthis Base Prospectus,
fe Deed of Incorporation and he applicable laws and regulations. In this regard, no action
df he Notcholders against the Management Company shall bo based on () delinqueney or
repayment af the Reccivables: (ii) non-alfilment by the comterpartics of the transactons
entered in o the nar and on behalf of the Fund; or (ii) the insufiiency of ho credit
enhancementsto cover the payments of to Notes of any Class.

Th Noteholders shall have no actions against the Borrowers that have filed to comply with
Alcir payment obligtion. In his regard, ho Management Company, as legal representative
fe Fund and acting on its own name, or the Service, vil be the only persons empowered
o address amy action. The duties and responsbiliics of the Management Company are
described in soction 3.1.1 of the Additional Building Block.

Any isue,discrepaney or dispute regarding the Fund or the Notes ihat may ari during ts
life or its liquidaion, be it amongst the Noteholders or between the later and the
Management Company, will be submited 10 the cours and tibunals of the city of Madrid,
with waiver of any other juridiction to which the parts may be entild.

so


48.

Nominal interest ate and provision relating to interest payable
48... Period of Accrual

Interest on any Class of Notes of any Note Series will be payable by reference to successive
interest periods (cach an Interest Period). Esch Class of Note of any Note Seres will bear
interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding (as defined below) rom and including the
relevant Notes Series Disbursement Date until th calicr of (4) the date on which its Principal
Amount Outstanding is reduced to zero (0), (y) ts Notes Final Legal Matuity Date specific
inthe applicable Issuing Document or (2 the Fund Liquidation Date.

482. Payment Dates and Interest Periods

The provisions in his section apply to all Class of Notes imespectivo of whether they are
Fixed Rate Notes orFloating Rate Notes.

(2) PaymentDates
6) Programme Resolving Period and Programme Amortisaion Period
During the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortiston.

Period, iterst and principal will e payable on the Notes of any Nate Serios
on any Momibly Payment Date, Quarterly Payment Date, Semi-Amnual

Payment Dat or Annual Payment Date (as respectively defined belowYcach,
a Payment Date).

The applicable Payment Dates with respoet to any Note Series shall be
specificd in the applicable Issuing Document. Any Payment Date shall e the
26th day in th relevant month (subject to Ate Modificd Following Business
Day Convention)

Forihese purposes:

Monthly Payment Date means the day falling on the 26th in cach mon of
ach year (subject to the Modified Following Business Day Convention)

Quarterly Payment Date mcans, during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amortsation Period, the quarterly day falling on the 26th
day which falls on a Monty Payment Date (subject to the Modificd
Following Business Day Convention) as specificd in the Issuing Document

Semi-Ammual Payment Date mcans, during the Programme Revolving
Period and the Programme Amoriation Period, the semi-anmual day falling
on the 261h day which falls on a Monthly Payment Date (subjcst to the
Modified Following Business Day Convention) as specificd in the Issuing.

Document

m


ol

Annual Payment Date mcans, during the Programme Revolving Period and
he Programme Amortistion Period, the annual dato falling on the 260h day
vwbich falls on a Monthly Payment Date (subjcot to the Modificd Following
Business Day Convention) s specified in hc applicable Issuing Document.

Gi) Programme Aceclerated Amortisation Period.

During ihe Programme Accclerated Amoriation Period, interest and!
principal in respect ol any Class of Notes of Note Series will be payable on.
cach Monthly Payment Date,

(ii) Business Day Convention

The Modified Following Business Day Convention shall apply to all Note,
where if Payment Date is nota Business Day, such date shall be postponcd
19 the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thrcby fall into the
ext calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the
immediately preceding Business Day

For these purposes, Business Day means a day which is a TARGETZ
Basiness Day other than (a Saturday, () a Sunday or) a public holiday
in Madrid (Spain) or and (iv) as the case may be, any olher day specific in
the corresponding Issuing Document

TARGETZ Business Day mens a day on which the Trans-Europcan.
Automated Real“Time Gross Setlement Express Transfer. System
(TARGET2) is open.

Interest Periods
For ose purposes, an Interest Period oa Note means:

6) with respecto ll Classes of Notes of any Note Seres during the Programme
Revolving Period and the Programme Amonisation Period, any period
beginning on (and including) the previous Payment Date and ending on (but
excluding) such Payment Dat, save for the first Interest Period of any Note
Serie which shall begin on (and include), as applicable, the Disbursement
Date of such Note Series and shall end on (but exclude) the first Payment
Date specific in th relevant Issuing Document and

(o with respecto all Clases of Notes of any Note Seres during the Programm
Acccloated Amortisation Period, any period beginning on (and including)
he previous Monthly Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) such
Monthly Payment Date, save for the first Imerest Period during the
Programme Accelerated Amortisaion Period of any Noto Series which shall

e


begin on (and include) the previous Payment Dato and shall end on (but
exclude) he fist Monthly Payment Date of such Note Sercs.

Th lat Interest Period of such Note Series shall cad on (and excludo) at the latest on
he Notes Final Legal Matuity Date of such Note Series.

483. Interest Rate

The annual interest ate (the Interest Rate) applicable during the Programme Revolving
Period, the Programme Amortisation Period and the Programmo Acceleated Amortisation
Period to Noles of any Noto Series in respect of cach Interest Period shall be specified in the
applicable Isuing Document

Nokes of any Noto Series may bear a fixed rate (the Fixed Rate Notes) o a Moating rate (the
Floating Rate Notes) as speciicd in th applicable Issuing Document

"he Interest Rate acerued by the Notes of any Notes Seics during cach Interest Period will be
(for any Fixed Rate Notes, the Interest Rate specified in respect of such Notes in tho
comesponding Issuing Document (which in any event shall be cqual or higher than zero
percent (0%)) and (i) fo any Floating Rato Notes the maximum between zero percent (0%)
and the result of adding (a) the Reference Rate (rounded in accordance wi the proviions
below); and (b) the Relevant Margin or the relevant Step=up Margin (as the case may bo)

The Flosting Rate Notes may be subject to a Maximum Interest Rate or a Minimum Interest
Rate as specific in th applicable Issuing Document,

484. Day Count Fraction

The applicable Day Count Fraction with respect to any Note Series shall be specific in ho
“applicable Issuing Document

For hose purposes, Day Count Fraction mcans, in respec o hc caculation afan amount of
interest on any Note of any Noe Serics for any period o time (from and including the fest
day of such period o but cxcluding he las) (whether r not consituting an Interest Period,
the Calculation Period)

(a) if “Actuall36S" ar “Actual/ActualISDA” is specified in tho relevant ssuing
Document, th actual mumber of days in he Interest Period divided by 365 (o, ¡Fany
portion of tha Interest Period falls a lea year, he suma OF(A) he actual number of
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a Icap year divided by 366 and (B)
he actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
Ieap year divided by 365).

(6) if “ActualActual:ICMA” is specific in the relevant Issuimg Document:

6) Fit Call
ring which ie fal, the number o days in the Ci

jon Period is equal to or shore than the Determination Period
ulaion Period divided by

o


he product of(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y)
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year and.

(if Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:

(A) — the mumber of days in such Calculaion Period faling in the
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product o£(1)
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number
of Determination Periods normully ending in any year; and

(8) — the mumber of days in such Calculrion Period falling in the next
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) hc number oP
days in such Determinaion Period and (2) the number of
Determination Periods normally ending in any yea,

in each case where

Determination. Period means ihc period Som and including am. Interest
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Interest Determination
Dato; and

Interest Determination Date with respect to any Floutng Rate Notes and in relation
o an Interest Period, dat specific as such in hc relevant Issuing Document or, if
one isso specified, two (2) Business Days before the date on which such Interes
Period begins;

(c) — if “ActualZ6S (Fixed)" is speciicd in the relevant Isuing Document, the actual
number of days in the Calculaion Period divided by 365;

(d) if “Actual360" is specificd in the relevant Issuing Document, the actual number of
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360:

(e) if "201360", *360/360" or “Bond Basis
Document, the number of days in the Calo
on a formula basis s follows:

is specified in th relevant Issuing
ion Period divided by 360 calculated

Day Count Fractio

(560 (Y, Y ld30 (4, MAIEL(D, - DOI
360

caber:

“YI is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation
Period falls;

2" is the year, expressed as a number in which the day immediately following the
las day included in th Clculation Period fall;

9


0

"MI" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the
Calculaion Period

“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately
following the lat day included in the Calculation Period falls;

“DI” is the fest calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period,
unless such number would be 31, in which cose DI will be 30: and

“D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following th lat day
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case
D2 ville 30:

if "301360 (ISDA)" is specific in the relevant Isuing Document, the number oP
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as

follows:

Day Count Fraction= [360 (Ys. Y JJ+[30 (M5. MOJH(D;. DJ]
360

caber:

“YI is the year, expressed as a mumber, in which the fist day o the Calculation
Period falls;

*Y2" is he year, expressod as a number, in which the day immediately following.
the last day included in the Calculation Period

“MI” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the fest day of the
Calculaion Period

-M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately
following the lat day included in the Calculation Period falls;

“DI” is the fist calendar day, expressed as a mumber, of the Calculation Period,
unless (6) that day is the lat day of February or () such number would be 31, in
which case DI will be 30; and

'D2" is he calendar day, expressed as a mumber, immediately following the last
day included in the Calculation Period, unless () that day is Abe last day of
February but not the Maturity Date r () such mumber would be 31, in which case
D2 will be 30.

os


485. Fixed Rate Notes

(a) — Calculation of the Class A Notes Monthly Interest Amount, the Class B Notes
Momhly Interest Amount and the Class C Notes Monthly Interest Amount for the
Fixed Rate Notes

On cach Calculation Dato the Management Company shall calcuate the amount of
interest payable in respect of the Fixed Rate Notes of any Note Series (for such
purposes the Class A20x-yy Notes Interest Amount, the Class B20xx-3y Notes
Interest Amount and the Class C20xx-yy Notes Interest Amount for any Note
Series and indistinctivly, the Notes Interest Amount)

Th amount of interest payable in respost of any Fixed Rate Note of any Note Serios
for any period shall be calculated by multiplying the product of he Interest Rate and
the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note by the Day Count raction.

(6) Notficationofthe Notes Interest Amount
The Management Company shall notify the Notes Imerest Amount of any Class of
Notes of any Note Seres applicable for the relevant Interest Period 10 the Paying
Agent a cast one (1) Business Day prior o cach Payment Date (or such olher date as

agread between the Management Company and the Paying Agent from time o time).

(<) — Notifcationto be final

All notifications, certificates, communications, opinions, determi
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purpose of the
provisions of this section by the Management Company shall (in the absence of
vwillfl default (dolo), bad faith (mala fe) or manifest cor [error manifesto)) be
binding om the Fund, he Paying Agent and all Note Series Notcholder

tins,caleulatins,

(4) FloorInterest Rate

The Interest Rate accrued by any Fixed Rate Notes of any Notes Series during cach
Interest Period specific in the relevant Isuing Document shall ín any event be equal
or higher than zero pereent (0%).

48.6.  Floating Rate Notes

(a) Determination f Interest Rate and calculation of the Class AZUxx-yy Notes Interest
Amount the Class B20xx-yy Notes Interest Amount and the Class C20xx-yy Notes
Interest Amosnt for the Floating Rate Notes

On cach Interest Determination Date the Management Company shall determine the
Interest Rate applicable to the Notes of any Note Seris for the relevant Interest
Period

9


(0) Interest Rate or Floating Rate Notes

The Interest Rate in respect of Flomting Rate Notes of any Note Series for cach
Interest Period will be the result of adding the Relevant Margin (or hc Sicp-Up
Margin) o the Reference Rate and shall be determined in the manner specified in ho
relevant Isuing Document; the provisions below relating to. Reference Rate
determination shall apply.

For his purpose Reference Rate shall be (1) during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amortisaton Period cther the EURIBOR for one (1) monih, or
the EURIBOR for three (3) months, or the EURIBOR for sx (6) months or the
EURIBOR for twelve (12) months, a specified in the relevant Isuing Document and
(i) during the Programme Accclerated Amortisation Period, EURIBOR for one (1)
mom.

The Reference Rate for cach Itrest Period will subject as provided below, e:

6) the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00
a.m. (Brussels time) (or, with respect o the fist Interest Period, the rate
vwbich represents th linar interpoatio of th relevant EURIBOR rats for
such period as specficd in the relevant Issuing Document) on the Interest
Determination Date in question as motificd by the Paying Agent to the
Management Company:

Gi) if the Relevant Screen Page is not available as a the time speciicd above,
hen the ato for any relovant period shall e the arilmctic mean (rounded to
four decimal places with the midpoint rounded upwards) of the offered
quottions (expressed as a percentage rato per anmum) notficd to the Paying
Agent st ts request by ah of the principal Euro-zonc office of cach of he
Reference Banks as th rue a which curo deposits in respect of he relevant
period in a representative amount are oficed by the Reference Bank to
Icading banks in Ah curozone interbank for the Reference Rate at
approximatly 11.00 a.m. (Brussels tim) on th Interest Determination Date
in question; and!

(Gi) if at the time, the Reference Rate is unavailable and only two of the
Reference Banks provide such quoted rate o the Paying Agen, the relevant
ate will be determined on the basis of the average quoted rate f such two
Reference Banks able to provide such quotations; or

(Y) if ate timo, the Reference Rate is unavailable and only one or none of the
Reference Banks provides the Paying Agent with such quoted rate, th rte in
effect for the immediately preceding Interest Period will apply or in the
absence of such, the immediately preceding Business Day where such
Reference Rate is available

0


The Paying Agent shall communicate to the Management Company by email, before
13:00 CET of the Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate including the
supporting documentation for such calculation.

(6) — Relevant Margin and Step-up Mar

The Relevant Margin and, as applicable, the Stcp-up Margin fr the Floating Rate
Noxes shall e specific in the applicable Issuing Document

(6) Routing

For ho purposes of any calculaions required, (x) ll percentags resulting from such
calculations shall be rounded (¡ necessary, to the ncarest onc hundred=howsandih of
a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards), (y ll igues shall be rounded!
o seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (2) all EUR amounts
ta fal due and payuble shall e rounded to the ncarest lowest amount of EUR thats
available s legal tender (with halves being rounded up).

(e) Cappedorfloored Euribor

If any Notes of any Note Series are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable EURIBOR
may be capped or Moored at certain level which shall be specific in the applicable
Issuing Document

(0 Floorlnterest Rate

The Interest Rate accrucd by the Notes of any Notes Serics during cach Interes
Period will be for any Floating Rate the maximum between ero percent (0%) and th
result of adding (a) the Reference Rate rounded in accordance with tho provisions
above); and (9) he Relevant Margin or the relevant Step=up Margín (a th ase may
bo)

(9 Calculaions

The amount of interest payable in respect of any Flosting Rate Note of any Note
Series for any period shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Interest
Rate and the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note by he Day Count Fraction

(6) Notficationofthe Notes Interest Amount

The Management Company shall notify the Class AZOxx-yy Notes Interest Amount,
he Class B20wx-yy Notes Interest Amount and the Class C20xx-yy Notes Interes
Amount of any Note Series aplicable for the relevant Interest Period to the Paying.
Agent a cast one (1) Business Day prior o cach Payment Date (or such olher date as
agread between the Management Company and the Paying Agent from time o time).

o


6) Notifcationto be final

All notifications, certificates, communication, opinions, determination, alculatios,
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purpose of the
provisions of this section wheiher by the Reference Banks (or any of them) or the
Management Company shall in the absence o willul default (dolo) bad faith (mala
e) ox manifest rro [error manifeto)) be binding on the Management Company, the
Fund, the Reference Banks, the Paying Agent and all Note Series Noteholders.

6 Reference Banks.

Reference Banks means the thre (3) major banks in th curo-z0ne inter-bank market
selected by the Paying Agent from time to time and if any such bank is unable or
vnwillng 10 continue to act, such oxhor bank as may be selectod by the Paying Agent
on behalf the Fund to act in its place,

487. Step-up Interest Rate and Step-up Margin.
(2) Stepenp Interest Rate

Fixed Rate Notes of any Note Series may bcar a stepup interest rate (if and as
specified in th applicable Issuing Document if such Fixed Rate Notes are no! fully
redecmed on the applicable Noto Serics 20xx-yy Call Date (ia Note Serios Z0x-yy
Call Date is specific in the applicable Issuing Document) (she Step-up Interest
Rate

Such Step-up Interest Rate will be applicable añcr such date and shall replace the

Feres Rate
he Steps Interest Rate shall be specficd in the applicable lsuing Document

6) Step Margin
A step msin (if and as specific in he applicable Ling Document) will apply
lo Floaing Rate Notes of any Note Seics df such Floing Rate Notes are not faly

redeemed on th applicable Note Seres 20xx-3y Call Date (if such Note Series 2x0
yy Cal Date is specified in hc applicable Issuing Document) (the Step-up Margin).

The Step-up Margin will e applicable añcr such date and shall replace the Relevant
Margin.

The Step-up Margin shall be specifid in he applicable Issuing Document


488. Payments under the Notes
4881. General

Payments of principal and interest (including, for hc avoidance of doubt, any arcars of
interest, where applicable) in respect of the Notes of any Noto Series in accordance with the
Priority of Payments se ut in section 347.2 of the Additional Building Block will be made:

(a) — in case of listed Notes, by transfr to the account of the relevant participants in
IBERCLEAR to distibute the corresponding amownts to the relevant Note Series
Notchalders. The payment will be made through 1h Paying Agent, using
IBERCLEAR and ts pariipative eniis to distribute the corresponding amounts

(6) inccase of unlisted Notes in booke-entry form, by transfr to hc account duly notifica
by the Noteholder to the duly licensed financial instituion appoimed by the
Management Company to manago such registry, for such purposes. The payment will
be made through the Paying Agent

(6) in case of unlisted Notes in registered form, by transfer o the account daly notifica
by the Noteholdr to ho Management Company for such purposes, Th payment will
e made through the Paying Agent.

The Fund, scting through the Management Company, will not postpone the payment of
interest (or principal) of the Notes later than the Fund Legal Matuity Date.

Payments in respect of principal and interest on the Notes will, in all cases, be made subt to
any tax or other laws and regulations applicable thereto. No fees or expenses shall be charged
lo the Note Series Notcholders in respcet of such payments, Payments of principal and
interest in respec oh Notes shall be made net of any wihholding ta (¡fany) applicable to
the Notes of any Note Serios in the relevant state or jursdicion, and neither the Fund, the
Management Company, any Eligible Hedging Counterpatis or the Paying Agent shall be
under any obligatio 0 gros up such amounts as a consequence or othenvise compensate the
Nocholders for the lesscr amounts the Notcholders will roscive as a result of such

vwitholding or deduction. Any such imposition of withholding taxes will result in the
Noxtcholdersreccving

be assigned by the Relevant Rating Agencies to the Rated Notes will not address the
likcibood of the imposition af vithholding taxes.

lsser amount in respect of the payments an the Notes. The ratings to

Any current o future wihholdings, rates and taxes to which the capital, interest or yields of
he Notes ar subjost will bo exclusively assumed by tho Noteholders and, where applicable,
Alcir corresponding amount will bo deducted by the entity obliged to do so in he legally
established manner.



4882. Payment Datos

Funher to section 42 por encima de, Note Series may have an Annual Payment Date, a
Sem Payment Date, a Quarterly Payment Date, or a Monthly Payment Date (as
specified in the applicable Issuing Document)

If ho Payment Date of any amount of principal or interest in respect of any Note is not a
Business Day, the Modified Following Business Day Convention shall apply (ie. payment
shall not be mado of the amount dus and credit or transfer insructions shall not be given in
respect thercof until hc next following Business Day unless such Business Day fas the
exi calendar month in which case such Payment Date shall be brought forward to the
immediately preceding Business Day). 1£ any payment is postponed as a result of the
foregoing, the Note Serics Notcholders shall not be etld to any interest or other sums in
respect of such postponcd payment

4883. Interest Distribution Ledger and Principal Distribution Ledger.

Dating the Prograrmne Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisaion Period, in order to
treat equal Note Serios which Payment Date occurs amnuall, semi-anmually and quarery
(th Relevant Note Series) with Note Serics which Payment Date occurs monthly for the
payment of th interest and principal amownts due to the relevant Note Series Notcholders
andóor the relevant Hedging Counerpancs by the Fund, the Management Company shall
establish, with respect to such Relevant Note Seris, two (2) ledgers (one ledger with respect
o the Principal Account and one ledger with respeto he Interest Account) on which will be
recorded on cach Monihly Payment Date (which is not a Payment Date for such Relevant
Noe Seris) ihe monthly share of he interest and principal amounts that will bo due and!
payable by the Fund to the relevant Noto Series Notcholders and the relevant Hedging
Cownterpartcs on the relevant Payment Date of such Relevant Nate Series

For hc axoidance of doubt, no retetion shall o made:

(a) — inrespectofthe Note Series which have a Monthly Payment Date (as specific in ho
applicable Issuing Document)

(6). inrespectofall Relevant Note Series

6) during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortiation
Period, on the Monthly Payment Date which is a Payment Date for such
Relevant Noe Serie; and

Gi) duringthe Programme Accolerated Amortisation Period

Such amownts to be retined on each applicble Monthly Payment Date shall be calculated by
the Management Company on a Class by Class basis fr cach Relevant Note Seics and shall
be recorded on the relevant ledger in accordance with ho applicable Interest Priority of
Payments and Principal Pririy of Payments. The aggregate amounts retained under a

Mm


úpanicular Class of Notes ofa Relevant Note Series will e then allocted by the Management
Company on the applicable Payment Date (together with the monthly share due on such
Payment Date)

(a) Interest Disvibuion Ledger

“An interes distribution edger (the Interest Distribution Ledger) shall be associated
vvith th Interest Accownt and shall e established on the Fund Incorporation Dat by
he Management Company in order to record any amount which is retained on the
Interest Account on any Monthly Payment Date (which is not a Payment Date for the
considered Relevant Note Serics) in accordance with the applicable Interest Priority
of Payments.

On cach applicable Monthly Payment Date (which is not a Payment Date for the
considered Relevant Note Seris), the Interest Distribution Ledger will record the
relevant Monthly Interest Amount andíor the Monthly Hodging Net Amounts web
are retined in respec of the Relevant Noto Series (on a Class by Class basis) on the
Interest Account on such Monthly Payment Dat,

(0) — Principal Distribucion Ledger

A principal distribution Iedger (he Principal: Distribution Ledger) shall be
associated with the Principal Account and sbull be established om the Fund
Incorporation Date by the Management Company in order to record any amount
vwbich is retained on the Principal Account on any Monthly Payment Date (which is
ot a Payment Date for th considered Relevant Note Seris) in accordance with the
applicable Principal Priority of Payments

On cach applicable Monthly Payment Date (which is not a Payment Date for the
considered Relevant Note Serie), the Principal Distribution Ledger will record the
relevant Monthly Amortiation Amount which is rotainod in respect of the Relevant
Note Series (on a Class by Class basis) on the Principal Account on such Monthly
Payment Date.

(c) — Calculasion ofamounis sobe retained or alocated
With respect to cach Relevant Note Seris, he Management Company shall calculat:
6) intespectoFimerest amounts
(A) — omcach Monthly Payment Date which is nota Payment Date for the
considered Relevant Note Series, th relevant Class A20xx-yy Notes
Mombhiy Interest Amount, the Class B20wxyy Notes Monthly
Interest Amount and the Class C20xx3y Notes Mombhly Interest

Amount) andior the Monthly Hedging Net Amounts (including the
Class A20xx-yy Monthly Hedging Net Amount, the Class B20xx-yy

102


0

e

Monthly Hodging Net Amount and the Class C20wcyy Monthly
Hodging Not Amount) lo be retained on the Interest Account during
he relevat quarter, semi-annual and annual period, and creited to
Ae Interest Distribution Ledger and

on cach Mombly Payment Date which is a Payment Date for the
considered Relevant Note Series, th relevant Class A20x-3y Notes
Monthly Interest Amount, Class B20x:-yy Notes Monthly Interest
Amount, Class C20xx-yy Notes Monthly Interest Amount, Class
A20xx-yy Monthly Hedging Net Amount, Class B20xx-yy Monthly
Hodging Net Amount and Class C20xx-yy Mombhly Hodging Net
Amount to be debited from ho Interest Account (taking into account
for the avoidance of doubt th relevant amounts reained on the
Interest Distribution: Ledger since the last Payment Date án
accordance with paragraph (A) above and which shall be debited
from the Interest Distribution Ledger on such Monthly Payment
Dat:

6) inrespectof principal amount

0)

e

on cach Monthly Payment Date which is not a Payment Date for the
considered Relevant Note Series, th relevant Class A20xx-3y Notes
Monthly Amortiation Amount, Class B20xx3y Notes Monthly
Amorisation: Amount and Class C20xxyy Notes: Monthly
Amorisation Amount to be retuined on the Principal Account and
eredited lo the Principal Distribution Ledger; and

on cach Mombly Payment Date which is a Payment Date for the
considered Relevant Note Series the relevant Class A20xx=3y Notes
Monthly Amortistion Amoun, Class B20xx3y Notes Monthly
Amorisation. Amount and Class C20xxyy Notes: Monthly
Amorisation Amount to be debied from th Principal Account
(taking ino account for the avoidanec of doubt, he relevant amounts
reained on Principal Distribution Ledger since the last Payment Date
in accordance with paragraph (A) above and which shall dobited
from the Principal Distribution Ledger).

For these purposes Calculation Date means the fiih (5*) Business Day
before cach Mombly Payment Date, For clarfication purposes, the fist

Calculaion Date after the Fund Incorporation Date

be 19 June 2017.

Retension and allocation

Any amount credited on ihe Interest Distribution Ledger and the Principal
Distribution Ledger, respectively, wih respeto the relevant Class of Notes of any

Relevant Note Series shall be retained on the Interest Account and the Principal

102


(o

0

“Account until the applicable Payment Date of such Relevant Note Series for
allocation by the Management Company to the relevant Note Series Noteholders orto
he relevant Hodging Counterpaty and shall nt be sllocated for any other Note
Seris.

If any Accelerted Amoniation Event has occurred, any amounts recorded on the
Interest Distribution Ledger and the Principal Distribution Ledger respectively, with
respect to cach relevant Clas of Notes of the Relevant Note Series on the preceding
Monthly Payment Dates since th last Payment Date shall be exclusively allocued on
he first Monthly Payment Date following the date on which an Accelrated
Amonisation Event has occured to tho payments to be made in respect af such
elevan Class of Notes (and to no other Class oPNotes andíor Note Seris),

During the Programme Accelrated Amortisation Period, o retention shall be mado
and the Interest Distribution Ledger and the Principal Distribution Ledger shall not be
mointained

Instructions from the Management Company

Upon calcultion of any amounis to be retained on or, as applicable, o bo debied
From, he Interest Account (and, as hc case may be, hc Interest Distribution Ledger)
and the Principal Account (and, as Ahe case may be, the Principal Distribution
Ledger) respectively, the Management Company shall gio ho necessary instructions
o Ahe Issue Accounts Bank taking into account any amount to be resined and any
amount to be located air retntion on any applicable Monthly Payment Date

Ansuficient oy excess amouwns of interest andior hedging

The retentin shall bo mado subject o the funds available on a Monthly Payment
Date. 1f, on any applicable Monthly Payment Date (which is nota Payment Dato with
respect to the Class of Note af a Relevant Note Series), the interest and/or hodging.
amounts recorded on the Interest Distribution Ledger and retuined until thc next
applicable Payment Dates with espect to the Class o Note oa Relevant Note Series
are less than amounts calculated by the Management Company with respect to such
Monthly Payment Date for retetion purposes, the Management Company shall
calcule the relevant imerest and/or hedging retention shontfall on a Class by Class
asis (lo, the Class A20xx-yy Notes Monthly Interest Shortal, hc Class B20x1-3y
Notes Monthly Interest Shortfal, the Class C20xx-yy Notes Monthly Interest
Shorall, the Class A20xx-yy Monthly Hedging Net Shontfall,1he Class B20xx-yy
Monthly Hodging Net Shoríall and the Class C20xx-3y Momhly Hedging Not
Shorll

Any Class A20x-yy Noe Monthly Interes Shortal, Class B20%x-yy Note Monthly
Interest Shonfall, Class C20wx-yy Note Monthly Interest Shortfall, Class A20xac3y
Monthly Hedging Net Shortfal, Class B20xx-yy Monthly Hedging Net Shortfall or
Class C20xx-yy Monthly Hedging Net Shortal shall be added to hc amounts to be

100


49.

(6 retined on the Interest Account on th next Monthly Payment Dates) up to the
exi Payment Date (excluded) or () allocated on the next Monthly Payment Date
which is Payment Date for such Note Serios,

For the avoidance of doubt, failure to cure any interest ndíor hedging retention
shortall on the next Monthly Payment Dates) (up to the applicable Payment Date
(excluded)) shall not trigger, as such, any accelration or event of default undor the
Nos. Any interest andior hedging etention shortll which has not been cured on
the applicable Payment Dat shall, on such Payment Date, constitute an arrear and, il
such arar afets the Class A Notes o any Noto Seris or, iFihe Class A Notes of all
Note Series have ben redecmed in full, th Class 13 Notes of any Note Seres, it shall
be an Accelersted Amonisation Exent pursuant to paragraph (D)6) of section 3.1.3 of
the Additional Building Block (subject o any applicable remody period)

1, on any Payment Date, ihe Management Company determines that there is an
excess of interest andior hdging amounts recorded to the Interest Distribution Ledger
in respect of a specific Class of Notes of a Relevant Note Series, the Management
Company shall debito Interest Distribution Ledger in the amount o such excess on.
such Payment Date and such excess shall constitute Available Interest Amount hat
can be used by the Fund for payment of interes and/or hedging amounts due under
her Note Series

4884. Distributions

On cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme
Amorisaion Period, the Available Interst Amount and the Available Principal Amount,
together with tho General Reserve under cetin condisios, shall be applicd in making the
payments refered to in the Interest Priority of Payments and Principal Priority of Payments.

Prior to cach Monhiy Payment Date, the Management Company shall make the relevant
calculations and determinations in connection with ach Priority of Payments

On cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Accelorated Amortisaion Period, hc
Avsilable Distribution Amownt shall be applicd in making the payments referred lo in the
Accclorated Priority of Payments

489. Calculation Agent
The calulation agent in respect ofthe Notes shall be the Management Company.
Maturity Date and redemption of he securitics

49.1. Notes Final Legal Maturity Date

Unless previously redeemed or cancelled as provided for below, the Notes of any Nate Series
vvil be redeomed at thcir Principal Amount Outstanding on a Payment Date bcing the Notes

1os


Final Legal Maturity Date of such Notes Soris (as specified in the applicable Issuing.
Document and subject to the relevant Modiñid Following Business Day Convention) in
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments (he Notes Final Legal Maturity Date)

Any par of hc nominal value o any Class of Notes of any Nate Series or of he interest due
on thercon which may remain unpaid shall bo automatically cancelled añr the applicable
Notes Final Legal Maturity Date, so that tho Note Series Noteholders, aer such date, shall
have no rightto assrt claim in this respoct against the Fund, regardlss of ho amounts
which may remain unpaid ar thcir Notes Final Legal Maturty Date.

492. Redemption of he Notes
49.21. — Note Series Revolving Period

During any Note Serics Revolving Period with respcet to any given Note Serios, the holders
of he Notes ofsuch Note Series will only reccive payments of interest on their Notes on cach
Payment Date in accordance with the Interest Priority of Payments and wil not receive any
principal payment

The Noto Series Revolving Period oa given Note Serios sall start on the applicable Isue
Date (included) and shall torminato on the Amortisaion Starting Date (excluded) of such
Nox Series.

For these purposes, Amortisation Starting Date or Note Series 20xx-yy Amortisation
¡Starting Date mcans, with respeto any outstanding Note Sers, hc crlicr ofth following
datos

(a) — the applicable Scheduled Amortisation Starting Date; and

(0) the Monthly Payment Date immedistly following the occurrence of a Revolving
Terminstion Event oran Accclerated Amortsation Event

49:22. Note Series Amortistion Period!

On cach Payment Dato within hc Note Series Amortisation Period, the holders of the Notes
df such Noto Series shall receive intrest and principal payments on cach Payment Date in
“accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.

Dating the Programme Amonisation Period or the Programme Accelerated Amortisation
Period of the Fund all outstanding Note Serics shall be in their Note Series Amortiston.
Period irrespectivo of thcir respectivo Schcduled Amortisation Staing Date and thcir Note
Series 20xxeyy Call Dat).

The Note Series Amontsation Period of a given Note Series shall start on the applicable
Amortisaion Starting Date (included) and shall end on the caricr of (included) of () the
Payment Dat on which the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of such Note Series
vil be reduced to zero (0) (including following the exercise of he optional carlyredemption

106


"oy the Seller), (i) he Notes Final Legal Maturity Date o such Note Series and (ii hc Fund
Liquidation Date.

49... Programme Amortisation Period:
The Programme Amortisation Period mcans th period which will

(a) — starton the Monthly Payment Date inclusive) immediately following the occurrence
ata Revolving Termination Event

(6) end on the Monthly Payment Date immediately following the occurrence of an
Accclrated Amontiation Event

During the Programme Amortiation Period, the Class A Notes, Class 3 Notes and Class €
Notes of all Note Series shall bo subjet o a mandatory redemption on cach Payment Dat in
an amount equal to the applicable Class A Notes Mombly Amonisation Amount, the
applicable Class B Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount and the applicable

Monthly Amortsation Amount, respectively, in accordance with the applicable Priority of
Payments.

lass C Notes

49.4. Programme Accelerated Amortisaion Period!
The Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period mcans the period which will star om hc
Monthly Payment Date (inclusive) following the date on which an Accelerated Amortisation

Event occurs and end on the caricr o

(a) — the Monthly Payment Date on which all Notes are redeemod inf

(0) the Fund Liquidation Date.

Daring the Programme Accelerated Amortsation Period, all Class A Notes, Class B Notes
“and Class C Notes oPall Note Sercs shall be subject to mandatory amortisation in an amount
qual o the applicable Class A Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount the applicable Class
Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount ad the applicable Class Notes Monthly Amortisation
Amount,

In any case, during the Programme Acceleated Amortsation Period () no payment on the
Class B Notes of any Noto Series shall bo mado for o long as the Class A Notes oPall Note
Serie have not been redcemed in full and () no payment on the Class C Notes of any Note
Seris shall be mado for so long as the Class A Notes and the Class 8 Notes oPall Note Serios
have mot been edema in fal.

(Ones the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Class A Notes and all Class A Notes Monthly
Interest Amownt of all Note Series have been repaid in all

107


(a) — the Class Notes Monhiy Interest Amount shall be paid to the extent of the
Available Distribution Amount on cach Monthly Payment Date in accordance with
the applicable Priority of Payments and

(6) the Class Notes of any Note Serics shall e redoemed on  pari passu basis and pro
rata to the ten Principal Amount Outstanding of such Class E Notes imespestive of
Aci respective Issue Dates and Nate Series

Funthcrmore, once the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Clas A Notes, all Clas A Notes
Monthly Interest Amount of ll Note Series and the Principal Amount Outstanding of all
Class B Notes and all Clas B3 Notes Monthly Interest Amount of ll Note Seris have been
paid fal:

(a) the Class C Notes Interest Amount shall bo repaid to the xtent of Ahe Available
Distribution Amount on cuch Monthly Payment Date in accordance with the
applicable Priority of Payments and

(0) the Class C Notes of any Note Series shall o redcemed on a pari passu and pro rata
o the then Principal Amount Outstanding of such Class C Notes imespectve of their
respective Isue Datos and Note Seres

495. Optional Early Redemption.

The exercise of an optional redemption by the Seller in accordance with provisions in sub-
sections Note Series 2006-39 Call Date(s) and Note Seres 20xx-3y Clean-Up Call Date below
shall constite an Optional Early Redemption Event (cach an Optional Early Redemption
Event).

Note Series 20%%33 Call Date(s)

If one or several Note Series 20xx-yy Call Dates) isare speciicd in the relevant Issuing.
Document, a cas nincty (90) calendar days prior to any scheduled Note Series 20xx-yy Call
Date (as respectively specified in the relevant Issuing Documen) in relation to a Note Serios,
he Management Company (acting in the name of the Fund) will deliver to the Solera wen
úotificaion in rlstion to the optional carly redemption of such Note Series.

If ho Seller does no give any writen instruction to the Management Company thiny (30)
calendar days añer recciving from the Management Company a writen notificaion, hc
Management Company shall reitrate such written notiiation no later than sixty (60)
calendar days prior o any scheduled Note Series 20xx-y Call Date.

If the Seller has clected to have an cary redemplion of such Note Seris and gives is write
instruction to the Management Company within at least thity (30) calendar days before any
aplicable Note Series 20:x-yy Call Date (cach, a Seller's Optional Early Redemption
Written Instruction), subject to the falfilment of the Note Series 2Oxxyy Call Date
Conditions, the Fund shall redecm the corresponding Note Series (including. for the

108


avoidance of doubt, all Class A Notes andíor Class E Notes andíor Class C Notes of such
Noxe Series which remain outstanding at such date) in an amount cqual to the aplicable Note
Series 20xx-y Call Amount on any ofsuch applicable Not Series 20xx-yy Call Date.

For hese purposes Note Series 20xx-yy Call Amount mcans, on a Monthly Payment Date
and with respect to any Note Series2Uxx-3y, an amount equal to 1he positive difrence
between:

(a) — the Principal Amount Oststanding of such Note Series 20xx-yy on such Monthly
Payment Date;

(6) theaggregatcof:
6) the Note Series 20xx-yy Available Amortisaton Amount with respect to such
Monthly Payment Date (subi! its a Payment Date for ihe Note Series); and

Gi) any principal amounts recorded on the Principal Distribution Ledger with

espect to the Class of Notes of such Note SeriesZbx-yy until the next
Payment Date (áfany).

In addition, not less than fficen (15) calendar days prior to the applicable Note Series 20%
yy Call Date he Management Company shall:

(a) provided that he Notes of the Notes Seris to be redeemed are listed in ALAF,
publish a relevant notice (hecho relevante) with the CNMV and a notice on lts
website (www.imttulizacion com) and in the ALAP Daily Bulletin;

(6) provided that he Notes o the Notes Serics to be redeemed ar listed in MARE,
publish a notice on its website (www.imtitulizacion com) and in the MARF Daily
Ballein;

(e) provided that the Notes of the Notes Soros to be redcemd ao listed in any other
regulated or unregulate, publish a notice on ls website (www.imttulizacion.com)
and in any oler relevant mean s required by such regulated or unregulated market;

(Y provided that the Notes of the Notes Series to be redecmd aro not listed, publish a
notice on ts website (www imtiulizacion.com);

hereby the holders of he Notes oa Noto Series which s subjctto a Note Series 20xx-yy
Call Date shall e informed on th intended excrcis oS the optional redemption af any Note
Serios by the Fund subject o hc fulfilment oh Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date Conditions

In adáitin, provided that any other above markets ae substitted or replaced in the future or
he rules applicable to the communication of he intended exercise of the optional redemption
of any Note Seris by the Fund vary during the lie o lhe Fund, the Management Company
shall comply with any such requirements so as to ensure that ho relevant holders of the Notes


“a a Note Series which is subject to Note Series 20xx-py Call Dat are duly informed of ho
intended exercise of such optional redempion.

Any such notice shall lso be eferred to in he Iavestor Report which shall be published on
he website of the Management Company before the applicable Note Series 20xayy Call
Date.

Funhicrmore, the Mansgement Company shall immediately notify the relevant Hodging
Counterpatcs of the sam and of the applicable Note Seics 20xx-yy Call Date.

For the avoidance of doult, if the Seller has not cleted to exercise its option on any
scheduled Note Series 204x-yy Call Date, the Seller shall remain cntiled to exerciso such
option on any next following Note Series 20xx-yy Call Dates (ifand as respectively st ut in
he spplicableIsuing Document).

The exercise oh optional redemption o any Note Seris by the Fund, represented by the
Management Company, shall any take place during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortisation Period if following conditions are met (the Note Series 20xx-yy
Call Date Conditions)

(a) — the Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is not in debit on the Calculation Date
proceding the Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date añce the application of the Interes
Priority of Payments;

(6) the prior Sellers Opticnal Early Redemption Writen Instruction has bocn given by
he Seller to the Management Company within at last hiny (30) calendar days
before any applicable Note Series 20x-yy Call Date indicating

6) itsimtetionto exercise ts option; and.

(Gi) the mean by which such redemption has to be istrumented (according to the
various options described in point (c) below; and

(<) the Fundis able pay Uhe relevant cary redemption amounts (as well as any amount
ranking prior thereto or par pass therewith) by means of:

6) during the Programme Revolving Period, th issuanos of a now Note Serios
to be subscribed fr by any Class A Notes Subscribers, any Class B Notes
Subscribers and any Class C Notes Subscribers provided hat such new Notes
Series are mat terminated in accordance with section 447.1 of the
Registration Document; ando

Gi) during the Programme Revolving Period, hc drawdown of the Seller Interest

Credit Facility to be credited to the Principal Account at Icast on the
comresponding Setlemen Date; and/or

1o


(Gi) during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortiation
Period he exercise by the Seller of ts option to repurchase certain Purchased
Rescivables as so ut with section 331.12 of the Additional Building Block.

Subjest to the satisfaction of the Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date Conditions, on the
Setlement Date prior to the Payment Date, the Management Company shall confirm
he proposed carly optional redemption to the Noteholders in respect of the Notes to
e redeemed pursuant to the relevant Priority of Payments.

Note Series 20%:-33 Clean-Up Call Date
1

(a) — no Note Seris 20%x-yy Call Date is specific in he applicable ssuing Document in
relation to a given Noto Series; or

(6) a Note Series 20xx3y Call Date is specific in hc applicable Issuing Document in
1 t0 given Note Series but such option has not ben exercised by the Seller in
accordance with the provision above,

he Management Company (acting in hc name of the Fund) shall (iso directed by tho
Seller), on any Note Series 20%x-yy Clean-Up Call Date on which the Notes Series 20x1-3y
Clcan-Up Call Condition is satisfied, redcem such Note Series in an amount cqual 0 Aho
applicable Note Series 20xx-yy Clcan-Up Call Amount

For these purposes, Note Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Amount nucans, on a Monthly
Payment Date and in respect of the Note Serics 20xx-y3, an amount cquel o the positive
difirence betwcen:

(2) the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note Seres 20xxc3y on the immediately
proceding Payment Date: and.

(6) theaggregatcof:

6) the Note Series 20xx-yy Available Amortisation Amount with respect to such
Payment Date; and

Gi) any principal amounts recorded on the Principal Distribution Ledger with

respecto th Class af Notes of such Note Seics until the next Payment Date
Grany,

If the Seller has clected to have an carly redemption of such Note Series and gives the
relevant Sellers Optional Early Redemption Writen Instruction to the Management Company
vih a least hirty (30) calendar days before the applicable Note Series 20:x-yy Clcan-Up
Call Date, subjest to the fulilment of the Note Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Condition, he
Fund shall redeem the corresponding Note Seris (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all

mí


Class A Notes andior Class 13 Notes andlor Class C Notes of such Noto Series which remain
úutstanding at such date) on any af such applicable Note Series 20xx-yy Clean:Up Call Date

In addition, nt less than fficen (15) calendar days prior to the applicable Note Series 20x10-
yy Clean-Up Call Date, the Management Company shall:

(a) provided that he Notes of the Notes Seris to be redcemed are listed in ALAF,
publish a relevant notice (hecho relevante) with the CNMV and a notice on its
website (www.imtitulizacion com) and in the ALAP Daily Bulletin;

(6) provided that he Notes o the Notes Serics to be redeemed ar listed in MARE,
publish a notice on its website (www.imtitulizacion com) and in the MARF Daily
Ballein;

(e) provided that the Notes of the Notes Soros to be redcemd ao listed in any other
regulated or unregulate, publish a notice on ls website (www.imttulizacion.com)
and in any oler relevant mean s required by such regulated or unregulated market;

(Y provided that the Notes of the Notes Series to be redecmd aro not listed, publish a
notice on ts website (www imtiulizacion.com);

hereby the holders of he Notes oa Noto Series which s subictto a Note Series 20xx-py
Clcan-Up Call Date shall be informed on the intended exercise of the optional redemption of
any Note Seres by the Fund subject to th fulfilmcnt of the Note Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up
Cal Condition.

In adáitio, provided that any other above marks ac substitued o replaced in the future or
heras applicable to the communication of Abe intended exercise of the optional redemption
of any Note Seris by the Fund vary during the lie o lhe Fund, the Management Company
shall comply with any such requirements so as to ensure that ho relevant holders of the Notes
df a Note Series which is sujet to a Note Series 20xx3y Clean-Up Call Date are duly
informed of the intended cxorciso of such optional redemptio.

Any such notice shall lso be eferred to in he Investor Report which shall be published on
hc website of the Management Company before the applicable Note Series 20wx-yy Clean
Up Call Dat.

Funticrmore, the Mansgement Company shall immediately notify the relevant Hodging
Counterpartcs of the same and of the aplicable Note Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Dat,

For he avoidance of doubt, the Seller has not clected1o exercise its option on any Note

Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Date he Seller shall remain entitled to exercise such option on
any next following Payment Date.

1


For these purposes, Note Series 203x-4y Clean-Up Call Condition means, on any Payment
Date during the Programme Revolving Period and Programme Amotisation Period and in

respect oPany Note Series 2011

0)

ol

(o

0

the conditiom that is satisfied 1

he Seller has notified (cach, a Sellers Optional Early Redemption Written
Instruction) the Management Company a cas thiy (30) calendar days before such
Payment Date of:

6) itsimtetionto exercise ts option; and.

(Gi) the mean by which such redemplion has to be istrumented (according to the
various options described in pont () below; and.

he Fund is able 1 pay th relevant carlyredemplion amounts(as well as any amount
ranking prior thecto or par passutherewith) by means of:

6) during the Programme Revolving Period, th issuanos of a now Note Serios
to be subscribed fr by any Class A Notes Subscribers, any Class B Notes
Subscribers and any Class C Notes Subscribers provided hat such new Notes
Series are mat terminated in accordance with section 447.1 of the
Registration Document; ando

Gi) during the Programme Revolving Period hc drawdown of the Seller Interest
Credit Facility to be credited to the Principal Account at Icast on the
Setlement Date roceding such Payment Date; and/or

(Gi) during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortiation
Period he exercise by the Seller of ts option to repurchase certain Purchased
Rescivables as so ut with section 331.12 of the Additional Building Block.

on the immediately preceding Monthly Payment Date the Principal Amount
Outstanding one Note Series 20xx-yy was less than

6) 10 percent. ofthe Note Seres 20%x-yy Initial Principal Amount; or
Gi) the Iiial Pincipal Amount ofthe Class C20xx-3y Notes; aná

he Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is not in debit on the Calcul
proceding the Nate Series 20xx-yy Clean Up Call Date añr the app
Interest Priority of Payments.

m


49.6. Calculation of Class A Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount, Class 8 Notes
Monthly Amortisation Amount, Class C Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount
“and Principal Amount Outstanding

On any Payment Dato, the Principal Amount Outstanding of any Notes of any Note Series
shall be equal to th Initial Principal Amount of such Notes less the aggregate of all amount
redeemed or reduced in respect of cach Notes prior o such dat and on such Payment Dat,

The Class A Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount, the Class B Notes Monthly Amortsaion
Amount and the Class C Notes Monthly Amortiarion Amount shall be calculated by tho
Management Company.

ote Series Amortisation Period

As from the occurrence ol he Amortisaton Starting Date with respect to any given Note
Series and during the Note Series Amonisation Period of such Note Seics and prior to each.
Monthly Payment Dat, the Management Company shall determine:

() tha

ble Amoriation Amount with respecto such Monthly Payment Date;

(0) the Class A20x<3y Notes Monthly Amortsation Amount with respect to the Class
Al0xacyy Notes of such Note Series on such Monthly Payment Date:

(c) the Class B20xx3y Notes Monthly Amortisaion Amount with respect to the Class
B20wx-yy Notes of such Nate Seres on such Monthly Payment Dat;

(4) the Class C20xx3y Notes Monthly Amortisaion Amount with respect to the Class
C20xx-yy Notes af such Note Serie on such Monthly Payment Date

(e) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class AZ0wyy Notes of such Note Series
on such Monthly Payment Date;

(0 the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B20xx-3y Notes af such Note Series
on such Monthly Payment Dat; and

(E) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class C20xx-3y Notes af such Note Series
on such Monthly Payment Date;

For bese purposes

Amortisation Starting Date or Note Series 20xx-yy Amortisation Sta
with respect to any outstanding Note Seres, the carlicrofthe following dates

(a) — the applicable Scheduled Amortisation Starting Date; and

(0) the Monthly Payment Date immedistly following the occurrence of a Revolving
Terminstion Event oran Accclerated Amortsation Event

mm


Scheduled Amortiation Starting Date or Note Series 20xx-yy Scheduled Amortisation
¡Starting Date means, wih respect o any Noto Series, the Monthly Payment Date om which
he Notes af such Note Serics shall start amortising on cach applicable Payment Date. The
Seheduled Amonisation Stating Date shall be spociicd in th applicable Issuing Document
for the Class A Notes, he Class B Notes and the Class C Notes

Programme Revolsing Period and Programme Amortsarion Period

Dating th Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amontisation Period and prior
to cach Monthly Payment Date, the Management Company shall determine:

() tha

ble Amoriation Amount with respecto such Monthly Payment Date;

(6) the Class A Notes Momhly Amortisation Amount on such Monthly Payment Date;
(<) the Class B Notes Monhly Amorisation Amount on such Monthly Payment Date;
(4) the Class C Notes Monhly Amoriation Amount on such Monthly Payment Date;

(e) — the Principal Amount Outstanding of cach Class AZbxx-yy Notes on such Monthly
Payment Date;

(0 the Principal Amount Outstanding of cach Class B20xx-yy Notes on such Monthly
Payment Date; and

(E) the Principal Amount Outstanding of cach Class C20xx-yy Notes on such Monthly
Payment Date.

Programme Accelerated Amortsaron Period

Dating the Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period and prior to cach Monthly Payment
Date, the Management Company shall determine

() tha

ble Amoriation Amount with respecto such Monthly Payment Date;

(6) — cach Class AZOxcyy Notes Momhly Amortisation Amount on such Monthly
Payment Date;

(c) — cach Class B20xx-yy Notes Momhiy Amortistion Amount on such Monthly
Payment Date;

(4) — cach Class C2Oxx-yy Notes Momhiy Amortistion Amount on such Monthly
Payment Date;

(e) — the Principal Amount Outstanding of cach Class AZbxx-yy Notes on such Monthly
Payment Date;


(0 the Principal Amount Outstanding of cach Class B20xx-yy Notes on such Monthly
Payment Date; and

(E). the Principal Amount Outstanding of cach Class C20xx-yy Notes on such Monthly
Payment Date.

The Management Company will causo cuch determination of the Class AZUxxyy Notes
Monthly Amonisation Amount, the Class B20x-yy Notes Monthly Amontsation Amount,
Class C20xx-yy Notes Momhly Amortisation Amount and Principal Amount Outstanding of
he Class A Noles, the Class B Notes or the Class C Notes to be notified in writing fortnwvit
to the Paying Agent, the Issucr Accounts Bank and, for so long as any Class A Notes, Class B
Noues and Class C Notes of any Noto Series are admitted to trading, to ALAF, MARF or any
«herregulated or unregulated markct and will cause notice of cach determination of the Class
Al0xxyy Notes Monthly Amorisation Amount, the Class B20xx3y Notes Monthly
Amorisaion Amount, the Class C20xx-yy Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount and
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes, Class Notes or Class C Notes to be
given to the relevant Note Serics Noteholders in accordance with section 41.33 of the
Additional Building Block a soon as reasonably practicable

For bese purposes

Available Amortisation Amount means, on cach Monthly Payment Date during tho
Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortsation Period, an amount qual to
he aggregat of

(2) the Available Principal Collections with respect to the Collection Period immediately
preceding such Monthly Payment Dat;

(0) the morts standing o the credit of the Principal Account as of the close of Abe
immediately preceding Monthly Payment Date (añ the app
Priority of Paymens), but excluding any amountsretined on the Principal Account
and recorded on the Principal Distribution Ledger for the purpose of payment on any
subsequent Monthly Payment Dato(s):

tion of he relevant

(c) the Seller Diluions (ifany) paid on or prior to the Calcuation Date by the Seller to
e Fund in accordance with section 3.3.1.10 0 the Additional Building Block:

(é) the portion of the Aggregate Repurchase Price which cortesponds to the Outstanding
Principal Balances of the Repurehased Reccivables with respect to Client Accounts
«her than Defuuiled Client Accounts in respcet of a Repurchase Date immediately
preceding such MomhIy Payment Date

(e) the PDL Cure Amounts credited on such Mombhly Payment Dat to the Principal
Account by debit of uh Interest Account in accordance with he Interest Priority of
Payments;

mm


(0 the Unapplicd Revolving Amount standing at he credit of the Revolving Account on
the preceding Monthly Payment Date (añ he application of the relevant Priority of
Payments) and.

(2) minus, as the case may be, the amount credito to 1h Interest Account puesuant to
item (1) of the Principal Priority of Payments on such Monthly Payment Date

Note Series 20xx-yy Available Amortisation Amount mcans, during the Programme
Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisaion Period:

(a) with respect to any Calculation Date falling before the Calculaion Date immediately
proceding ts Amontsation Starting Date: zero (0); and

(0) with respect to any Calculaion Date falling on or añcr the Calculation Date
immediately preceding is Amortiation Starting Dat, the product between:

6) the Note Series 20%: Principal Ratio o such Calculation Date; and!

Gi) the Available Amortistion Amount on such Calculaion Date

Note Series 20xx-3y Total Available Amortisation Amount mesns, on any Calculation
Date during the Programme Revolving Period nd the Programme Amortis
respect of a Note Series 201x-yy, the sum of!

jon Period and in

(a) the Note Series 20xx-yy Available Amortisaion Amount oP such Noto Series 20xx-

yo:and
(6) following the occurrence of an Optional Early Redemption Event:
6) the Note Series 20%3:-yy Call Amount of such Note Serios 201-335 or

Gi) the Note Series 20%x-yy Clean-Up Call Amount of such Note Series 20xxy

Note Series 20xx-yy Principal Ratio” means, on cach Calculation Date, with respeto any
outstanding Note Seris, the percentage equal to (which percentago sh
percent,

over excced 100

(2) — during Programme Revolving Period:

6) he NoteSeries 20xx3y

Principal Amownt; divided by

Gi) the aggregate ofthe Nate Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounts oPall the
hen outstanding Note Serics mulliplicd by the sum of () 1 and (li) the
Resuired Seller Share; and

(6) during Programme Amortisaion Period:
6) the Note Series 20%3-yy Initial Principal Amount; divided by

ur


0)

hc aggregate of he Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounts of all he
ten outstanding Note Series.

The sum ofall Note Serios 20x1-yy Principal Ratios shall nover be greater than 100 per cen

Class A20xx3y Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount mcans with respect to the Class
Al0xxeyy Notes ofany Norte Series

0)

ol

vih respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amortistion Period which is nota Payment Date for such Class
Al0%xx yy Notes:

o

0)

vvith respect to any Monthly Payment Date falling before ts Note Series
20xx-yy Amontisation Sting Date (excluded), zero (0)

vvith respect to any Monthly Payment Date falling on or afr its Note Series

201x-3y Amortisation Starting Date, hc less between

(A) — the difference between (x) the Class A20wcyy Notes Principal
Amount Outstanding as of the close of the immediately preceding
Payment Date and (y) the pricipal amount retained on the Principal
Distribution Ledger for such Class AZUxx-yy Notes since the lat
Payment Date (if ny); and!

(8) the Note Series 20xx3y Total Available Amortisation Amount to be
paid by the Fund on such Monthly Payment Date;

vih respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amorisation Period which is a Payment Date for such Class
Al0x% yy Notes:

o

0)

vvith respect to any Monthly Payment Date falling before ts Note Series
20xx-yy Amontisation Starting Date (excluded), zero (0)

vvith respect to any Monthly Payment Date falling on or aer its Note Series
20%x-yy Amortistion Starting Date, hc aggregate of:

(A) the principal amoents retained on the Principal Distribution Ledger.
vvith respect to such Class AZOwx-yy Notes since the last Payment

Date (Fany) and

(8) the lesserbetucen:
- lie difference betwcen (x) the Class AZOxx3y Notes
Principal. Amount Outstanding as of the close of the
immediately preceding Payment Date and (y) the principal

“mou retained on th Principal Distribution Ledger for such

m3


(o

Class A20xacyy Notes since the last Payment Date (if any):
and

= le Note Series 20xx-yy Total Available Amortisation
Amount to be paid by the Fund on such Monhly Payment
Dat:

vvith respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated
Amortisaion Period, th aggregate of:

6) the Class A20x<yy Notes Principal Amount Ouistanding as of the close of
he immediately precoding MonhIy Payment Dato; and

OS

fest Monthly. Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated

Amorisation Period, any principal amounis retained on the Principal
Distribution Ledger with respoet to such Class A20xx-yy Notes since the last
Payment Date (ifany)

Class B20xx-yy Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount means with respect to the Class
B20wx-yy Notes of any Note Series:

0)

ol

vih respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amortistion Period which is nota Payment Date for such Class

B20wx-3y Notes

6) with respect to any Monihly Payment Dato falling before lis Note Series
20xx-yy Amontisation Sting Date (excluded), zero (0)

Gi) with respect to any Monthly Payment Date faling on or añer ts Note Serios
201x-3y Amortisation Starting Date, ho less between:

0)

e

he difference hetwcen (x) the Class B20xx3y Notes Principal
Amount Outstanding as of the close of the immediately preceding
Payment Date and (y) the principal amount retained on the Principal
Distribution Ledger for such Class B20xx3y Notes since the last
Payment Date (if ny); and!

he positive difference betwcen (x) the Note Series 20xx-3y Total
Avsilable Amonisation Amount to be paid by the Fund on such
Monthly Payment Date and (y) the Class AZ0wxc-yy Notes Monthly
Amorisation Amos on such Mombly Payment Date;

vih respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amorisation Period which is a Payment Date for such Class

B20wx-3y Notes:

1o


6) with respect to any Monihly Payment Dato falling before lis Note Series
20xx-yy Amontisation Sting Date (excluded), zero (0)

Gi) with respect to any Monthly Payment Date faling on or aer ts Note Serios
20%x-yy Amortistion Starting Date, hc aggregate of:

(A) the principal amoents retained on the Principal Distribution Ledger.
vvith respect o such Class B20xx-3y Notes since the last Payment
Date (Fany) and

(8) the lesserbetucen:

- e difference betwcen (x) the Class B20xx3y Notes
Principal. Amount Outstanding as of the close of the
immediately preceding Payment Dato and (y) the principal
“mount retained on th Principal Distribution Ledger for such
Class B20xx-yy Notes since the last Payment Date (any):
and

= ie positive difference between (x) the Note Series 20xx-3y
Total Available Amortisation Amount to be paid by the Fund
on such Monthly Payment Date and (y) the Class A20x1-3y
Notes Monthly Amoriation Amount on such Monthly
Payment Date;

(e) — with respest to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period:

6) once all Class A Notes have been fully redcemed or the remuining principal
amount due under such Class A Notes have been fully retuined om the
Principal Distribution Ledger, he aggregate of

(A) the Class B20xx3y Notes Principal Amount Outstanding as of the
lose of the immediately preceding Monthly Payment Dat; and

(8) — om the fest Monthly Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amortisaion Period, any principal amount retzined on ho Principal
Distribution Ledger with respect to such Class B20xx-yy Notes since
Abc last Payment Date any)

6) inany other case, zero (0)

Class C20xxyy Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount mcans with respect to the Class
C20xx-yy Notes of Note Serie:


0)

ol

vih respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amortistion Period which is nota Payment Date for such Class
Al0%xx yy Notes:

o

0)

vvith respect to any Monthly Payment Date falling before ts Note Series
20xx-yy Amontisation Sting Date (excluded), zero (0)

vvith respect to any Monthly Payment Date falling on or afr its Note Series
201x-3y Amortisation Starting Date, hc less between

0)

e

he difference between (x) the Class C20xxyy Notes Principal
Amount Outstanding as of the close of the immediately preceding
Payment Date and (y) the principal amount retained on the Principal
Distribution Ledger for such Class CZUxx3y Notes since the last
Payment Date (iy); and!

he positive difference betwcen (x) the Note Series 20xx-3y Total
Avsilable Amonisation Amount to be paid by the Fund on such
Monthly Payment Date and (y) the aggregate of the Class A20x1-yy
Notes Monthly Amortsation Amounts and the Class B20xx-3y Notes
Monthly Amortisaion Amount on such Monthly Payment Date;

vih respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amorisation Period which is a Payment Date for such Class
Al0x% yy Notes:

o

0)

vvith respect to any Monthly Payment Date falling before ts Note Series
20xx-yy Amontisation Sting Date (excluded), zero (0)

vvith respect to any Monthly Payment Date falling on or afer its Note Series
20%x-yy Amortistion Starting Dato, hc aggregate of:

0)

e

he principal amownis rotaincd on the Principal Distribution Ledger
vvith respect o such Class C20xx-3y Notes since the last Payment
Dase (Fany) and

Ae loser between:

- e difference betwcen (x) the Class C20xx3y Notes
Principal. Amount Outstanding as of the close of the
immediately preceding Payment Date and (y) the principal
“mou retained on th Principal Distribution Ledger for such
Class C20xx-yy Notes since the last Payment Date (any):
and

na


4.0.

= ie positive difference between (x) the Note Series 20xx-3y
Total Available Amortisation Amount to be paid by the Fund
“on such Monthly Payment Date and (y) the aggregate of the
Class A20xx-3y Notes Monthly Amortisrion Amounts and
the Class B20xx-yy Notes Monthly Amortisaion Amount on
such Momhly Payment Dat;

(e) — with respest to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period:

6) onceall Class A Notes and Class B Notes oPall Note Series have been fully
edecmed or th remaining principal amount due undr such
and Class B Notes have been fully retined on the Principal Distribution
Ledger, the aggregate of:

lss A Notes

(A) the Class C20xx3y Notes Principal Amount Outstanding as of the
lose of the immediately preceding Monthly Payment Dato

(8) — om the fest Monthly Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amortisaion Period, any principal amounts recorded on th Principal
Distribution Ledger with respost to such Class C20xx-yy Notes since
the last Payment Date Fany),

6) inany aercase,2ro (0.
497. No Other Redemption

he Fund shall not be enla to redecm the Notes oherwis than s provided in ts section
495.. Purchase by the Fund

he Fund sal no, atany time, purchase or otherwise acquie any Notes

493. Cancellation

A Notes which a redccmed hy th Fund pursuant to this section 4.9 will e cancelld by

he Paying Agent and accordingly will mot be reissucd or resold and the obligaions of the
Fund in espect of any such Notes shall e discharged,

Indication of the yield

No assurance can be made of the amount of payments hat will be made on the Notes on cat.
Payment Date because that amount vil depend on the amount of payments received on the
Rescivables during the preceding Collection Perid.

The average life, duration, yild 10 maturty, term, stimated matuity dae, and any other
metrc of he Notes n goncral cannot be predicted with any crtiny, as a number of other

e


factors on which hey rely are unknown. The most significant unknown factors upon which
payment of the Notes depend are (1) collections under the Reccivables and changes in ho
reccivables payment terms, () change af Notes Series Inrest Rate (floating Interest Rate

in full orn par, the Reccivabls, (14)
payment ate o hc Reccivables,(v) availability of Reccivables cigible for purchase, (vi ho
fault rates of the Borrowers (vi) the exercise by the Seller o any crly redemption option,

Noke Series), (ii) capacity o the Borrowers to prep

and (vi) the occurrence of an Eary Liquidation Event, a Revolving Termination Event oran
Accclrated Amontiation Event

Notwitistanding the above, stimations of the actual interest and principal payable to a
subscriber who acquirs the Notes of Notes Seris, will be indicated by way of example in
he corresponding Issuing Document, along with estimations of the average life, yield to
maturity, duration, and estimated maturity dote of such Notes which will be calculated using
ecrain information, hypothcss and assumptions, amongst others

(2) the Disbursement Date of the Note Seris 20xx395
(6) the Seheduled Amonisaion Starting Date:

(c) forte purposes of this section the cut-of ate will be specfid, as the Fund relevant
Cut-O4f Date prior to the issuance of such Notes (with explicit indication of such
date), except for the Notes issued on the Fund Incorporaion Date which vil e the
15" March 2017 corresponding o tho reference date of he Audited Portfolio;

(d) that on the Disbursement Date of the Note Seris 20xx-y), the Outstanding Principal
Balances of the Parehased Reccivables is equal to the Minimum Portfolio Amount as
af such date, Now Reccivables are purchased (f required) in orde to maintain such
Minimum Portfolio Amount until the Scheduled Amortisaion Staring Date of the
Noa Series Z0xyy3

(6) — that the composition and the amortisation profile of the portfolio of the Purchased
Reccivables (and hc new Reccivables purchased during the Note Seres Revolving
Period of tn outstanding Note Series) is similar to the composition and amortisaion
profile of he performing porfoio s at he cut-of? date prior to the issuance of such
Notes;

(0) no mew issuance of funbher Note Series occurs (however for calculation purposes,
previously issued and outstanding Notes Sercs are considered);

(E) the Seller docs not repurchaso any Reccivables purchased by the Fund;

(6) the rate of defaults on the Reccivables will be specifid in the comesponding Issuing
Document;

1


412

6) interest payments on the Reccivabloswil bo reccived, ifany ate applicable interest
rate offered by SFC as the cutofT date, No adjustment of the applicable interest rate
under the Revolving Credit Agreement s offered by SEC;

6) the Fund excess margin remains suficient to cover al dfaulted amount;

0%) principal payments and prepayments on th Reccivablos will be received, ¡fany, al
he relevant constant monthly principal payment rate (the MPPR) specified in the
corresponding Issuing Document;

U) the calculation of the wcighted average life (ín years) is calculated on
an Actual Actual basis;

(1) the Note Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Conditions will not be considere applicable;
(2) one ofthe Fund Liquidation Events are considered applicable;

(0). paymentof principal and interes due and payable under the Notes vil be rescived on
he 26th day ocach relevant Note Serios Payment Date;

(9) zero percentinvestment retum is corncd on the Issuer Accounts

(6) no Revolving Termination Event has occurred;

(6) no Accelerted Amortisaion Event has occured;
(6) ivis mot necessary to use the Commingling Reserve or the General Reserve,

These cstimates will have coran inherent
such estimates are accurate, that

imittions. No representatios will be made tha
.sumptions relating to such esimates have been
berealised

considered or stated or that such estimate

Representation of the Noteholders

le 26 of Law 5/2015,
shall ct with utmost diligence and transparcncy in defence of the best interests of the

The Management Company, in accordance with the provsions o art

Notcholders and the funders of he Fund. Consequently, the Management Company must
subondinate lts action to safeguarding the interests of he holders of the Notes isucd by the
Fund aná the funders of the Fund.

No mesting of Noteholders and funders of the Fund shall be established in the Decd of
Incorporation ofthe Fund.

Resolutions, authorizations, and approvals for the Notes Series
4121. Corporate resolutions
4.2.1.1. Resolution to sell ne Reccivables

pe


Ata mesting held on 17 Jun 2016, as supplemented on 7 March 2017, the Board of Directors
af the Seller approved the entry into af the Programme and ts relevant Programme
Documents and the ale of the Reccivables to the Fund, which was also approved by the
shareholdes mesting 06 the Seller at a mesting held on 15 September 2016 for the purposes
of article 1G0(9) of he Capital Companies Law

41212. Resolution to incorporate the Fund, acquire the Reccivablos and issue of
suecessive Notes Series

The resoltions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Management Company on 24
Jamary 2017 approved to (6) incorporate the Fund, () acquie the Reccivables to be pooled

in the Fund, () issue af successivo Notes Series and (dv) appoint Mazars as the Auditor of
te Fund,
4.122. Registration by the CNMV

The incomporaion of the Fund and the establishment of the Programme are subjet o the
prerequiste of this Base Prospectus being registered at th Official Register of he CNMV,
ursuant to the provisions o article 22.1) of Law 5/2015.

This Base Prospectus has been registered by the CNMV in ts Official Register on 6 Apail
2007.

4.123. Granting of he Deed of Incorporation of the Fund

Once the CNMV has registered this Base Prospectus,(i) the Management Company and the
Seller will exccute the Decd of Incorporation of the Fund (dai in Spanish language) and!
(úl) he Management Company and the Seller will execute the Master Reccivables Sale and
Purchase Agreement by vinue of which the Seller will assgn ho Reccivables o the Fund.

The Management Company declaes that the contents of the Decd of Incorporation will be
fully consistent the provisions the dra! Deed of Incorporation filed with ho CNMV. Under
o circumstances will the terms of the Decd of Incorporation contradi, modif, alter or
render mul and void the contents of this Base Prospectus. The Deck of Incorporatin will be
exccuted on the Fund Incomporation Date.

Its expected that the execution of the Deed of Incorporation, and thus the Fund Incorporation
Date, will be 7 April 2017.

A copy of the Deed of Incorporatin will be sent 10 the CNMV for ts registration in ho
Oficial Register

4124. Issuing Document

The incorporation af the Notes of the successive Notes Series vil e instrumented through
the relevant Isuing Document according to the paragraphs below, depending on whether the


Nokos vil be listed or unlistd, the type of market (regulated or untegulated) and the form of
hc ts (bookcentry or physical ie)

(a) — provided that the Notes of the Notes Series are intended for listing in AJAF, an
riginal of cach Final Terms vil bc sent to () he CNMV and ALAF for its admission
to listing on or aer the Issue Date of th corresponding Notes Serios and (i)t the
CNMV and IBERCLEAR for the purposes of registration as book-<ntics;

(0) provided that the Notes of the Notes Series are intended for listing in MARE, an
original of cach Terms and Conditis (1erminos y condiciones or documento privado,
e emisión) will be sent to (6) MARE for ts admission to listing on orar th Issue
Date of he corresponding Notes Series ad (i) o lhe CNMV and IBERCLEAR for
he purposes of registration a book-entries;

(e) provided that tho Notes of 1he Notes Series are intended for listing in any other
regulatod market, an original of cach Final Terms will be sen to (the CNMV and
he respectivo regulated market, for is admision o listing on or añr he Issue Date
of the corresponding Notes Sers, and () to the CNMV and IBERCLEAR for the
purposes of registration as book-entics;

(e) provided that tho Notes of the Notes Series are intended for listing in any other
unregulated market, an original of cach Terms and Conditions (terminos y
«condiciones or documento privado de emisión) as may be required by such market
vil be sent to (5) such unregulated market's governing body for its admission to
listing on or añer the Issue Date of he corresponding Nos Serios, and () to the
CNMV and IBERCLEAR for the purposes of registration as book-entics;

(e) provided tt the Notes of the Notes Serie are not intended for listing if roprosemted
in boolcentics an original of the relevant Deed of Issue (escritura de emisión) and
solely for he purposes of registration as bool-entris, o Iho CNMV and thc relevant
Financial instittion ppointd by the Management Company to cary out th relevant
book-cntry registry on or ar the Issue Date of the corresponding Notes Series; and

(0) provided tt the Notes of the Notes Series are not intended for listing 4 roprosented
in physical ties, th relevant Dosd of sue exccuted by the management Company,
for and on bhallof lc Fund, will not require of any communication to the CNMV or.
any tir partos

For bese purposes

Issuing Document mcans cach document exccuted by ho Management Company, for and on
behalf of the Fund, whcreby the issuance of Notes ol he succesive Notes Series will bo
instrumented, including, cach Final Terms, cach Terms and Conditions and cach Decd of
Josue

ne


Final Terms means the final terms which will b prepared by th Management Company in
rele

¡ono he issue o any Class A Notes, Class 3 Notes and any Class C Notes to be listed in
ALAF or in any other regulated market, substat
df Final Temas”.

in th form set out in Schedule 2 “Form

“Terms and Conditions means the terms and conditions (terminos y condiciones or
documento privado de emisión) which wil be prepared by the Management Company in
rele

jon 0 he issue o any Class A Notes, Clas 3 Notes and any Class C Notes to be listed in
MARE or in any other unegulated market, Each Terms and Conditions shall include, muars
uan the information included in Schedule 2 “Form of Final Terms”.

Deed of Issue mcans the relevant deed of issue (escritura de emisión) in relation o the issue
of any unistod Class A Notes, Class 3 Notes and any Class C Notes. Each Deed of Issue
shall include, musatis mutandi, ts information included in Schedule 2
Tem.

Jorm of Final

4125, Registr

of prospectus renewals. Supplements to the Base Prospectus.

This Base Prospectus will be in force for amintial period of twclve (12) months from the date
af registration of ho Base Prospectus (subjee to the publication of the relevant Prospectas
Supplements to this Base Prospectus) and will he renewed cach ycar during th life of the
Fund

In accordance wih aticle 22 of Royal Decres 1310/2005, the Fund shall also publish
Prospectus Supplements in reation to any information which is capable of affecting the
assessment of the Notes of the relevant Note Series issued by the Fund and which ás not
known as of the date of he Base Prospectus or any of is renewals (without limi

information on any new risk factors, the determination of Uhe required levels for certain
variables (as set ut in th following paragraph), andor updated information on the portfolio
af Reccivables)

In particular, changos to tbe following variables or magnitudes will require the publication o
a Supplement to the Base Drospectus unless they are modificd in a rencwal of the Base
Prospecta

(a) the Account Bank Required Ratings (as described in section 34:10 of the
Additional Building Block).

For information purposes, as of the Fund Incorporation Date the Account Bank
Resquired Ratings will be:

6) atastA (senior long term) or A (high) (critical obligtios rating) by DIBRS!

dr, inte absence ofa public rating, least two Ah following ratings from
wo ofthefolloming rating agencies:

er


(A) a shortcm rating of at least F-2 and a loc rating of at last A
boy ich

(8) a shorttermrating of at least A-2 and lomg-trm rating of at least A
by Standard e Poor's;

(C) a shortcrm rating of at least P-2 and a long-term rating of at least
AZ by Moody's: and

(FX by Fleh with respect to the shoricrm Issucr Default Rating (1DR) of
such entity or A- by Fitch with respecto the long-term Issuer Default Rating
(DR) ofsuch entity;

(0) the Class A General Reseree Minimum Amount (as described insction 3.4.7 af he
Additional Building Block).

Far information purposes, on first Mombhly Payment Date aÑr the Fund
Incorporation Date the Class A General Reserve Minimum Amount will be equal to
EUR 250,000.00;

(6) the Class A General Reserve Required Amount (as described in soction 343.7 0 he
Additional Building Block).

For information purposes, on the first Notes Issue Disbursement Date following the
Fund Incorporaion Date, the Class A General Reservo Required Amount will be
equal o EUR 5,640,000;

(é) the Class B General Reserve Minimum Amount as described in sction 34.7 af he
Additional Building Block).

Far infomation purposes, on first Mombhly Payment Date añ the Fund
Incorporation Date the Class E General Resrve Minimum Amount will be cqual to
zero (0)

(e) — the Class B General Reserve Required Amount as described in section 343.7 hc
Additional Building Block).

For information purposes, on the first Notes Issue Disbursement Date following the
Fund Incorporaton Date, ho Class E General Reserve Required Amount will be
equal to ero (0);

(0 the Collections Accounts Bank Required Re
the Additional Building Block.

15 (as described in section 3723 of

For information purposs, as of the date of his Base Prospectus he Collections
“Accounts Bank Required Ratings aro:

pe


(Gi) a public rating oP at cast BBB (senor long tem) by DBRS; or

(Y) E by Fiteh with respect to the shortcrm lssuce Default Rating (1DR) of
such entity or BBB- by Fitch with respec to he long-term Isuer Default
Rating (IDR) of such entity; or

(6) Pz2 by Moody's with respecto the short-erm unsccured, unsubordinated and!
“inguarantecd debt obligaions of such entity

(E). the Commingling Reserve Required Amount (as described in section 34:34 of ho
Additional Building Block).

For information purposes, on the first Notes Issue Disbursement Date following the
Fund Incorporation Date thc Commingling Reserve Required Amount vil bo equal
10 EUR 9,100.00;

(6) the Maximum Adéition Amount (as described in section 3.3.12 of the Additional
Building Block

For information purposes as o first applicable Purchase Date tho Maximum Adáition
“Amount hreshold for conditions (1) and (2) il hc 2:

6) the Required Soller Share (as described in section 3.3.1.5 of the Additional Building
Block).

For information purposes, as of ho Fund Incorportion Date, the Required Seller
Share shall be cqual to ix per cont (6%) of the Principal Amount Outstanding of he
Notes of ho first Note Series isucd on the Fund Incorporation Date which amownts
o EUR 34,800.000.00:

6) the Seller Share Interest Rate (as described in section 34:44 of the Additional
Eilding Block).

Far information purposes on the first Monthly Payment Date aller the Fund
Incorporation Date the Seller Share Interest Rae will be equal to 025%.

The Management Company decires that the changes to any of th variables or magnitudes
efered to above shall not require the amendment to the Decd of Incorporation of he Fund in
he terms st out in article 24 of Law 5/2015. In any case, any such changes shall not result in
the downgrade of any outstanding Notes by the Relevant Rating Agencics.

Any Prospectas Supplement shall be approved in the same way as the Base Prospectus and
úublishod a least through the samo means used fr the publication of th Base Prospectas.


413.

Issue of Notes Series
4.13. Notes Series issue date

The Fund shall be entiled to issue Note Series on the Fund Incorporaton Date and until ho
end of the Programme Revolving Period. Consequenly, provided that no Revolving
Terminstion Event and no Accclerated Amortisaion Event occus, the Fund may issue Note
Serie on the Fund Incorporation Date and thcrcafce on cach Issue Date until, the latest, ix
(6) months prior to the Fund Legal Matuiy Date.

4.132. Initial Note Series Issuance Conditions Precedent

The issuance of any Note Series on the Fund Incorporation Date shall be subject to Aho
satisfaction of the following conditions preccdent (she Initial Note Series Issuance
Conditions Precedent)

(0) the Class A Notes of le Note Series o be issued ae assigned a prliminary rating of
“AA(higIeD" and “AAHS0) respectively by DBRS and Fith

(6) the Class A Notes Subscribers have agrecd to subscribe for or undenvrite or purchase
he Class A Notes af such Note Series with the signing of a Class A Notes
Subscription Agreement on or prior the Issue Date and

(é) the Class C Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or undenvrite or purchase
he Class C Notes of such Note Series with the signing of a Class C Notes
Subscription Agrecment on or prior the Issue Dat,

Non satisfaction of the Initial Note Series Issuance Conditions Proceder shall ot constitute a
Fund Liguidation Event nor imply the cxtnguishment of the Fund in any manner whatsocver.

Subject to section 4.472 of the Registration Document, ¡Ph Initial Note Series Issuance
Conditions Precedent ac not satisfied and conseguently no Note Series are issued on the
Fund Incorporation Date, the Purchase Price of the initial portfolio o Eligible Reccivables in
he context of he fest Initial Transfer) o bo purchased by the Fund from the Seller on the
Fund Incorporation Date shall be fnded with a drawing under th Seller Interest Credit

Facil

4.133. Further Note Series Issuance Conditions Precedent

The issuance of any Note Series on any Issue Dato shall be subject to he satisfaction of the
following conditions preceden (he Further Not Series Issuance Conditions Precedent)

(2) the issue ofany Note Serics shall not result in the Maximum Outstanding Balance of
he Programme being execedod


(6) the Seheduled Amontistion Starting Date of any new Note Series shall fall ar 1ho
Scheduled Amontisaion Staring Date of any previously issued Note Series which
remains outstanding on the Issue Date of such new Note Series;

(e) — no Revolving Termination Event and no Accelerted Amonisation Event shall have
occurred:

(4) if te Class A Notes, Class B Notes and/or Class C Notes of any Note Serios bear
fosting rate, a Class A Hodging Agreement andíor a Class B Hedging Agreement
andar Class C Hedging Agreement have been entered into between the Fund and any
Eliible Hodging Counterpary unless such Class A Notes andíor Class E Notes
andior Class C'Notos bara Maximum Interest Rate

(e) omthe Calculation Date corresponding to such Issue Date, the Management Company
has determined that the Class A Principal Defciency Ledger and the Class E.
Principal Deficiency Ledger will not be in ebit on the next Monthly Payment Date
añer the application of the Interes Priority of Payments;

(0 the Class A Notes of the new Note Senos to be isucd are assigned a preliminary
rating of “AA(highlIS)" and “AAS(50)" (or are preliminarily assigned the then
current rating of hc oulstanding Class A Notes) respectively by DBRS and Fitch
andór he equivalent ratings from the other Relevant Rating Agencies provided (|
always that the Class A Notes shall e matd at least by two 06 the Relevant Rating
Agencies and (he issuance of the Class A Notes docs no rsult in th downgrade:
or wihdraval by the Relevant Rating Agencies of the then current rating of
outstanding Class A Notes:

(8) as applicable, () the Class 1 Notes of te new Note Series to be issued (as ho caso
may be) ae rated at least by bwo of the Relevant Rating Agencies and (i) any Class
B Notes are oustanding, (a) the Class 3 Notes o the new Note Serios are assigned
preliminarly at least the then curent rating oS the outstanding Class B Notes by the
Relevant Rating Agencies and (b) th issuanc f he Class E Notes of he new Note
Series docs mot result in the downgrade or wilhdraval by the Relevant Rating
Agencies ofthe then current rating oS the outstanding Class B Notes;

(6) if tc Class C Notes of the now Note Seres are Ratod Note, the Class C Notes of ho
new Note Series to be issued (as the case may be) are rated at least by two of the
Relevant Rating Agencies;

6) the Class A Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or underie or purchase
he Class A Notes af such Note Series with the signing of a Class A Notes
Subscription Agreement on or prior the Issue Date;

6 if amy the Class B3 Notes Subscribers have agrecd to subscribe for or undenwrite or
purchase the Class Notes (if any) of such Noto Seris with the signing ofa Clas E.
Notes Subscription Agreement on or prior the Issue Date; aná

.


0%) the Class C Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or undenvrite or purchase
he Class C Notes of such Note Series with the signing of a Class C Notes
Subscription Agrecment on or prior the Issue Dat,

Non satisfaction of the Furhor Noto Seris Issuance Conditions Procedent shall not constitute
a Fund Liquidation Event nor imply the cxtinguishment of the Fund in any manner
vwbatsocver amd shall ot affect nor cause th termination of any of the Note Seres previously

issued by ho Fund,

4.134, Procedure for the issue of further Note Series

m

In order o issue farthr Note Seres the following steps shall be fal

(a) — if the procecds of the issue of a new Note Seres is imended to fund the purchase
price of ll or part of Eligible Reccivablos (in the context of ni
Additional Transfers) purchased during th precoding Purchase Period, the Seller has
notified the Management Company a cast hity (30) calendar days before ny Issue
Date ofthat purpose; andlor

Transfers andíor

(0) if procceds of he issue of a new Note Series are intended to be used to redecm an
úutstanding Note Series on the corresponding Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date (if
specified in the applicable Issuing Document) andíor redccm part of outstanding
Seller Interest Credit Facility andíor pay part of the Deferred Purchase Price, the
Sellerhas notificd the Management Company at cast hy (30) calendar days before
any Issue Date of that purpose;

(c) — the Seller has notified the Management Company at cast (30) calendar days before
any Issue Date the names of any entiics participating as global coordinators lead
managers, bookrunners or underwriers in relation t the proposed issue of the Class
“A Notes andíor the Class 13 Notes andíor the Class C Notes of hc new Note Series
and

(4) on the Calculation Date corresponding to the relevant Issue Date, the Mar
Company will notify to the Seller () the General Reserve Increase Amount) the
Commingling Reserve Increase Amount and (i) the Noto Series Issue Expenses in
connection with such Note Seris, to be funded by the Selle on or prior the relevant
Issue Date, on the basis of the financial characteristics for cach Class of Notes
communicate by the Seller or the global coordintor to the Management Company.

4.135. Method of issue and distribution

The isue of he Notes Serics will be carried out by vituc of the relevant Isuing Document

1


The Class A Notes, the Class Notes and the Class C Notes of any Note Seres vil be issued
for distribution cither through syndicates represented by one or more lead managers,
bookrunners or underwrites or dircily by one Icad manager, bookrunner or underwrter
acting alone.

Setlement of the Notes of any Note Series may be made though any of the following.
methods (which shall bo set out in th corresponding Isuing Document)

(a) delivery against payment (ic. where the transfer of the Notes and the payment of the
subscription price occur simultancously); or

(0) delivery fres of payment (ic. where the transfer of the Notes occurs without
simultncous exchange of he subscription pic).

4.136. Issue and OfTering of the Notes o any Note Series

The Issuing Document, in elarion to this Base Prospectus vil specify in relation to any Class
A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes of any Note Series which are intended to bo
fer to investors th terms ofthe ofcrng, including:

(a) — the name or mames of any global coordinators, lead managers, bockrunners or
underwritees and the billimg and delivery agent in relation to th offering and
subscription of he Class A Notes, Class 13 Notes and the Class (Notes;

(0) — if applicable, the summary of any Hodging Agreements (ic Rating: Events
Termination Events), the names of he relevant Hodging Counterpatics, the Notional
Amount of he Hedging Agrecments and the Calculation Agent (as defined in the
relevant Hodging Agrecments

(c) the issue price of the Class A Notes, Clas 3 Notes and the Class C Notes (which can
be above equalclow par);

(d) the weigited average li ofthe Notes, internal rat of rturn and assumpions: and.
(e) the update of levels of certain credit enhancements.

Class A Notes, Class E Notes and Class C Notes of any Note Series may be offered to
investors cithor ihrough syndicates represented by one or more global coontinator, lead
managers, bookrunners or underwrtes or directly by one lead manager or one underwrter
acting alone.

The global coordinators, cad managers, bookrunners or underwriters fora particular offering
af Class A Notes, Class 13 Notes or Class C Notes of any Note Series will bo named in the
Issuing Document elating to that offering, and, if syndicate is used, th global coordinator,
lead manager or undenwriter will be set out on the corresponding Issuing Document, Unless
vhenvise described in the corresponding Issuing Document, the obligation of any lead

1


managers, bookrummers or underwritersto purchase or underwrte any Class A Notes, Class B
Notes and Class (Notes oPany Note Series shall be sube! to various condition preceden:

The Seller (or any entity within hc Seller's group) may reserve the right to subscribe for all
Class A Notes and all Class 3 Notes nd Class C Notes of a given Note Series, ln such caso
he Class A Notes, Class B Notes and the Class C Notes of such Note Seris shall not be
ed with any investor not within the Selle' group

4.137. General Restritions

Onher than ts approval of this Base Prospectus by the CNMV, no action has been or will be
taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Management Company that would, or is intended
to, permita public offering oh Class A Notes, Class B Notes andíor the Class (Notes of
any Note Seres, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering
material, in any county or jridiction where action for that purpose is required. This Base
Prospectus docs not constitute an offer or soicitation by anyone in any juisdiction in which
such offer or soliitstion is nt authorised or in wbich the person making such offer or
solicitaion is not quliicd todo so or o anyone to whom its un

soliciaion.

fal o ma such ofíer or

4.138, Selling and Transfer Restrictions

On cach Issue Date, 1he Notes offered and sold by the Issue may not be purchased by any
person except for persons that are not Risk Retetion U.S. Persons. During the Distribution
Compliance Period, the Notes may not be transferred o any person except for persons tha arc
ot Risk Retention U.S. Persons. Esch holder of a Note or a benefi
“acquired om the Issue Date or during the Distribution Compliance Period, by its acquisition of
a Note or a bencfiial interest in a Note, will be decmod to represent to the Fund, tho
Management Company, the Seller, the Arrangers and Icad managers (including the Joint Lead
Managers) that it (1) is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person, (2) is acquiring such Note or a
benefcial interest hercin fr its an account and not vith a view o distribute such Nate and
(3) is not acquiring such Note ora bencfcial interes thercin us part of a scheme to evade the
requirements of the US. Risk Retention Rules. See "Certain Regulatory and Industry
Disclosures — Us. Risk Retention Requiremenis”. The Fund, the Management Company,
he Seller, the Arrangers and lead managers (including the Joint Lead Managers) have agreed
at he determination of the proper characterisation of potential invesors for such restriction
or for determiing the availability of 1hc cxempion provided for in Section 20 af the US.
Risk Retention Rules is solely the responsibiliy of ho Seller, and none of the Arrangers,
bal coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lcad Managers), bookrumer or
underweter, or any person who controls it or any director, oÑicer, employee, agent or
Afiliate of the Arrangers or any global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead
Managers), bookrunner or underwrite shall have any responsibility for determining the
proper charactrisation of potential investors for such resriction or for determining the
availbilit of the exemptionprovidod for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, and
one af the Arrangers or any global coordinator, lead managers (including the Joint Lead

interest crei

1


Managers), bookrunner or underwrter or any person who controls it or any director, officer,
employee, agent or Affiliate oh Arrangers or any lead managers (including the Joint Lead
Managers) acecis any liablty or responsibility whatsocver for any such determination.

Each global coordinatr, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers) bookrunner or
underweter appointed in connection with a Notes issue shall underiak that it will mos,
diretly or indirecly, offer or sell any Notes or have in its possesion, distribute or publish
any offering circula, prospectus, form of applictio, advertisement or other document or
information in respect of the Notes in any country or jursdiction except under circumstances
at vil result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and al ofes and sales
of Notes by it will be made on hc amo terms,

In addition, cach global coortinator, Icod manager (including the Joint Lead Managers),
ookrunner or underaritr appointed in relation to a particular issue of Class A Notes, Class
B Notes and Class C Notes of any Note Seris will be required to represent and warrant to
comply with the applicable selling and transfer restrictions.

Each Not purchaser shall agrec tha it will obtain any consent, approval or permission which
is required for the offer, purchase or sale by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in
force in any jurisdiction to which its subject or in which it makes such offers, purchases or
sales ad it vil comply with all such laws and regul

In particular, th following selling and transfer restrictions shall apply in relation to the issue
fe Class A Notes, Class Notos and Class C Notes of any Note Series:

European Economic Area

In relation o cach Member State of he European Economie Arca which has implemented the
Prospectas Directivo (cach, a Relevant Member State), cach global coondinaor, lead
manager (including th Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner o underwritr under the relevant
Notes Subscription Agreement shall represen and agree that with cet from and including.
he date on which the Prospectus Diretiv is implemented in that Relevant Member State
(the Relevant Implementation Date) they shall not make an offer of Notes to the public in
that Relevant Member State prior to the publication oS a prospoctus in relation to th relevant
Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in hat Relevant Member Stat or,
where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent
auhority in that Relevant Member State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Directivo,
except att may, vih efiot from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an
fer of Notes o the publi in that Relevant Member State at any timo:

(2) — to legal enitis which ae muhoriod or regulated to operate in the financial markets
or, ¡not o auhorised or regulated, whose corporate purpose is solely 10 invest in

(0) to any legal entity which has two or more of (1) an average ofat least 250 employees
ring th lat financial year; (2) a total balance sheet of more than 43,000,000 and

ns


(3) an annual net turmover of more than £S0,000,000, as shown in its last annual or
eonsolidated accounts; or

(c) — in any her circumstances which do not require he publication by the Issuer of

prospectus pursuant to aci 3 fe Prospectus Directive.

For he purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” means the
communication in any form and by any mcans of sufficint information on the terms of the
“fíer and the Notes to be offered so as to cnable an invetor to decido to purchase or subscribe
he relevant Notes, as the same may be varied in that Member State by any measure
implementing the Prospectas Directive in that Member State and the expression “Prospectus
Directivo” means Directivo 2003/71/EC and includes any relevant implementing measure in

csch Relevant Member Stat.
United States

The Notes will not be ogisered under the Securities Act or the secuitis laws or “blue sky"
laws oPany state or any other relevant jurisiction the United States and therefore may not
be offered, sol, resold or otherwise transfrred, directly or indircctly within the United States
orto, or for he account or benefit of, US persons except pursuan to an cxemplio from the
registration requirements oftho Securtcs Act, Accordingy, the Notes il be ofTred outside
hc United Stats o persons other than U.S. persons (as defined in and pursuant o Regulation
Softhe Securities Act)

Each global coordinatr, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers) bookrunner or
underwrter shall agree that, except as permitted by the relevant Notes Subscription
Agrement, twil not offer or sell the Notes () as part fis distribution a any timo or (6)
úlherwise until 40 days aer the late o he commencement of the ofTring oie Notes and
the closing date (the Distribution Compliance Period) within ho United Stats orto, r for
he account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined under the Regulation S. Each global
eoordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwrter
hall fuer agree that til have sent to cach aflite or oler person recciving a selling
commission, fs or other remuneratios that purchases Notes from it during the Distribution
Compliance Period a confirmation or othr notice setting forh th restrictions on ofíes and
sales ofthe Notes within the United States orto, o or the account of, U.S. persons

In addition, until the expration of the Distribution Compliance Period, an offer or sale o the
Notes within the United States by any global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint
Lead Managers), bookrunner or underrier may violate the registration requirements of the
Securities Act Terms used in his section that are defined in Regulation S under the Securitis
“Astare used herein as defined thorcin.

United Kingdom

Each global coordinato, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), booknunner or
vunderwete shall represent warrant and agree that:

he


(a) — it will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement
o engage in investment activity (wihin hc meaning of section 21 of he Financi
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (FSMA)) received by it in connection
vvith the isue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) o the
ESMA does not apply to the Fund; and

(6) it will comply with al spplicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything
done by it in relation to 1he Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United
Kingdom.

France

Each global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), booknunncr or
vunderwete shall represent and agree that will not ofTe or sell, direc or indirecly, Notes
10 the public in France, and wil not distribute or cause to be distributed to he public in
France, the Base Prospectus, or any other offering mutrial elating to he Notes, and that
such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only to (a) providers of
investment services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parti,
andíor () qualiicd investors (investsseurs qualfiés), other than individuals all as
defined in, and in accordance with, articles L.41 1-1, L-411-2, and D411-1 to D-411-3 of
th French Code monétaie e financier

Spain

The Notes may not be ofred, sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent rele of Notes be
carried cut in Spain, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of
securitics ín Spain wihin the meaning af the Spanish Sccuriics Market Law (Royal
Legisimivo Dosree 4/2015 of 23 October, approving the consolidated text of ho securitis
market law), as amended and retated, or without complving with all legal and regulatory
requirements under Spanish sccuriics law.

Germany

Each global coordinato, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), booknunner or
“nderwrte shall agree not to offer or sell the Notes in the Federal Republic of Germany other
han in compliance with the Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospeligeserz) as of 22
June 2005 implementing Directivo 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 4 November 2005, and the German Socuritics Sales Prospectus Ast (Wertpapier
Verkaufsprospeksgeser), or any other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany
úgoverning the issue, offering and sale of sccuritis,

The Netherlands

Each global coordinato, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), booknunner or
“underwriter shall represent and agree that the Notes may not be offered to the publi in ho

ul


Netherlands in reiance on article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directivo unless (1 such or is
made exclusively to persons or entilis which are qualiid investors as defined in the Dutch
Financial Superviion Act (Wet op het finncieeltoecich) o i) standard cxemption wording.
is disclosed as required by aricle 5:20(5) of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act, provided!
hat mo such offer of Notes shall require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to article 3
af the Prospectus Directive or supplement to a prospectus pursuant to amicle 16 of the

Prospectus Direetiv,
Maty

Each global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), booknunner or
“underwrte shall represent and agree that the Base Prospectus will not be published in the
Republic of Haly in connection wi ho ofíring o the Notes and such ofering of the Notes
vil not be registered vith the Commissione Nazionale per le Sociesó la Borsa (he
Securities and Exchange Commission or CONSOB) pursuant to lali securitics
legisation and, accordingly, he Notes may not be offered, sold or transfered, nr may copies
of he Base Prospectus or of any other document reating to the Notes be distributed in aly,
except

(a) — to qualiiedinvestrs (nvesttori qualifica), as defined in article 100 of Legislativo
Decres No. 58 of 24 February 1993, as amendod (he Htalian Financial Services Act)
and arco 34-er ist paragraph, lter(p) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 01 14
May 1999, as amended from timo to time (Halian Regulation No. 11971) or

(0) Gin other circumstancos which are exempted from the rules on soliciaions of
13 Financial Services Act and its
:1 Regulation No.

investments pursuant to amcle 100 of the Ha

implementing regulations, including article Wer, of the
11971

Morsover, and subject 10 he foregoing,cach global coordinator, lead manager (including the
Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or underwrier shall acknowlcdge that any offer, sale or
transfer of ho Notes o distribution of copies of ho Base Prospectus or any other document
8 o the Notes in Haly under (a) or (9) above must, and vil, o cfTctod in accordance

able laws and

1 securitls tax and exchange control and other appl
regulations and in articula, will be made:

(A) — by an investment firm, bank or financial imtermediary permitted to conduct such
actvitos in laly in accordance with the Hulian Financial Semices Act, the
Legislativo Decreo No. 385 of 1 Scpiember 1993, as amended (the Htalian Banking
Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 16190 029 October 2007 (as amended from time 19
time) and any other applicable laws and regulations

(8) — in complice with antic 129 of lhe Halian Banking Act, as amended, and tho
implementing guidelines of he Bank of Italy, as amended from time 1 timo, pursuant
o which the Bank of laly may require information on the issue or the ofer of
securitis in the Ropa



(€) inscompliance with any other applicable laws and regulaions or requirement imposed
boy the Bank of Italy, CONSOB or any other Italian authority.

Any investor purchasing th Notes in hc offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any
fiero resalo of the Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable
laws and regulations. Please note that in accordance with article 100-bis of the Hallan
Financial Services Act, where no cxemption from the rules on public ofTerings applics under
(a) and (9) above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in Hay at
any time in the twelve (12) months following such placing must be mado in compl
the public ofícr and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Halian Financial
Services Act and Hilian Regulation No. 11971. ailue to comply with such rules may result
in th sae of such Notes being declared null and void and in tc liablty of the itermediary
transfering the financial instruments for any damages sulfered by th investors

e with

The Base Prospoctus any other document rating 0 he Note, and the information contained
hercin are intended only for the use os recipient and are not to be distributed to any third-
party resident or located in Italy for any reason. No person resident or located in laly other
tan the original recpicnts of this document may rely om it or its contents.

Srritzrland

The Base Prospectus docs not constitute an offering circular within the meaning of Ant 6520
ar Art, 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligatios. The Notes may not be ofered ar sol directly
or indirect in Switzeland orto Swiss bascd potential investors, except in circumstancs that
vvil not result ín the ofer of the Nates being a public offering in Switzerland within the
meaning of th Swiss Code of Obligations and all osher applicable laws and regulations of
Svitzeland

Japan

The Notes will not be registered under th Financial Instraments and Exchange Act of Japan
(Act No, 25 of 1948, as amended, the Japan Financial Instruments and Exchange Act)
Accordingly, cach global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers),
bookrunner or undervriter shall represent and agree that it has will not, dicctly or indirccly,
fer or sell any Notes in Japan or o, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which crm
as used hercin means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity
rganised under he laws of Japan) orto olhers for e-ofTring or real, directly or indirecly,
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of any resident of Japan except pursuant to an cxemplion
from the registration requirements of and thervwise in compliance wih, the y

ns of Japan.

yn Financial

Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regul
Hong-Kong

Each global coordinator, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), booknunner or
“underwritr shall represent arman and are bat

Lo


414

(a) — it will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes (except
for Notes which are a “structured product” wilhin he mesning of the Securitics and
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) olher than (1) o professional investors
as defined in he Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under tha
úOrtinance; o il) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a
prospectus as defined in he Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) af Hong Kong or which
do not constiute am offer o the public within the mcaning of that Ordinance; and

(6) it will not issue or have in ts possession or the purposes of issus, whether in Hong
Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes,
vwbich ds drectd a, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the
public of Hong Kong (except if permite to do so under the securitics laws of Hong.
Kong) other han with respect to Notes which are or ar intended to be disposed of
only o persons outside Hong Kong or only to professional investos a defined in the
Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinanc.

Singapore

Each global coordinato, lead manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), booknunner or
“underwrter shall acknowledge that this Base Prospoctus will be registered a a prospectas
with the Monetary Authoriy of Singapore. Accordingly, cach global coordinator, lead
manager (including the Joint Lead Managers), bookrunner or undenwrier shall represent,
vwarrant and agree that lt vil not offer or sl such Notes or cause such Notes to be mado the
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and will not circulate or distribute, hc
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or
invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whcther directly or indiretl, to
persons ín Singapore other than () to an institutional investor under Section 274 0f the
Securities and Futues Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the SPA), () toa relevant person (as
defined in Section 275(2) of the SPA) pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to
Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA,
dr (ió) herviso pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of any hr applicable
provision of he SFA.

Restictions om the free transferabiity ol the securties

The Notes are frciy transferable and can be transmited through any legally permissible
means. Furthermore, whcre the Notes are listed on AJAE, MARE or any other relevant
regulated or unregulated market hcir transmission vil e subject to the rules applicable to
the corresponding market.

The ownersip of ach af he Notes will bo transfered (6) by book cry in the case o Notes
represented in book-<mtry form (anotaciones en cuenta) or () by registration in ho Registry=
Book in case of Notes represented by means of rgistered tl (dos nominarivos),



Sd.

Registration of th transfer to the purchaser in the accounting register or the Registry-Book,
as applicable, will have the same efi as the transfer of cenificaes, and fom that moment
“omvards the transfer can be reicd upon as against bid patos

ADMISSION TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS
Market where the securities will e traded

The Notes may be unlistod or listed on ALAF, MARE or any ciber regulated or unsegulaed
market. Thee s no obligaion for the Notes fall Notes Serics to be listed on any markets.

Where the Notes are to be listed on AJAF, MARE or any other regulated or unregulated
market, the Management Company shall carry out is best cfforis to achieve that tho
“admission o trading of the Notes of cach Notes Seris on any such market is crrcd out not
later han thirty (30) calendar days ar the corresponding Disbursement Date set out in the
comesponding Issuing Document. The Management Company will also, on behalf of the
Fund, request the inclusion of th listed Notes of cach Notes Series in IBERCLEAR so that
lcaring and sctlement may be caricd out under the operating rules established or that may
e approsed in the future by IBERCLEAR with regard to the ocuriis admite to trading on
hc on ALAF, MARF or any other regulated or unregulatod market and represented by book

The Management Company sball camp out lts best efforts in order that cuh listed Notes
Series is included in the registics of IBERCLEAR.

In the event oa

ye to meet ts deadlin for tho admission of th listed Notes of any
Notes Series o trading, the Management Company underakes to reporta relevant fact (hecho.
relevante) to the CNMY and make the announcement in ihe corresponding mean forescen in
in ALAE, MARE or the corresponding regulated or unregulated market or in any other media
generally accepted by the murkct which guaramtecs adequate dissemination of the
information, in time and content, concerning th reasons for such breach and th nev date for
“admision of the issued securitis o trading, without prejudico of the posible labio ho
Management Company if he breach s ducto reasons atributabl threto.

Th Mas

:ement Company, in he name and on behalf of the Fund, represents that its aware
“af le requirements and conditions hat may be requested or the listing, maintenance and de-
listing of he sccuritis with ALAF, MARE or any other regulated or unregulated mark, in
accordance with the applicable regulation, as well as the requirements by the goveming
bodies ofi ate, and ho Managemcnt Company accepts to comply wit hom.

Its ot forescen o enter into any agreement with an entity dat vil undertak to facilite the
liquidity of the Notes during holis the Fund,

Where he Notes ar not listed in any market, the Management Company shall comply wit
he provisions set ut in section 4.5.1 ofihe Securiis Note.

mi


sa.

5.1. Special provisions in relation to the admision to listing in MARE

Where Ahe Notes of a Note Serics are to be listed in MARE, he Management Company
(acting in tho name of the Fund) shall comply with the requirements for admission o the
MARE set out in the Circular 1/2015, of 30 Sepiember, on admission and exclusion of
securitls in the Alternativo Fixed-Income Market (Circular 1/2045, de 30 de septiembre,
sobre Incorporación y Exclusión de Valores en el Mercado Alternativo De Renta Fija) or amy

regulation amending or substituting it from time to time.

For such purposes, the Management Company shall file th relevant applicaion and any
required documentation to ensure that al the requirements for admission to the MARE are
complicd with. In addition, the Menagement Company vil ct as registered advisor (asesor
registrado)

Paying Agent

tardor

The Management Company, acting for and an behalf of the Fund, appoints Banco
as Paying Agent in order to cury out certain financial services (paying agency) in el
he Notes of cach Note Series issued by the Fund with cfcis from the Fund Incorporaion
Date.

52.1.  Obligations o he Pay

y Agent

The Paying Agent obligation ar summarisd as follows:

(a) On each Notes Issue Disbursement Date, and once instructions from the Management
Company are reccived, efict the necessary paymens lo meet the disbursement
process, he subscription of the Notes and, i applicable, payment of the Reccivables
purchased or the calling ofa Note Series in ho immditely next Monthly payment
Date. In any event, payment of these amounis may be carried out in net amouns.

(6) On cach Payment Date, payment of interest and reimbursement of principal of the
Notes, once the total tax withholdings have bcen made accordingly with current tex
regulations

(<) — On cach Monthly Payment Date (or any other payment date in cae of Extraordinary
Expenses) of hc Fund, cary out any payment required by the Management Company
in elasion to the Fund,

(4) Iftbereare no Available Distribution Amount in the General Account on a Payment
Date, the Paying Agent will not be required to makc any payments

The Paying Agent shall carr out the functions entrusted under this section upon reccip o he
relevant instructions from the Management Company, together with any information and data
required by the Paying Agent for he performance of any such functions.

1


Any instructions reccived by the Paying Agent from the Management Company shall be
decmed valid and efectivo, wihout hc Paying Agent being oblige to verify th suitabiliy,
appropristeness or adequacy of such instruction. Consequently, the Paying Agent shall bo
released from any labiltyarsing from thcir execution andior procesing in good faith (save
where the Paying Ajgent has incurre in ilu misconduct or negligence (cier by act or by
mission)

In the esent of failure or delay by the Management Company to provide the relevant
instructions or information (in whole or in par), he Paying Agent shall not perform any
action until such instructions or information sre received. n any event, such fuiluro or delay
shall not be atibutabl to the Paying Agent and, therefore, the Management Company shall
ot claim any amount to th Paying Agent in connection threto and th Fund shall hold ho
Paying Agent harmless against any claims as result of such failure or delay which may be.
made by th benefcirie of such payments, collections, performances unrcalizod or realized
belatedly, under ho trms set out in section 52.2 below

The Paying Agent shall mak: the Fund payments, in accordance with ih relevant Priority of
Payments set out in section 347.2 ofthe Additional Building Block:

(a) — omcach Monthly Payment Date; and.

(6) omany other date scheduled for such payment s set out in the Deed of Incorporation
rte Base Prospectus,

by debiing the corresponding Issucr Account, aflrrecciving appropriate instructions of he

The instructions of the Management Company to the Paying Agent must be rccived by the
Paying Agent at least one (1) Business Day before the relevant Monthly Payment Date (with
respect to payments o interest or principal under the Notes) or one (1) Business Day before
hc date on which the Paying Agent shall cfTet the corresponding payment (in all the other
cases)

In caso that such instructions are no reccived on timo, the Paying Agent shall immediately
notify the Management Company of such circumstance so that the Management Company
instruts the Paying Agent accordingly. In the absence of any such instructions, the Paying.
“Agent will not make any payment

Given that in accordance with ho 345 of the Additional Building Block the Issucr Bank
Accounts will nt be allowed to have a negative balance to ho dotriment of he Fund, in ho
event that th relevant Issuer Account docs not have suflicint funds to muke the
corresponding payment in accordance with instructions reccived from the Management
Company, the Paying Agent shall notify the Management Company, and shall rfrin from
making any payment until troccivesfumbor instructions from h Management Company.

1


The payments of principal and interest Gncluding, for the axoidance of doubt, any arrars of
interest, where applicable) in respect of the Notes of any Noto Series in accordance with the
Priority of Payments se ut in section 34.72 of the Additional Building Block will be made:

(a) — in case of listed Notes, by transfer to the account of the relevant participants in
IBERCLEAR (the Participant Entitis) at which the Notes of the relevant Note
Series are registered, according to the procedures of IBERCLEAR applicable from

(6) inccase ofunlisted Notes in booke-entry form, by transfr to 1hc account duly notifica
by the Noteholder to the duly licensed financial isttuion appoimed by the
Management Company to manage such registry, or such purposes; and!

(6) inscase of unlisted Notes in registered form, by transfer o the account daly notifica
by the Noteholder to the Management Company.

Upon the occurrence o an unfrescen cvent which, in the Paying Agents ole opinion, would
make he execution of such insructionsrisky or harméul, the Paying Ayent shall suspond the
performance of it functions and immediately sck new instructions from the Management
Company.

The Management Company shall provide such instructions to tbe Paying Agent as soon as
possible in the manner provided in his section. If as result of the delay by ho Mar
Company o provide such new instruction delay is caused in lc payments to be cfTetod by
he Fund, the Management Company shall not claim any amount to the Paying Agent in
connection thercto and th Fund shall hold the Paying Agent harmless against any cl

result of such delay raised by the beneficirics of such payments, under the terms set out in
section 522 below

The Paying Agent shall communicate to the Management Company by email, before 13:00
CET of any Interest Determination Dat, the Interest Rate applicable to the Floating Rate
Notes including the supporting documentation for such calculaions in accordance wit
section 4:.6 of the Secwnitics Note ofthe Base Prospectus.

522. Limitation of liabilty of the Paying Agent

The Paying Ager will indemnify the Fund and compensat tin respec o any direct damage
dr loss incurre by cir of hm ar the holders of the Notes by reason af willfal misconduet
or negligence cithr by actor by omission) on the part oSthe Paying Ager,

The Paying Agent will no be lible for losses, damages, costs or expenses as result of any
fruudulent act, omission of information, misrepresentatio, ftaud or negligence or error in
sending or reccivins by the Management Company or refraning from performing any
instruction in accordance with section 52. above, or third partos in relation to the
information used by the Paying Agent fr the exercise of is functions.


In addition, the Paying Ager shal! not be under any liabilty for interest on any money at any

time received by il, unless such moni are improperly with by it or delay in making

payment of such moni to the relevant recipicn is atrbutble t the negligence or technical
re om the part ofthe Paying Agent.

523.  Resignation by the Paying Agent

The Paying Agent may, at any tim upon not less than nincty (90) calendar days" writen
notice (or such shore timo as may bo agrecd between the Paying Agent and the Management
Company), notify the Management Company in writing that it wishes to cease lo be tho
Paying Agent

Upon receipt of an carly trmination notice, the Management Compuny will appoint a now
Fund's paying agent (a New Paying Agent) provided that tho following conditions are met
(the Paying Agent Substitution Requirements)

(a) — The New Paying Agent

6) is credit institution dul authorisd o provide banking service in Spain;
Gi) isan EligiblePaying Agent;
(Gi) has, in the Management Company's opinion, extensivo experience and a

roven operational track record in funcions similar to those described in
section 52 ofthe Securitics Note;

(Y) in the Management Company's cpinion can assume in substance the rights
and obligations oc Paying Agent; and

(0) shall have agrecd with ho Management Company to perform the duties and
bligations oSthe Paying Agent;

(6) the Relevant Rating Agencies shall have been given prior notice of such subsiuion
and such substittion shall not emtal the downgrade or withdrawal of any of the
ratings then assigned by the Relevant Rating Agencies 1 the Notes; and

(e) — such substiution is made in compliance with ihe Alen applicable aws and
regulations

The costs and taxes that may be incurred in as a consequence f the resignation the Paying
“Agent will be on account of the Paying Agent. Notwithstanding this, in order to avoid any
delays, the Management Company, at the expense of ihe Fund, may advance any such costs
“and expenses ad request subscquently tir eimursement by the Paying Agent

The resignation by the Paying Agent shall not take any cffcet until the appointment of the
New Paying Agent s cfectve. The termination by the Paying Agent of the performance of

Ús


lis functions, as well as the appolniment of the New Paying Agent will be notiicd by the
Management Company to ¡he Relevant Rating Agencies ad, if applicable the CNMV.

Upon termination of its sppointment the Paying Agent shall deliver to the Ma
Company al documents, moniss and securitics bclonging to 1he Fund and within its power as

result of the dutics entraste hereunder.
524. Voluntary Substitution

Th Mas
he Paying Agent in writing at cast thirty (30) calendar days in advance of the envisaged
termination date and provided that the Paying Agent Substtuion Requirements are me.

:ement Company is cnt to substitute the Paying Agent, provided that it otiics

AI costs incurred in the voluntary substitution OS the Paying Agent when necessary by
decision of the Management Company vil be for the account of the Fund.

The substitution of the Paying Agent shall not take any effect until the appointment of he
New Paying Agent is cfective. The termination by the Paying Agent of the performance of
lis functions, as well as the appoiniment of the New Paying Agent will be notiicd by the
Management Company to ¡he Relevant Rating Agencies ad, if applicable the CNMV.

525.  Paying Agent Termination Events

Upon the occurrence of an Paying Agent Termination Event, he Management Company shall
appoint a New Paying Agent within thiny (30) calendar days añer ho occurrence of such
Paying Agent Termination Event and provided that the Paying Agent Substitaion
Reguirements are met

The Paying Agent shall promplly notify he Management Company, acting in the name and
on behalf the Fund, if he Paying Agent casos to be an EligiblePaying Agent

Paying Agent Termination Event means any o he following events

(2) — amy material representaion or warranty made by the Paying Agent under any
Programme Document to which it ás a party is ar proves to have been incorrect or
misicading in any meterial respect when made, and the same is not remedicd (4
capable o remedy) within five (5) Business Days afer the Management Company
has given notice thoreof to the Paying Agent or (if sooner) the Paying Agent has
knowledge of the same, provided that the Management Company, at is discction,

and prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders;

eric hat ts mater

(0) the Paying Agent has filed to comply with any of s material obligaions under any
Programme Document to which lisa paty unless such breach is capable of remedy
and is remedicd within five (5) Business Days ar the Management Company has
given notice thereof to 1h Paying Agent or (if sooner) the Paying Agent has

16


knowledge of the same, provided that the Management Company, at is discrction,
ertiics hat ts material and prejudicial to the interests oh Notholders;

(e) am Insolveney Event occur in respec of he Paying Agent;

(d) — atany timeitis or becomes unlawíal forte Paying Agent to perform or comply with
any or all ofi material obligtions under any Programme Document to which it isa
pay or any or all f is material obligations under any Programme Document to
which ts a party are not, or ccas t be, egal, valid and binding;

() — any failure by the Paying Agent 10 muke any payment under any Programme
Documents to which its party, when dus, except ¡Puch failure is due to technical
or administrative reasons and is remedicd within fiv (5) Business Days añcr such
Failure; or

(0) the Paying Agent cases o be an Eliible Paying Agent.

For hose purposes, Eligble Paying Agent mcans a deposiory institution organised under the
laws ofany stato which is a member ofthe Europcan Union, and is authoriscd to take deposit
in Spain

All the costs incued in the replacement of the Paying Agent to another Eligible Paying
“Agent will be paid by the replaced Paying Agent or the Fund ifsuch replaced Paying Agent is
able to bear such costs.

526. Subcontracting

The Paying Agent may subconteact or delegae to third partis with acknowledged capacity,
he paying agency functions, when (1) legally possible, ) there is prior vriten consent from
he Management Company on behalf o the Fund, ad (i) the subcontractor or delegate has
vwaived the right o claim any responsibility from the Fund, The Paying Agent may cancel
such subcontracts or delegations under the same terms.

In any event, his subcontactin or delegation shall not imply any extra costs or expenses for
the Fund or the Management Company. Neithor of hem will assume any additional liability

“as resulto such subcontracting or delegaton.

Any subcontracting vil be subject to th prior approval of the CNMV, le

522. Remuneration ol the Paying Agent

As consideraion for the services to be provided by the Paying Agent, he Mar
Company, for and on behalf of the Fund, shall pay on cach Monthly Payment Date a fec
Aagreod between the aying Agent and the Management Company.

17


6d.

62

74.

EXPENSES OF THE ADMISSION TO LISTING AND TRADING
Initial Expenses.
Th fees for th registration of this Base Prospectus with ho CNMV and incorporating the

Fund, that are included in th table below will o paid s Initial Expenses out of the proceeds
af be Expenses Subordinated Facil.

tererperses (Notery e, elevan Rstg Asencio fos

ina 2 lie Management Compury and bb, mur oooO

The table above includes the Note Series Issue Expenses payable by tho Fund in connection
af be issuaneo af he Notes Serios to be issued on the Fund Incorporation Date

Note Series Issue Expenses

The expenses incured in connection with the issue of cach Notes Series will be paid as Note
Series Issue Expenses out of th procesds of the Expenses Subordinated Faciliy in
“accordance with scction 3.4.7.5 ofth Additional Building Block.

Pursuant to the provisions of section 347.5 of the Additional Building Block, the Note Series
Issue Expenses will he determined before the coresponding Notes Serios takes place and will
e disclosed in lc relcvantIsuing Document on the occasion of each Notes Seis.

For hese purposes, Note Serios Issue Expenses mcan any expenses incured in connection
with th issue of he Noles oPany Notes Serios (including the cxccution and filing any Issuing
Document and any fs and costs payable in connection herewith ic, CNMV, IBERCLEAR,
AALAF, feos ofthe Relevant Rating Agencies, legal costs te)

OTHER INFORMATION

Statement of the capucity in which the advisors involved in the issue that are mentioned
“in the Securities Note have ncted

+ Clifford Chance intervenes as legal counsel to the Seller and has reviewed the tax
us applicable to the Fund as st ut in section 4.5.4 ofthe Registration Document

+ Allen 8 Overy intervenos as legal counsel to the Arrangers and the Joint Lead
Managers and has drañicd the Base Prospectus and reviewed the structure of the
transaction for th benefit of the Arrangers and the Joint Lead Managers and it has
reviewed the tax rules applicable to the Fund as set out in section 4.54 of the
Registration Document

me


72.

13.

74.

15.

Other information in the Securities Note that has been audited or revieved by the
cuditors

Nos applicable.
Statements or reports attributed to person as an expert

Mázars ds acting as Auditor for the verificatom of a seris of atributos of the Audited
Portfolio. Mazars will be also the Auditor for the Fund, as established in section 2.1 of the

Registration Document
Information sourced from third parts

As par of the tasks involved in checking the information contained in his Base Prospecta,
the Management Company has reccived confirmation from the Seller that the information
bout the Seller and the Reccivables that is given in section 2.2. of the Additional Bnslding
Block is tuc, and that the rest of he information about Seller and the Recci

contained in this Base Prospectus (and, if applicable, the relevant Issuing Document) ll

es that is

The Management Company confims that it has sccuratly reproduced the information that it
has roccived from the Seller and, insofer as it knows and con tell from such information
received from the Seller, confims that it has not omitcd any fut hat might result n the
information reproduced being inaccurae or mislcading, nor docs this Base Prospcctus om
material facts or data that could be significant for the investor and the Fund.

“Credit ratings assigned by the Rating Agencios
7.5.1. Ratings assigned to the Rated Notes.

“As describd in sections 4.132 and 4.13.3 of ho Securities Note, the issue of Rated Notes of
ach Notes Seris undor the Programme on the corresponding Issue Dat shall be subject to,
amongst others

(a) Incase ofa Nate Seris issued on he Fund Incorporation Dat, the Class A Notes of
he Note Series to be issucd are assigned  preliminary rating of “AAMBigh()” and!
*AAHS0) respectively by DBRS and Fitch

(0) In case ola Note Serios issued on any Issue Date olhor than the Fund Incorporaion
Date:

6) the Class A Notes of the new Note Seris to be issued are assigned a
preliminary rating of “AA(highNsN" and “AA4(s0" (or are preliminrily
assigned the then current rating of the outstanding Class A Notes)
respectively by DBRS and Fitch andior the equivalent ratings from the oh
Relevant Rating Agencies provided (1) always that the Class A Notes shall be
rated at cast by two of the Relevant Rating Agencies and () the issuance oP

10


he Class A Notes docs not result in the downgrade or wilhdrawal by the
Relevant Rating Agencies of the then curent rating of outstanding Class A.
Nokes;

(as applicable, (5) the Class B Notes of ho new Not Serios to be issued (as
Ale case may be) ase ratod at leas by two of he Relevant Rating Agencies
“and (il) if any Class B Notes are outstanding, (a) the Class 1 Notes of the
new Note Series are assigned preliminarily at cast the then cuen rating of
hc outstanding Class B Notes by th Relovant Rating Agencios and (D) the
issuance af the Class E Notes of the new Note Seres docs not result n the
downgrade or withdrawal by the Relevant Rating Agencies of the then
current rating of he outstanding Class E Notes.

The Class A Notes and the Class B Notes (Fany) of any Note Serios shall
Notes.

Ivays be Rated

lts not obligatory that the Class C Notes are Rated Notes. That sad, 4 the Class C Notes of
any Noto Series are Rated Notes, the Class C Notes o hc such Note Series shall bo rated at
leas by two ofthe Relevant Rating Agencies.

The preliminary ratings assigned to the Rated Notes of cach Notes Series hall be specific in
he applicable Isuing Document and must be confirmed by tho Relevant Rating before the
disbursement of he relevant Notes on the Disbursement Date of cach Rated Notes.

In accordance with section 447.1 of the Registration Document, failure to obtain
confirmation from the Relevant Rating Agencies of ho preliminary ratings initilly assigned
(oráf such ratings ar withdrawn) before th disbursement of the Notes on the Disbursement
Date of such Notes Serics shall cntil the termination of ho issue of the Notes Series in
question.

For bese purposes

Relevant Rating Agencios nucans the Rating Agencies speciicd in the applicable Issuing.
Document in respect of any Class of Notes oPany Note Series outstanding at such time.

Rating Ageney mcans any rating agency betwcen DBRS, Fitch, Moody's and SAL.

752 Considerations regarding the rating assigned to the Notes by the Rating
Agencies

The meaning of the raings assigned to the Rated Notes con be consultd in the web pages of
he Relevant Rating Agencies; his is, a applicable, www.dbrs.com, www tchratings.com,
wwnmoodys.com or www standardandpoors.com

The ratings assignod by the Rating Agencies do not constitute an evaluation of the likcliñood
of the Borrowees repaying the Reccivables caly, or of the cxten to which such carly

150


repayments dife from those originally estimated. In no way do th ratings represen a muing
df be level of actuarial vid.

The assigned ratings, as well as any revision r suspension thercof:

(a) — are formulated by the Rating Agencies on the basis of varid information reccived,
he accuracy and completenss of which is not guarantecd by the Rating Agencies,
and therefore the Rating Agencies will ín no event be held hable for the contents
Acro and

(6) do not constitute and, therefore, could not in any way be inerpreted as an invtaion,
recommendation or soliciaion for investos to procced to carry out any type ol
transaction with the Rated Notes and, in paicula, o acquire rta, encumber or
sell such Rated Notes. The final ratings of a Class of Notes may be revised,
suspended or withdrawn at any time by the Rating Agencies, depending on any
information that comes to thcir knowledge. Such situations will be notified
immediately boto the CNMV and the Noteholders of the Rated Notes.

To perform the rating and monitoring process, the Rating Agencies rely on the accuracy and
completenes of the information hat they arc given by the Seller, the Management Company,
he Arrangers, the Auditor and th legal advisors

These credit ratings are only an estimate and do not necesarly mean that poten
do not have to conduct their own analysis of the Rated Notes that hey intend o buy.

In accordance wilh section 447.1 of the Registration Document, failure to obtain
confirmation from the Rating Agencies of the preliminary ratings (or if such ratings aro
vwithdrawn) before the disbursement of the relevant Notes on ho Disbursement Date for such
Notes Seris shall cntil ho tcrmination fc issue of the Notes Series in question.

ss


Le

12

24.

ADDITIONAL BUILDING BLOCK TO THE SECURITIES NOTE
(ANNEX VI OF COMMISSION REGULATION 809/2004)

SECURITIES
Minimum denomination oa Notes Series

Nokes of any Note Series wi
thousand (100,000).

ways be issued in a denomination of EUR one hundred
The Maximum Outstanding Balance of the Programme from timo o timo outstanding under
the Programme vil not excced EUR 2.000,000,000,

Confirmation that the information relating to an undertaking or obligor which is not
“involved in he isue has been accurately reproduced!

Nos applicable.
UNDERLYING ASSETS

Confirmation that the securitised assets backing the Notes Series have the capacity to
produce the funds to service any payments duc and payable on the Notes

The Management Company confirms that the cash flows to be generated by Purchased
Reccivable, according o he contractual terms and conditions oh Credit Card Agreements
under which they derive, shall permit the payment of all the amounts due and payable in
relation to the Notes in accordance wih ho relevant Priority of Payments, However, in order
lo cover for possible payment defaults by the Borrowers and thus enbance its financial
structure and procure the largest possible coverage for th risks inherent to 1he Notes Serios,
he Management Company, on behalfof the Fund, vil put in place a mumber of enhancement
transactions as ct out ín sction 3:43 of this Additional Building Block. Likewise, some
Nos Series may have Hedging Agrcements according to the provisions of he relevant
Issuing Document of he corresponding Notes Sercs.

The Notes have dificrent risk of faling to recive payments as and when due and therefore
he Notes may have different credit ratings assigned by the Relevant Rating Agencies
described in soction 7.5 ofthe Secuitics Note,

Upon occurrence of any of the circumstances listed in section 4:43 of the Registration
Document, the Management Company may proceed with the Early Liquidation of the Fund!
dm the terms described in section 4.4 of the Registration Document

The Management Company confirm the above on the basis of () ho representations and
warrantics made by the Soller with respect to the Credit Card Agreements, the Client
Accounts and the Reccivablos listed in section 22. of the Additional Building Block; (4) he

152


22.

report prepared by Mazars on the Audited Portfolio; (ii) the Initial Note Seres Issuanco
Conditions Precedent set out in section 4.13. of the Securitics Note and thc Further Note
Series Issuance Conditions rocedent required as por section 4.13. of the Securities Note and
(úv) the ratings assigned to tho Rated Notes by the Relevant Rating Agencies as described in
section 7. ofthe Securitics Note,

Assetsbacking the Notes Serios
Introduction

The Reccivables to be transferred to ho Fund on the Fund Incorporation Date and thcreafcr
on cach Purchase Date during tn life of the Fund are credit card reccivables rising from
drawings made by the Borrowers under th revolving credit faclitics

Borrowcrs by the Seller under the terms of hc Credit Card Agrreements. The Client Accounts
associated with the Credit Cande Agroements from which the Recei
“Audited Portfolio ari all have the same contractual conditions.

anted to such.

les comprising the

The credit facltics made available under tho Credit Card Agreements are of a revolving
mature, meaning that any prinipal repayment will reconstiut the credit available to the
Borrower and may be re-drawn by the Borrower. The maximum amount of te credit which
can be drawn by any Borrower (he Credit Limit) ís set out in the relevant Credit Card
Agrecment and may be increased or decreascd by the Seller in accordance with and subjectto
Ate limitatins et out in ts Credit Policies.

AI Credit Card Agreements from which the Roccivables included in 1he Audited Portfolio
rise have been granted to Borrowes which a individuals resident in Spain as of the signing
date of 1h corresponding Credit Card Agreement. Funlermore, the Borowers under such
Rescivables had thcir most recent bling address located in Spain as of the Purchase Date of
such Reccivables.

For these puposes, Borrower means, in relarion to any Credit Card Agreement, the
individual who has entered ino such Credit Card Agreement as principal obligor to the Seller.

Main cardholder and authorised users

Credit Card Agreements are signed with a muin cardholder, who is the Bomower of the
evolving credit fail granted under cach Chicnt Account associated wit cach Credit Card
Agreement. Additional (physical) credit cards may be issued by the Se
linked to th same Client Accownt, Credit analysis is performed by the Si
Borrower only (and not on additional auhorised users).

+ to authoriod users
rin respect ofi

For hee purposes, Client Account means the revolvng credit account which is opened in
ebooks ofthe Seller with respect to any Credit Card Agreement

Purpose of the Credit Card Agreements


Th purpose of the Credit Cand Agreements iso provide consumer credito the Borrowers.

Drawings under the Credit Card Agreement

In connection with each Credit Card Agreement, a (physical) credit card is always delivered
to the Borrower by the Seller (a Credit Card), For information purposes, it is noted that tho
Credit Cands ae operated by MastesCardK. Each physical cad is valid for period of 48
months, Once this period expres, úf to associated credit facility continues to meet all ho
ertria fr its rencwal, a new valid physical card is issued for a further period 048 months.

The revolving credit facility made available by the Seller o the Borrower under a Credit Card
Agrecment is uscd by the Borrower:

(2) by making use ofthe Credit Card to:
6) pay he price forthe goods or service acquired,

Gi) wilhdraw cash in automated teller machines (ATMS) or cash wilhdmawal
systems which permi those services; or

(0) to receive transfers of funds in A relevant account of the Borrower by means of
phone or internet request or by means of request at the stores of cetin eniics of
he Carrefour group and other third pary tores where this possibility is ofered.

Moreover, as funcr explained below (see section etc “Interest and fees payable under
he Credit Cand Agrecments”) the Seller may charge fees to the Bomower (fccs may be
charged for cas withdruwals, non-payment, wire transfers to the Borrowcrs account and
currency exchange). Payment of those fees (othr than Uhe lato payment foc as further
explained below) is financed by the Seller under the relevant Client Account, This means that
such fees ae not paid in full by the Borrower but rather payment hereo! is financed by the
Seller with the Credit Card (and therefore, the Outstanding Principal Balance of thc relevant
Client Account is incrcasd in tho amount of th relevant 25). By way of exception to the
foregoing, late payment foss are added to the relevant Monthly Minimum Instalment and
payment thercof is sought in full and are only fínanced by the Borrower if they are paid
Likowise, where the Borrower clects to take out insurance protection (sec section entitled
“Insurance” for further details), the Borrower must pay an insurance premium on a monthly
asis. Unpaid monthly insurance premisms are also financed by the Seller under th relevant
Client Account in hc fashion as described above. Accordingly, Fs charged o the Borrower
(other than ho late payment fee which is only financed fit is umpaid), umpaid late payment
focs and unpaid insurance premiums amount to Drawings for all purposes and, therefore, hey
increase the Outstanding Principal Balance of he relevant Client Account, acrus interest a
he interest rate then applicable to hc Drawings and are repaid in Monty Instalments (as
defined and explained in section below entítld "Monhly Payments")



Morsover, as further explained in section Below entítlcd “Type of Repayment Options
Credit Card Agreement allow for bw main repayment options, cthr (in a single imteret-
free repayment (contado inmediato or contado fin de mes) or (Gi) in interestbcaring
instalments (crédito). Where a single imerestrs instalment is umpaid by the Borrower, the
Seller may finance payment thcrcof by means of a Drawing under the Client Account,
provided this is expressly accepted by the Borrower. This femture is refer to by th Seller

as “bascalación”

Conscquently, any drawidowns made by the Borrower (or any olher authorized user) under the
revolving credit facility granted under cach Client Account associated to cach Credit Card
Agreement, and which includes () any fees financed by the Seller (other than the late
payment fs, unless it is unpaid), () any umpaid insurance premium under the optional
Insurance Policy entered by the Borrower financed by the Seller and (ii) amy unpaid single
interestfice instalment financed by the Seller with the prior consent of the Borrower
(“basculación") hall be considered a Drawing

Drawvings under the Client Account ae accounted for in monthly bling periods or payment
eyclos (lhe Monthly Billing Period) which do not coincido with

A genral rule, cach Momhly Bling Period starts on the twenty fist (2151) day of cah calendar
month and ends on the twenticth (201) day ofi following calendar month and is efered to
in he Credit Card Agreement as "blling period” (periodo de liquidación)

Jendar months. As a

hient Account is defined as the

The outstanding principal balance ("Saldo Dispuesto") oa
utstanding balance of the credit fuciliy as relcctod in the corresponding Client Account
associated with cach Credit Card Agreement a any given timo. The Outstanding Principal
Balance on any specific dato (lhe Outstanding Principal Balance) is

(a) — inrespestof any Rescivables and on any date, the total amount of principal wbich is
due by the Borrower on such date (aking into account as the case may be, any
incipal amounts remaining umpaid increasing such total smownt and any principal

amounts prepaid decreasing such total amount) or, a he case may be,

(6) om any given date, th result of the sum of.) the Outstanding Principal Balance of
he Cliet Account at the close o the immediately prior Monthly Biling Period, plus
(úl) he sum of the Drawings mado since the close of such Monhly Biling Period,
minus (hi) any principal payments made since the close of such Monbly Biling
Period,

Type of repayment options

Credit Card Agreement allow fortwo main repayment options, cthr (1) in a single imterest-
free repayument (contado inmediaso or contado fn de mes) (Cash Re-payment Option) or ()
in imeresbcaring insalments (crédito). The Seller has ín place systems that allow the
“location of cach single transaction to one or the other type af repayment options.


The Reccivables comprising the Audited Portfolio provide only for repayments in iterst-
bearing instalments as pe il) above. No single interest repayment (contado inmediato or
«contado fin de mes) reccivables will be transferred to the Fund. Where a ingle interestfec
instalment is unpaid by the Borrower, he Seller may finance payment thrco? by means oa
Drawing under the Client Account, provided this is expressly accepted by the Borrower. This
foature is refered to by the Seller as "haseulación”.

The choice of the repayment option is made by the Borrower at the time of entering into the
Credit Card Agreement but may bo changed aferwards.

However, those Borrowers who have elected ihe repayment option of interestbcaring
instalments can still clct the time any purchase is made by them within certain enitic of
he Carrefour group and other third pary stores where this possibility is offered, hat such
purchase is paid ina single iterestfee repayment (contado inmediato or contado finde mes)
rather han in intcrest-bcaring insalments (in which cae, such payment will not form part of
he revolving balance of the Credit Card and vil herefore not be assigned to the Fund).

Type o Credit Cards

As noted above, in connection with cach Credit Card Agreement, a (physical) Credit Card is
always delivered to the Borrower by the Seller. For information puposes, the Seller curenly

issues four (4) types of Crit Card, wbich muin characteristics ae to following:
(2) Clasio- PASS credit card:

6) ofteradtoall physical Seller's customers:

(6) allows or two mun repayment options, cer (5) in a single interest

repayment (contado inmediato or contado fin de mes) o (il) in inrest-
bearing instalments (crédito) and

(Gi) interest rates seta 20.04% as of the date of this Base Prospecta
(6) Gold=PASS credit card:

6) olered 10 cerain physical Seller's customers depending on the Sellers
«commercial interests:

Gi) allows for two main repayment options, ciber () in a single interest
repayment (contado inmediato or contado fin de mes) 0% (il) in inerest-
bearing instalments (crédito) and

(Gi) interest rates setat 20.04%

1 of the date of this Base Prospecta.
(c) — Employce-PASS credit card

6) olered exclusively to Carrefour group employees;

156


Gi) allows for two main repayment options, cier () in a single interest
repayment (contado inmediato or contado fin de mes) o (il) in inrest-
bearing instalments (crédito) and

(Gi) interest rates set 12.00% as of the date of this Base Prospecta

For clarfication purposes, no Reccivables ariing rom Employee - PASS credit cards
vil be transferred to the Fund.

(4) Business PASS credit car:

6) olered exclusively to Carrefour group managers (dicos) for
representation expenses (not for personal uso)

Gi) allows fora single interest-Fec repayment; and
(Gi) docs notbearinterets

For carfication purposes, no Reccivables rising from Business - PASS credit cards
vil be transferred to the Fund.

Credit limits

Every Client Account has a Credit Limit set by the Seller in accordance with its Credit
Policies. Among the factors considered for setting the initial Credit Limit ae the Borrower'
age, level of income, hc number of years employcd, hisher marital status, cc. The usual
Credit Limit varios betwcen EUR 150 and EUR 0,999.

Credit Limits assigned to cach Borrower are reviewed monthly by th Seller on th basis of
he performance of the Borrower and may be revised (upwards or downwards) accordingly.
Borrowers can rejct a limit increase. Nev limits (which are duly notified to the Borrowers
"ut which do not imply he signing oa new Credit Card Agreement) come int force in the
Monthly Billing Period following the one in which the Borrower has been notiicd by the
Seller of the change. Borrowers can also request a reduction or increase of the límit. The
increase can be requested at the time of making a Dewwing in the stores of Centros
Comerciales Carrefour, S.A. in an amount not excccding EUR 600. Any request by the
Borronwer to ínrease the Credit Limit must be approved by the Seller.

The positive difference between the Credit Limit on cach Client Account and its Outstanding
Principal Balance at any given time is defined us the Available Balance (Saldo Disponible)
fe Client Account,

This nosvithstending, Client Accounts can be occasionaly overdrawn () in he event of non-
payment of any amounis whether for interest or principal (including non-payment of single

interetfe instalments under the Cash Re-payment Option in he event ol "hasculación" as

explained in the immediately preceding section) and (i) in an amount not exccoding the

157


amount of a Monthly Minimum Instalment. In such circumstances, the relevant overdrawn
Client Account will not be capable o fimbor Drawings while the overdrawn remains.

Interest and fees payable under the Credit Card Agreements

The Outstanding Principal Balance under the Client Account accrues interest on daily basis
ata fixed rate. The intrest period for the purposes of calulation of interest payable is cach
calendar month. Inerest payable is calculted at tho end of the relevant Monthly Billing
Period,

Unpaid Drawings and oxerdrais do not accrue default imrst but umpaid. interest is
apitalised and accrus fuer ordinary interes, ho interest rte aplicable o both overdrañs
and unpaid interest under a Client Account is the same as that applcd to the Outstanding
Principal Balance ofsuch Client Account However, the Seller may charge a fos for
'umpaid amount (which is curently et at EUR 30) provided it undertakos actual ol
actions aimed at collcting such unpaid amount.

The interest rate is contracually agreed betwcen the Seller and the Borrower in the Credit
Card Agreement. The interest rate can be adjust by the Seller providing a two (2) month
rior writen notice to the Borrowers. Each Borrower is entitled to refuse such adjustment, in
which case (1) the interest rate applicable will be 1he interest rte applicable prior to the
proposed adjusiment, (ii) the Borrower will nt be entiled to make any further Deawings
under the relevant Credit Card Agreement and (Gi) hc Borrower will continue o repay all
¿utstanding Drawing made under the relevant Credit Card Agreement in accordance with the
«conditions of the Credit Cand Agreement sin foree prior to the proposed adjustment

Pursuant to the Credit Card Agreement the Seller may charge fees to the Borrower for cash
vwithdrawals, non-payment (a described above), wire transfers to the Borrower' account and
currency exchange. As indicated above, payment of hese fee (other than th late payment
foc, unles ts unpai) is financod by the Seller under th Client Account in hc same manner
as with any other Drawing. Accordingly, fees (olher than the late payment fee, unless it is
vunpaid) increase the Ouistanding Principal Balance of cach Client Account and acerue
interest, Therefore, these financed fees vil bo included within the principal collections
transferred by the Service to the Fund.

Monthly Payments

hs minimum amount of csch monthly payment due by the Borrower is st in the Credit Card
Agreement ented into with the Borrower (the Monthly Minimum Instalment) and is tho
lower of (he ful outstanding debt of Borrower (comprising principal, cpialised interest,
úrdinary interest and any other amount due by th Borrower) r (ia fisedpre-agreed amount
set in he Credit Card Agreement (which shall beat least equal to 3% of ho Credit Limit
(vita minimum OP EUR 15)),



The amount of cach Monthly Minimum Instalment comprises odinary interest accrued on he
related calendar month, insurance premium (where applicable) and repayment of principal
“and copitalied interest

Ca Monthly Minimum Instalmnt is unpai, is amount s ot aggregated with the amount of
he following Monthly Minimum Instalment but rathor separate payment thereo? by the
Borrower (plus interest thercon) is soughtby means of requesting the Borrower e subsequent
dret debi remitance or by olhor means such as wire transfer to the Seller or cash payment
at the stores of Centros Comerciales Carrefour, S.A. (amounts o collected being transferred
"y Centros Comerciales Carefour, S.A. 1 the Seller within three (3) Business Days)

Every Credit Card is associated with a bank account (the Charge Accounts) where the Seller
dcbits he amounts payable under the Credit Card Agreement on a monthly basis by means
dirt deb. Charge Accounts are curent accounts opened at Spanish financis
the Borrower' name (the Charge Account Banks) On a monthly basis (following the end of
cach Monthly Billing Period), the Seller intructs is Collections Accouns Banks (which arc
currently Banco Santander, S.A. and Banks, S.A.) to collet th relevant Reccivables by
dret debit and, to hat end, it remit all relevant Reccivables' data to such Collections
ct th amount due hercunder by direct debi

“Accounts Banks for them to e

Each Collections Accounts Banks credits the amount of cuch bath of Reccivables remited to
it for collection by tho Seller into the account in the name of the Seller held by such
Collections Accounts Banks (the Collections Accounts) cven prior to collecting those
Rescivables fom the Charge Account Banks.

The Collections Accounts will be used exclusively in connection with the amounts to be
collected under hc Purchascd Reccivables (including any amounis related to the insurance
premia),

In accordance with section 372.7 of the Additional Building Block, SEC (as Service) has
the obligaion 10 grant an in rem right of pledge over cach Collections Account, Please sec
section 34.39 for additional information on this security granted over the Collections
Accounts

Some of the Reccivables included in a monthly remitance may be returncd by the relevant
Charge Account Bank (for instance, due to insufficiency of funds standing to the credit he
relevant Charge Account) in which cas the relevant Cs

the corresponding Collections Accounts in an amount equ

ections Accounts Banks will debi
to tt of the Reccivables being

retumed,

Whhilst monty payments are charged to the Charge Accounts by direct dbit, Borowers can
also, in exccptionalcircumstances (such as payment of unpaid amounts), use other methods of
payment, such as wire transfers and payment in peson at the stos of Centros Comerciales
Carrefour, S.A. (amounts 5o collected bcing transerred by Centros Comerciales Carefour,
S.A. to the Seller within three (3) Business Days),

150


Returas of purchases

Borrowers may return purchases mado with he Credit Cards and such returns may result in a
“reverse drawing" undor the Credit Cards, in which cusc:

(a) if le reta takes place before the cut-of! date used by tho Seller to calculat the
Outstanding Principal Balance under the corresponding Client Account and provide

he monthly statement to the Borrower (which is the last day of cach Monthly Biling
Period), the cfct of th return is hat the Outstanding Principal Balance is rstored as
if o purchase had taken place and no intrest is payable by the Borrower in respect
df such Drawing: and.

(0) iFihereturntakes place aer such cuto(T dat, the Ouistanding Principal Balance for
he purposes o such monthly statement would include the amount of he purchase as
if it had not been returned and, provided the Borrower pays the relevant Monthly
Minimum Instalment, th Seller shall reimbursc the Borrower at the end of he next
Monthly Billing Period the amount of the principal payment corresponding 10 the
retumed purchase. Where the retumed purchase was made within stores of the
Carrefour group, interest paid will also be rimbursed, Reimbursement of principal
(and, applicabl
Principal Balance in the following Monthly Billing Period or, if the late is

interest) is made cthcr by way of reduction of the Ouistanding

insuflcien, the excess is reimbursod by wire transfer to the Borrower. ln such later
case, amounts so transfered, shall e rimburse by the Fund to th Seller on he next
Setlement Date, such payment not bcing subject to the Priority of Payments

jaramtess

The Reccivables do not benefit From any personal guarantes or security securing payment
creo However, the Borrower as main cudholder sjoinly and soveralylable for the db
of any authorised users of Credits Cards provided under the same Credit Card Agreement

The Credit Card Agreements of ho Borrower the option of taking out insurance to cover.
he risk of the Borrowers deaih, temporary or permanent incapacity, unemployment,
ospitaistion or fraudulent use of the Credit Card (in the later cas, up to an amount of.
EUR 150) (the Insurance Policies). Enerng into an Insurance Polisy is enicly volumary, at
he Borrowers request, and operates by mcens of the payment of a monthly premium
calculated asa percentage af he Outstanding Principal Balance of the Client Account for the
relevant month

The Insurance Policis are entered into with Carma, Société Anonyme, Carma Vic, Société
Anonyme, Cardif Assurance Vic, Sucursal en España and Cardif Assurances Risques Divers,
Sucursal en España


arma, Société Anonyme and Carma Vis, Sociót Anonyme are French insurance companies
bclonging to the Carrefour group. They are auhorised to provide crosi-border services in
Spain by he relevant insurance authoritcs (Dirección General de Seguros y Fondos de
Pensiones) and are registered with numbers L0847 and LOS48 respectively. Carma, Société
Anonyame address is at Rue du Marquis de Raises - 91008 Evry, Cedex, Carma Vic, Société
Anonyme address is a Jean Mermoz — 91002 Evry, Cedex

Cardi Assurance Vie, Sucursal en España and Cardif Assurances Risques Divers, Sucursal en
España are Spanish branches of French insurance companics belonging to the BNP Paribas
group. The branchos have thcr address in Madrid at C/ Emilio Vargas 14, 9 PLT, 28043 and
have Spanish tax idetficsion numbers WO012421D and WODI2420F. They are authorised
o provide services in Spuin by the relevant insurance authoriics (Dirección General de
Seguros y Fondos de Pensiones) and are regisired wilh numbers F0129 and FO130
respectively.

However, tere is no assurance and no commitment hat in th fre th Seller will remain
the benefciay of the Insurance Indemnifications in respect of those Credit Card Agreements
or any future Credit Card Agreements. This notwihtanding, where the Seller s designated as
benoficiary of the Insurance Indemnificatin, such payments will form part of the rights
onfered upon the Fund.

For bese purposes

Insurance Inderífications means any amounis payable to ho Seller under any Insurance

Palicics enter into by the relevant Borrower in connection with any Credit Card Agreement

Insurance Policies mens the optional insurancs policies entered into by the Borrowrs in
connection with any Credit Card Agreement in respect of which the Seller has been, and
remains, designated as “benoficiary” (enefiiario).

Interchange Fees

Members participating in the MasterCardí) associations (including the Seller) rccive fees
called "Interchange Fees” as partial compensatio, for amongst other things, taking credit
visk and absorbing fraud loss. Under the MasterCardK system, Interehango Foos are passed
from the credit entitcsclcuring the credit card ransuctions for merehants to th card issuimg.

emitics.Interchango Fees are calculated as a percentage of the amount of the credit card
transaction for the purchase of goods or services This percentage vecs from time to time,
Interchange Fes will not be transforrd by th Seller th Fund,

Prepayments.
Nowwithstanding the scheduled monthly repayment, the Borrower may prepay all or part of

he Drawvings made under a Credit Card Agreoment al any timo, withost any fee or penalty
being applicd by th Seller relation to such prepaymment

161


¡Centros Comerciales Carrefour loyalty programme!

As atte date ofthisprospectus, the elle is part of the loyalty programme setup by Centros
Comerciales Carrefour, S.A. by means of the creation of the “Club Carrefour". According to
bis loyaiy programme, the customers participating can obtain rewards by using the Credit
Card fortbe purchase of goods and services in certain establishment.

The rewards are accumulated on a quarter basis by the customer ina if! voucherwbich is
delivered by Centros Comerciales Carrefour, S.A. and which can be redcemed in one (1) timo
in establishment belonging o Uh Carefour group. The gi vouchers issued four (4) imes a
year

In particular, the Borrowers participating in hc loyalty programme may accumulat in hc gif.
voucher 1% af he amount oS the purchascs made with the Credit Card depending on th type
df establishment in vit dh purchase is made.

The Seller communicats to Centros Comerciales Carrefour, S.A. th individual amounts to
be included in the gif voucher and pays to Centros Comerciales Carrefour, SA. the total
amount in relaion Ahcreto which is ultimately payuble by the Seller according to tho
agreement between the patics, However, the Seller docs not issue the gi voucher nor pos it
as  cradtinfaxour of he Borrowers. There is no agreement between the Borrowersforming
part of the loyalty programme and the Seller regarding the loyalty programme or he gi
voucher.

Conscquently, the Seller has no lability visvis the Borrowers as a result of the rewards
accumulsted in the gif voucher and the amounts paid by Seller to Centros Comerciales
Carrefour, SA. in connection with ho voucher are not setof with any amounts aising from

he Credit Card Agrecments but rather paid by the Seller as part ofits costs structure.

A

it Report on the Credit Cards

The Reccivables to be transfrred to the Fund on the Fund Incomporation Date were the
subject of an audit caricd out with data as of 15 March 2017 by Mazars, in compliance with
the provisions of amicle 22 of Law 5/2015. The Audit Report is dated 30 Mareh 2017.

The Audit Report was prepared using sampling techniques, which constitute a generally
“accepted method for veriying the records kept by an entity in relation to users of items (he
“population"), and which permit a conclusion to be reached regarding such population, by
analysing a smaller number of item than the whole (a “sample"). The level of confidence
indicate th likelihood hat the actual number of items with devistins in relation to a given.
estimate for a population docs not excced a pre-st limit (“precision”), The sample size and
level of confidence chosen determine that th incxistence of eros in th sample entails a
maximum number of errors infered for the population, which cannot be zero (0).

12


The Reccivables selected in the sample audited and regarding which crrors have been
detected in some of hc atributes analysed in the Audit Report will not be assigned o tho
Fund.

The Management Company declres that all Reccivables to be assigned to the Fund on the
Fund Incorporation Date will derive from Credit Card Agreements included in the Audited
Portfolio.

Th ostcome oh audit is set out in the Audit Report prepared by the Auditor which s one
fe documents for consultaion, as per section 10 of the Registry Document. Th Auditor
idemificaion details re indicated in section 52 he Registration Document

The atibues muditd in ho Audit Report areas follows:

+ Ownershipofihe Reccivables

+ Identification She Borrower
+ Borrowernature
+ Transfer ofi Rescivables

+ Formalizaion of the Credit Card Agreement

+ ContractEffecine Date
+ Outstanding Principal Balance of th Client Accounts
+ Available Balance ofthe Clic Accounts

+ Credit Limit of Client Account

+ Relationship betwcen the Outstanding Principal Balance and the Credit Limit of ho
Client Accounts

+ Paymentdelays
+ Interestrate

+ Paymentimervals
+ MorhiyInstalment
+ Charge Accownt

+ Guaranies

10


+ Performingstaas

Additional audit carried cut by the Auditor (or any other auditor or third party expert
appointed from time 10 time by the Management Company) will be cari out on an annual
basis (or with ho periodiciy required fom timo to timo by the CNMV and he relevant laws
andior regulations in place). Such additional audis shall bc made over the new Receivables
(outstanding as of the audit u-of? date) transfrred in the context of Ins
he previous annual audi, will audit he same attríbutes s he initial Audit Report and will be
submit to the CNMV together with the annual audited accounts of the Fund,

ransfers since

22... Legal jurisdiction by which the pool o assets is governed!
Th asststo be secuiisd will be govemed by Spanish law.

222. General characteristics of the Receivables, us well as global statistical data
referred to the securiised assets

On th Fund Incorporation Date, the Fund will purchase Eligible Reccivables deriving from
Client Accounts arising from Credit Card Agrecments included initial in the Audited
Portfolio.

The Reccivables to be transfered by the Seller to hc Fund on the Fund Incoporation Date
shall consit of a random selection by thc Seller of Eligible Reccivables of the Audied
Portfolio.

The characteisis of the Purchased Reccivables on the Fund Incorporation Date may difer
from the Aucited Portlio due to intr alía prepayments, delinquencios, and defus and
from the fact amount of Elgible Reccivabls hat the Fund vil purchase will bo les than.
hc amount of Eligible Reccivables of the ho Audited Portíli.

As of 15 March 207, hc main characteristics of the Eligble Roscivables of he Audited
Portfolio are summarized in th next table:

"Total Aggregate Outstanding Debe EUR 7661937382
Maximum Aggregate Outstanding Debt EUR
Average Aggregate Outstanding Debt EUR 7041
Delinquent Client Accounts 0%
Performing Clent Accounts 1005
nterest Rate 20.04%

WA Uslisaion Rate suso

WA Monthly payment ln % the Credit Limit 407%

WA Borrover's Age s
"tilaion Rate > 100% 979%

Top 20 customers 00%



TOP 3 Region

Andalusia (336%) 7
(15.26%) / Valencia (14.06%)

Madrid

In addition, the distribution by certain characteristics of the Eligible Reccivables of the

Audited Portfolio are shown n he tables below.

1s


(a) — Distribution by type of employment of the Borrower

ea Ergo a es an
oie rca ma Ton mu
heno a Sosa sos
pr] a Lon a
po dea EA a
Pale Temo de o E se

(0) Distribution by region o residence the Borrower
A

ueroonao Cota el arg Ouanóng 0 ape sorda

Viena e eno sa
nn a sa ma
Eat ma Er] 1
cy ens mm as en
on 7 10% o 1
Ls a a ne
Toe suo o aras mu

(o) Distribution by customer type
MA

Numsrrol Comento Carr ein Aang Osa e. Agra Outta o
use Eee eras xuore



(d) Distribution by year oforigination of the Client Account

Fmterol Cons Cn ei apego tng st Agrega uta erre

Megas ue

pu]
oo- 0, a reo 2
poo 20, ae ss ra
o 0, se Amos pra
Jaoo-0, sae so rar pre]
pp] ro seme pra]
po oa, 0 a pre] pr
pp pes o sae poa
pao Al pel pe as
Toa ur ms a
tia 0

Mamo ve

cite pe ss

"Tic usual Credit Limit varics between EUR 150 and EUR 9,999.

¡Ses section 22 of hc Additional Building Block in relation t Credit Limits

157


0)

Distribution by outstanding debt

puntal Canes Cot ei Ares Orton Age rá

coa, por eS uso
oso ca os ua
o 20, a mo ns
oo Ed an os
oso, aa En no
aos e os ae pe
e Tus on rr mus
tunamam s00

po De

o

Distribution by utlisation rate

ma sa am as mos
ca] ne sm eso Er
poso a se amas So
pe] a Dans o
vos 2er ns pe
po nas a secas e
a] so me 100 se
pos 0) me sar as
pe aso E EA pi
pre] pe so pa
Tar mm ma rasa mn
AS a

For hese purposes, the utilistion rates he rat

¡fe outstanding debt of the Client

Account divided by the Credit Limit the Client Account

A utiliatio rate above 100% can be he consequence of:

o

0)

reduction of he Credit Limits or

a mismateh in SEC's system between (x) the Aggregate Outstanding Debt

and (y) an additional Drawing

18


(6) Distribution by age of the Borrower.
A

eCart an e rn e

os ES EA a
5 a are E

S a ao sn

a as mae Er
1 o se mm
15 ae ames Er
E] a o mo

a 2 e ne
10 2 pal om
pes Eo pere pu
a o AS ma
em .

(6) Distribution by mumber of Credit Cards assigned to the same Client Account

una ln Cat Me AR tino Aga aan
ma aos o oa o

4) — Distribution by monthly payment
RR

nel Ca Can Mg gi ag Aer rn a

na o E

Sa pe e

E ao. E

o as a
PS ES

160


(0) Distribution by insurance type:

e
== So o an a

In all Credit Card Agreements that form part of the Audited Portfolio and which have
insurance, the Seller has been designated as benefciary of the insurance payment and
hcrefore the Insurance Indemnifications wowld form par oS th rights confered upon the
Fund. However, here 5 no assurance and no commitment that in the future the Seller will
remain the bencficiary of 1he Insurance Indemnifications in respect of those Credit Card
Agrecments or any future Credit Card Agrecments

(1) Contractual Payment Rate % of the Credi

cm tl cr

ter Caco, Conc We! Aga Cuad 0, Aga arab
o ao Pao e
pe Pret MMEr ae pe
o Sa a ma
cien o

Contractual Payment Rate as % mcens the ratio of the Monthly Payment divided by
Ae Credit Limit of th Client Accosnt

Añter the Fund Incorporation Date, the composition o he portfolio of Purchased Receivables
vil be natually modified as result inter alía of the purchase of Reccivables (in the context
of Initial Transfrs andlor Additional Transfrs) by the Fund, the repayument oo Purchased
Reccivables, any prepayment, delinquencie, defaults, any loss related to the Purchased!
Reccivable, any retransfer of Purchased Reccivbles or renegotitions entered into by the
Service in accordance with its Servicing Policies.

The Investor Reports (with a description of the Purchased Reccivables) are published by the
Management Company on ts website (www imtiulizacion.com)

223. Legal nature ofhe sets

Th Credit Card Agrecments and tho Reccivables driving from them are subject to Spanish
law. The main leislsio applicable to the Credit Card Agrecments is as follows:

(a) — Law 16/2009, of 13 November, on Payment Services, which implements Directivo

2007/64/EC on payment services (Ley 16/2009, de 3 de noviembre, de Servicios de
Pagoy

mo


(6). Order EHAVIGUS/2010, of 14 June, on transparency oS the information conditions and
requirements aplicable to payment scevices (Orden EHA/1608/2010, de 14 de junio,
sobre transparencia de las condiciones y requisitos de información aplicables a los
servicios de pago):

(c) Law 1602011, of 24 June, on consumer credit agreements, which implement
Directivo 2008/48/EC on consumer credit agreements (Ley 16/2011, de 24 de junio
de contratos de crédito al consumo) (Law 16/2011);

(4) Order EHA/2499/2011, o£28 October, on ransparency and the protection of banking
service customers (Orden EHA/2899/2011, de 28 de octubre, de transparencia y
protección de cliente de servicios bancarios); aná

(e) — Circular 5/2012, o 27 June, of hc Bank of Spain, to credit entitics and providers o
payment services, on tramparency of banking sevice and liablity when granting
loans (Circular S/2012, de 27 de junio, del Banco de España, a entidades d crédito y
proveedores de servicios de pago, sobre transparencia de los servicios bancarios y
responsabilidad en la concesión de préstamos).

224.  Expiry or maturity date ol the assets

The Credit Card Agrecments are entered into for an indefínite period timo, nowithstanding
ha the Credit Card Agreement may be cancelled in the terms described thercn, which are
«ummarised below

AA Bomower may terminate the Credit Card Agreement at any time, subjest to giving one (1)
mombis prior notice and repaying th outstanding debt, The Seller may termino the Credit
Card Agreement a anytime, subject 10 giving two (2) months prior notice. In cther cas ho
Borrower cannot make new Drawings under the Client Account and the Bomower will
continue to repay all outstanding Drawings made under the relevant Credit Card Agreement
in accordance with the conditions of the Credit Card Agreement in for upon at the time of
such termination

The Seller may also termina th Credit Card Agreement and accelrat he outstanding debr
efecto in the comesponding Client Account without the need of giving two (2) month prior
notice, in he event of)  detrioration f hc Borrower's solvency, () a material breach by
he Borrower ofi obligations under he Credit Card Agreement, ii) a fulure to provide any
required data or the provision of inaccurate or false data, (iv) an abusivo or eaudulent use of
he Credit Card, (+) he death of the Borrower or (v) lack of use of he Card for period
excceding two (2) year. In these cases, he relevant Borrower must immediately repay in Full
he outstanding deb (including accrued interests) under the Client Account

Despite the indefinit duration of ho Credit Card Agreement, cach Credit Card has a set
expiry date, printed thercon and cannot be used aÑcr the indicated date, Prior to the Credit
Cards expiry, he Seller issues a replacement Credit Card

m


225. Amount of the assets

The aggregate amount of ho Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reccivables transfer to
he Fund on the Fund Incorporation Date will be figure equal, or (faling that) a close as
possible 1o EUR 638.000.000.

At any given time, the Ouistanding Principal Balance of the Reccivables trnsfered o the
Fund during the life of 1he Fund shall not excced EUR 3,000,000,000 ((ho Maximum
Portfolio Amount).

The Management Company and the Seller may elect to modify such Maximum Portfolio
Amount pursuant to an amendiment to the Decd of Incorporation in th terms et out in article
24 of Law 5/2015 and through th issue of the relevant Prospestus Supplement (unless such
modification cincides with a rencwal ofthe Base Prospectas)

224. Loan to value ratio or level of collateraization
Nos applicable.
222. Asset creation method

The Seller has applicd oiginaion criteria since is creation, which are regularly updated. On
December 2012, the Board of Directors of the Seller approved general orgination policies
tressing the importance of responsible lending in line with applicable regulations. Subject o
ose general policies, the Risk Committee of the Seller, of which the General Director is
member, approves the specific orgination criteria, which ar regularly reviewed and spáited
by the Risk Committos. The origination criteria described below are the ones cumenty
aplica. Credit Cards includod in the securitisasion transaction may have been originmed
following different criteria. ts important to not that th Risk Committs monitor the full
rigintion and auihoriation process bing fully responsible hereof

(Credit risk governance

The criteria for the issue of Credit Card and the defimiion of risk appette form part of he
Sellers business process, having established a credit risk govemance system based on four
(4) fundamental pillas:

(a) — Board of Directors, which is the Seller's main decision-making body. The Board of
Directors of ho Seller panticipates actively in the management of the credit msk
policy and remains pormancnly up-t0-bato regarding development thercof. 1 issues
the Sellers Credit Policos and determines th risk apetito

(0) Risk Committes, whose credit risk management-elated duos are summarised below

6) the specificaion and formalisaion, from a credit risk viempoint, of the
procedures processes and criteria for the acceptance of customers and or tho

m


concession, monitoring, amendmen, rencw
operations, in compliance with he Credit Pol

recovery and refinancing of.
ls approved by the Board;

Gi) global monitoring of recoveris and credit risk and proposing correctivo
action plans where necessary:

1 needs

(Gi) quamtiing as an aggregate the Seller's risks and comparing capi

with regulatory capital requirements and ho Sellos actual equity; and

(Y) participating active in the desclopmen, testing and monitoring of customer
elasificaton models

(o

reporting 1o the Selle's Financial Director (Director Financiero), is
mtrustod with the daily management o credit risks.

(4) Recoveries Department, reporting to the Sellers Operations Department (Dirección
de Operaciones), this ds he arca cotusted with the daily management of debt
recovery.

Monitoring credit rise

In adáiticn to the fowr (4) pilas indicated above, on vehich the credit risk system is based, the
Seller hs developed a monitoring system independent from he foregoing, in order to ensure
the cohcrence and sustainability of the Credit Policies for the management of credit risk This
system require tt involvement of he following deparmentssithin ho Sell:

(a) — Internal Audit, whose function sto independently verify the implementation of he
Credit Policis as well as cir stability and sustainabiiy

(6) Permanent Control, wbich manages te second level permanent controls necessary to
verify independently that cards are ssucd and managed inline with hc established
policies, procedures nd processes

(e) — Compliance, whose function is o provide advice to Ahe arcas enrusted with the
management o credit risk on regulatory obligations and best market practices.

Issue of Credit Cards
(2) — Application chamels

ln the majority of cases, individuals holding a Credit Card are customers of the
Carrefour group establishment (hypermarkcs,supermarkets, tc.) s its normally in
Ahcse establishment where the first contact between the customer and the Seller is
made, during which the Seller collecis the information it requires for checking
puxposes and to issue the Credit Card, where applicable

m


Notwitkstanding this, tho Seller may also try to atract potential customers in
environments other than the Carrefour group establishments, provided it has the
relevant authorisations for such purposes.

The Credit Card may be applicd for or offered o customers through any legally valid
hamnclsin which the Seller is auorised to opera. ln all these cases, the Seller is
responsible for applying its wn general origintion policies, By way of example, the
use ofi following channels s currently permite:

6) Financial and Insurance Services Stand. This is an ara se up in hc majority
af Carrefour group hypermukcts with specialised. personnel exclusively
dedicated to financial and insurance services available to Carrefour group

The collection af data and documentation is carried out on a personalisod
asis and the data provided by the potemial customer is included directly in
he Sellers systems.

Gi) Leaf, Normally provided as “take one” lenflts available to potential
customers in the Carrefour group shopping centres, but which are also used
for promotional campaigns a certain events, ofering customers an casy way
o apply for a Credit Card from the Seller, by completing he Icaflet and
providing he necessary documentation in cach ces,

In the majority of cases now customers are atractod in person by specialised
personnel, although in cetin crcumstances its ho customer himself herelf
who complete the application and deiverst directly to the Seller.

(Gi) Mobile devices. A digital channel launched by the Seller at the end of 2014.
The customer completes ihc applicaion using a mobile device signature.
New customers are atracted by specilised personnel and both the Credit
Card Agrecments and the documentation s stored in digital format subjest to
he necessary secuity controls and measures)

(Y) Website. New customers may apply using a specific form available at the
Seller's website to be completed and sent to the Seller together with the
relevant documentation to b provided by the customer (such as ts identiy
card),

However, the evolution of technology implics that entcring into contracis by
electronic means is an cucr<hanging process where the market trend is to ofr
customers the option to carry out the entire application process digital; according,
ne aho Sellers envisagod strategies is o develop its systems and processes so that
he Credit Card Agreements can also be entered into in line with cvolution of
technology.

má


(6) Concession stages

The concession of a credit facility to be drawn by means of the Credit Card and
monitoring thercof are carried out in various stages, directly or indirecly involving
the Risk, Operation Analysis Praud Prevention and Recoverios Arcas etrusted will

6 Attracting customers and managing contractual documentation,
Gi) Verifvingtbe customers solvency and deciding hereupon.
(Gi) Financing the credit applid for

(Y) Monitoring the operation of e Credit Card
Autractng customers and managing contractual documentation

Depending on the channel in question, atrcting customers requires. diferent
procedures and processes usually proposed by the Risks Arca in conjunction with
lherarcas of the Seller direily involved in such procedures and processes and which
are approved by the Risk Committee.

“Asa general nulo, information to be provided by the customer when appling for
Credit Card is always the same, but a distincion is made between the cases where (|
he customer contacts the Seller dirccly to apply for the Credit Card passive process)
and (li) where personnel hired by tho Seller make contact with the customer (active
process)

Normally, in the passive process, Inc documentation to be provided by the Credit
Card applicants as follows:

6) Proof of 1D: valid and undamaged National Idemity Card (Documento
Nacional de Idenidad) or Spanish nationals, and forcign identity card (NIF),
passport or residence permit or certain other similar documents for forcign
matonals.

Gi) Proof of Bank account: savings passbook, bil puid by direct debit(dated
within the two (2) months prior to the date of presentation thorcoS to the
Seller) nominativo cheque or any other document proving ownership of the
bank account. The bank account documentation must correspond to bank
“accounts which accept direct debit. The Credit Card applicant must be cither
he owner or authorised user of the bank account on which the direct debits
vil be made; any applicaion where the bank account corresponds to a third
any who is notihe Credit Card spplicant s automatically rjectd,

(Gi) Proof. of incomez it is generally necessary to provide ihe following.
documentation ama case by cas basis:

vs


(A) ln case of employees (trabajador por cuenta ajena]: A copy of he
most recent payalip.

(8) — Selfemployed. worker (trabajador «uiónomol: A. copy of the
personal income tax return (model 130-131; DIOO-DI01) or payment
instalments (pagos fraccionados a Hacienda)

(C) — Pensioners (pensionistas): pension revaluation or amount set out for
he current year as set out in the oficial document issued by the
Spanish Social Security (Seguridad Social).

Apart from the above, the Risk Commitce may set out from timo to time diferen
documentation criteria depending on th type af customer and associated risks as well
as the channel chosen to enter into the Credit Card Agreement

In the active processes caricd cut by personnel hied by the Seller, other than in
ose cases where the customer is able to provide documentation proving hisher
income from the outset, acceptance of hc customer is based on information provided
by the customer, which s verifcd through other procedures set by the Seller for the
idemificaion of customers; such procedures offer ertainy with respect to th data
obtained. The identification of th customer is necessary in all cases and a copy of the
1D document (valid and undamaged National Identity Card or forcign identity card
(NI), passport or residence permit or certain olhr similar documents fr foreign
matias) must be kept.

Th Credit Card Agreement will comply with the regultory requirements in foree
any given time and must be properly signed by the customer. Depending on the how
he customer was sourcod (ic. the origination channel), the process for managing.
contmctal documentation may be diferen,

The customer selection criteria established by the Seller encompas the following.
basic requirements

66) Over 8 years old with permanent residence in Spain.

Gi) ln gainful employment, including sclfemployment, or heneficiary of a
pension.

(Gi) No record of payment inciden with the Seller in th past

(Y) Notincluded on the Asociación Nacional de Establecimientos Financieros de
Crédito (Asme) ls

(0) ln compliance with the admission criteria esablishcd in the Manal of
Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorst Financing (Manual de

ns


Prevención del Blanqueo de Capitales y Financiación del Terrorismo)
approved by the Saler

Assessment of the customer'ssolvency and adoption of decision

o

Assessment ofth customers solveney

All applications reccived, both from new customers and customers who have

already comtracted another product with the Seller,

xo subjectod to certain

ertria approved by the Risk Committs and that ar designed o measure the
customers credit ring.

Below is summary of the variables used in the process for the approval of
applications and establishment o Credit Limits by th Seller

0)

Admission score, mcasurs the unknown customer risk bascd on
information provided by hinvher. he score asigns a rating based on
certain criteria Ahat have been defincd taking into account the
information guhered:

E Periodicincome,

HL Other information used as a basis for verifiation prior to
issuing a Credit Card (age, marital status, legth of service a
work, the timo the current bank accoun has bcen held,
homcownership, ee).

The above riera seve o provide an initial grid that can be used to
score the customer on the basis f his/hrthcoreio risk. This grid sets
maximum limits for the cash (contado) and credit (rédito) lines for
he Credit Card with a view to respeting homogencows debt ratios
lat also make it possible to reasonably cover ho customers curent
expenses

Depending on the rating th system provide, hc score can be: A, B
or C (with the application being rejected in the Janer case)
Depending on the final score, A or B, the system assigns a limit to
he customer for he credit lin associated with the Credit Cad (pago.
a crédito), with ho minimum limit at the timo of execution of the
Credit Cord Agreement being EUR 150 and the maximum EUR
9,99

Both tbc variables and tho criteria uscd as a basis to establish the
score ofthe grid and the minimum and maximum limits re reviewed
periodically and approved by the Risk Committee. However, the

m


e

(o

0)

maximum limit for te credit line associated with the Credit Card
(pago a crédito) cannot exceed EUR 9,999,

Behaviour score. This is a rating similar o 1hc admission score and
is used to evaluate the behaviour of known customers, that is, hose
who already have contracted a product with the Seller and cvaluatos
the evolution of the customer creditworthiness.

This behaviour score determines the possibility of extending lines of
credit and cash and tho possibiliz of ofering new produets. The
variables used to determine th behaviour score ar among others

1 Fundabily of he Credit Card

IL Paymenthistory

HL. Inclusion in solvency lists.

o age

Vo Granthistory

Depending on the behaviour core, ho Credit Limits the Credit
Card may he increased 10 up to EUR 9,999. Both the variables and
he criteria hat serve as a basis for managing th behaviour score and.

he card use limits are reviewed periodically and approved by the
Risk Commiite.

Verification Rules. These are rules established s part of the Expert
System (a computerisod system that assisis decision-making) that
complement the admission and behaviour scores and ar designed to
improve th quality ratios when issuing Credit Cards. These rus are
"used to evaluate customer profiles using variables such as ag how
long they have been a customer, recoveries, ete, The verfication
rules analysis can give th following outcomes

1 Rejestion - Automatic rejection of the Credit Card
application.

HL Approval - Temporary approval of the Credit Card
“application with the Credit Limits proposcd by the admission
or bhaviour score prior to consulting the alveney lists

Consulting solvency lists Complementing the above rules in order
o ver and adopt a decision om issuing a Credit Cad or extending a
lin of credit or cash (rédito or contado), and wit the auhoriation
fe customer, certain solvency files are consulte

me


0)

Unless the Risk Commitice expressly approves otherwise on an
exceptional basis inclusion an solvency lists implis ejeston of the
Credit Card application

Decision=mukcing

In the decisionsmaking process, and in addiion to the solvency evaluation,
the information on th customer is analyscd together with the inherent risk in
ems of money laundering and terrrist Financing (AML and TE) (n
“accordance with the criteria csablshod in the regul

Manual on Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing

approved by th Sellers Board o Directors)

jons in force and the

As part of the AML and TE review processes, the General Treasury of he
Social Security (Tesorería General de la Seguridad Social or TGSS) is
consulied to ascerain whether the declaaion made or the documents
presented by the customer regarding his/hcr usual source of income contain
any inconsstency. With this consultrio, apar from detcting alerts liked
o money laundering and terrorist financing, cerainy is obtained regarding
the information and documentation gathcrd from the customer.

Any inconsisiecy in he information and/or documentation supplic by the
customer discovered s a result of he consulttion vit the TGSS will entil
rejoction of the Credit Card application rgardless of the outcome of the
safeguards esublshod by the Seller in terms of the prevention of money
Iaundering and terorist inning.

The adoption of the decision is based on Expert System which takes into
onsideration the cvaluation of the solveney described in he foregoing point
The Expert System makes it possible 10 monitor risk and provide statistical
validation of he appropriatenss of hc decision risks, gining productivity,
vwbich makes t possible:

(A) — Toinformofaleis ducto the breach of rules.
(8) — Advocatea decision
(C) — Improve and provide feedback on concession criteria.

The Expert System contains both the conccssion rules and the admision and
behaviour scores; it also includes alens related to fraud and money
Iaundering based on th knowledge of the diferent channels amd cose
histories assessod by the Seller in past operations, providing periodic
feedback to the Expert System and cnabling the Seller to amicipate risk
situations linked to the customer.


Financing of he credit applied for

Once the decision to issue the Credit Card has bcen made, the Expert System
proposes a Credit Limit for the customer to be set out in the comesponding Credit
Card Agreement; Credit Cards are currently issued ai following Credit Limit:

6) trial Credit Limit (upon issue of he Credit Card): From EUR 150 to EUR.
9,999.
()— Subsequentincreasos in the Credit Limit: up to a maximum of EUR 25,000.

The above Credit Limits ae reviewed periodically by the Risk Committee.

The Credit Card is sen o the customers address by mail together with a welcome
leter and basic explanatoy documentation on lts functioning. The customer eccives
the PIN number in separate muiling, which enables hinvher to us tho Credit Card

Monitoring the operazion of he Credit Card!

Wi a view to monitoring ts exposure to credit risk, tho Seller has established
difirent indicators and statistics in hc department involved in th Credit Card issue
process as explsinod section 3.72.13 of the Addiional Building Block. The analysis
and monitoring of the indicators and statistics related to credit risk are the
responsibilay of the Risk Arca and Risk Committco. The objective is to ensure
correct implementation an cffctiveness of the defind risk criteria.

(c) — Amendiments to he Credit Policies

The Soller may change its Credit Policies f such chango is made applicable to the
comparable segment of revolving credit accounts owned and served by he Sc

225. Indication of representations and warrantcs given to the Fund relating to the

The Management Company reproducos below the represetations and waramios that ho
Seller shall make to the Fund in relation to itself Credit Card Agreements the Reccivables
and the Client Accounts.

Each represcntaion and warranty shall e:

(a) made on the Fund Incorporation Date in the Decd of Incorporaion (with respect to
he transfer of Reccivables made thecin) and

(0) deemedio be repcated on cach Purchase Date (with respecto transfer of Receivables
mado there),


LE, at any time añ the applicable Purchase Date, the Seller or the Management Company
becomes aware hat any of he representasions and warrantcsreferred to in his section 22.4

“and relating to any o the Purchascd Reccivables was false or incorrect by reference to the

facts and circumstances existing on the date on which the said represcntation r warranty vas
made, hn section 2.2.9 of the Additional Building Block shall apply.

228.1. — Representations of he Seller in its own respect

(2) Statuscitisan
financiero de crédico-emtidad de pago brida)" duly incorporated and. validly
existing under Spanish law, duly registered aith sho Bank of Spain as an “oredit
Financial establishment-hybrid payment etity establecimiento financiero de rédito-
entidad de pago hibridaY

edi financial establishment hybrid payment etty (establecimiento

(6) Comsents: it has obtained or made all necessary licences, permi, reistraions,
onsents and approvals necessary to conduct its business as cuently conducted, to
hold the reccivables that can bo purchased by the Fund and to enter into the Master
Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement and to ful ts obligations hereunder;

(c) — Powers and Authorisations: the documents which contain or cstablih its
constitution include provisions which give power, and all necessary comorate
authority has been obtained and action taken fr it to sign and deliver, and perform its
bligatons under the Master Reccivabls Sal and Purchase Agreement;

(é) — Nomesiolation: ncithor the signing and delivery of ho Programme Documents to
vwbich ts party nor the performance of any ofhe transaction contemplatd in any
fem does or will contravene or constitute a default under, or causo to be exceeded,
any limitatio on it or the powers fits director imposed by or contained in

6 amy la, licences or other suthorisations by which it or any of ts assts is
ornd or affected;
6) isbn or
(Gi) any agreement to which it is a party or by which any of ús or thirassets is
bound;
(c) — Insolveney Procedures: it ís not subject to insolvency procccdings within the

meaning ofho Insolveney Laws

(0) Litigation: to the best of is knowledge no Itigation, abitation or administrativo
procecding or claim is presetly in progress or, pending or threatened against s
likely to adversly afcot in any material respect ts
under the Programme Documents ta which it isa party:

Mm


(2) — Obligations Binding: subject only to applicable bankruptcy,insolvency, moratorium,
reorganisaion or otr similar laws affecting ho enforcement o rights of creditos
generally and general principles of applicable law restricting 1he enforcement of
abligations, its cbligations under the Master Reccivables Sale and. Purchase
Agreement are valid and binding on it and enforccable
Ahi respective terms;

insti in accordance wit

(6) Claims Pari Passu: the claims of the Fund against it under any of ho Programme
Documents to which its a pary will rank 5 east par pass vit the claims oPall its
her unsccured creditors save for those clsims that are preferred solely by any
"ankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application;

6) Corporate interest: The Seller has entered ino the Master Reccivablos Sale and
Purchase Agreement at an ars length basis and for good and valuable consideraion
and the Seller belioves and has ressomsble grounds for believing that conclusion by
he Seller f 1he Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement would benefit
“and sw be in its comporate interest and

6) Information provided by the Seller: The Seller accepis responsibility for the
information set out in sections 22.1 022.7 (both inclusive) and 3.S of the Additional
Eilding Block of the Base Prospectus and the equivalent information provided in ho
context of th issue af cach Note Seres with respestto itself or the Reccivables. To
he best of ts knowledge and bel! (having taken all reasonabl careto ensure that
such is th case) such information s true and accurate in all material respect and are
in accordance wi the facts.

2282. — Representation of the Seller with respec to the Credit Card Agrcements, the
Reccivables und the Client Accounts Eligibility Criteria

The Seller has represented and warrantd that on any Effective Purchase Date in the context
of Additional Transfer, and on any Confirmation Date and any Esfetivo Purchase Date in
he contest of Initial Transfers, the Credit Card Agreement, the Reccivablos and the Client
“Accounts shall comply with the following Elgibility Criteria:

(a) inthe context of Initial Transfers andíor Additional Transfers, the General Eligbility
Criteria; and

(6) adiional, in the context of nitil Transfers (only), he Specific Eligibiliy Criteria.

¡General Eligibiliy Criteria and Specific Eliibiiy Crvria

The Gencral Eligbiliy Criteria sh
Transfers. The Specific El

apply to Ale Initial Transfers and the Additional
siility Criteria shall apply to he Initial Transfers (only)

General Eligibiliy Criteria of the Credis Card Agreement

1


(a) Bach Credit Card Agreement has been cxccuted pursuant 1, and in compliance with,
he applicable provisions of Spanish legisiaion and all hr applicable legal and
regulatry provisios, including but not limited all applicable anti-money Iaundering.
legisaion

(6). Each Credit Card Agreement has been entered ino betwcen the Seller and one
Eliible Borrower able for he full payment ofthe corresponding Rescivable,

(c) — Each Credit Card Agreement (5) is documented on the basís of the terms and
conditions applicable for the card and or hc mercantil loan (Condiciones Generales
de la Tarjeta. Condiciones Comunes de la Tarjesa y del Préstamo Mercanil con
Tarjeta) and the specific terms and conditions (Condiciones Específicas de la
Tarjeta) of he Seller in force from time to time and (di) derive from the Standard
Forms which has not been varied in any material respet (except in accordance with
section 33.1.10 the Additional Building Block),

(é) Each Credit Card Agreement is govemed by Spanish law and any related claim is
subjcet o he jursdiction of the Spanish competent court.

(e) — Each Credit Card Agreement complics in all material respects with the applicable
provisions of the Consumer Credit Legisiaion and all other applicable legal and
regulatry provision, including, but not limited to, where applicable, the provisions
df Law 16/2011 and its developing regulations and or Law of Repression of Usury
(Ley de 23 de julio de 1908, de la Usura) (the Law of Repression of Usury), in
granting cach Credit Card Agrecment the Seller has complid with all pre-contract
requirements set out in amicles $ et sog. of Law 16/2011 and no Credit Card
Agreement contains any abusivo clases (cldusulas abusivas) for the purposes of Law
1/2007, of 16 November, on Consumces and Users Protection (/esto Refundido dela
Ley General para la Defensa de Consumidores y Usuarios y otras Leyes
complementarias).

For hesc purposes, Consumer Credit Legisttion mcans all hc applicable consumer.
laws and regulations governing the Credit Card. Agreement, including, without
limitasion Royal Legislativo Decree 1/2007, of 16 November, approving the
Consolidated Text of the General Consumer and user protection law and other
omplementary Laws, as amended,resate or supplemented from timo to time,

(0 Each Credit Card Agreement constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforecable
bli
material respecs against the relevant Borrower (subject to applicable bankruptey,
insolvency, Ímoratorium, reorganisation or other similar laws affectng the
enforcement of rights of ceditor generally and general principles of aplicable law
restrictng the enforcement of obligation or providing for borrower rei)

jon of the relevant Bomower in accordance wi ts respectivo terms in all

1


(E). No Credit Card Agreement is regarded as a contrato de crédito vinculado, as defined
in anicle 29 of Law 16/2011, being 1 contract linked to, or associated with, a sale
agreement or servi agreement

(6). No Credit Card Agreement contains confidentialiy provisions which may restrict ho
Fund'sexerciso oli rights as owner af he Reccivables.

6) No Credit Card Agreement requires the Borrower's consent to be obtained in relation
oa transfer Fany Reccivable ihrcunder.

(No Credit Card Agreement has been acceerated,
¡General Eigbiliy Criteria o/the Receivables

(a) — Each Reccivablecxiis, was originated in the ordinary course of the Sellers business
and derives from (1) a Credit Card Agreement which complics with the “General
Eliibilty Criteria of the Credit Card Agrecments” and (ii) a Client Account which
omplis th the “General Eligbiliy Criteria of the Client Accounts".

(6) Each Reccivable was originsed in accordance with tho Seller's Credit Policies
described in soction 22.7 ofthe Additional Building Block.

(c) — Each Reccivable constituts, without limitaion and in respect of the relevant
Borrower, the obligation to pay the relevant amount duc, and such obligation is
enforecable in accordance with the terms of the comesponding Credit Card
Agreement in all material respocis (subject to applicable bankrupty, insolvency,
moratrium, reorganisation or oxher similar laws afecting the enforcement o rights
af creditors goncrally and general principles of applicable law restricting the
enforcement of obligations or providing for borrowerrelict.

(d) The Reccivable comesponds to an amount which will be due and poyable by the
Borrowerin accordance with he Credit Card Agreement

(e) — Prior to ts transfer to the Fund, the Seller has full and unencumbered legal til o
sch Reccivable and the right to dispose Ahercof.

(0 The Sellers th sole holder of the Reccivable and did not purehase it or acquire it
«herwise from a third pary. Each Roccivabl is free and clcar of any right that cold
e exercise by Ihird parti against the Seller, o hc Fund.

(8). No Reccivableis subject to restrictions om transerabii

(6) The payment of cach Rescivable is mot subject to the performance of any
administrative action or sep, or to the cxccution of any document of any kind
whatsocver, or 19 any formaltis, cithr prior to or aflcr the purchase of such
Reccivable, which has not already been carried out or obtained.


(6) Each Reccivable is denominated and payable only in EUR.

Ó Each Reccivable is not subject, cther totally o partial, to transfer, delegation or
ledge, atachment, claim or encumbrance of whatever type which would constitute
an impedimant to the purported transfer

0%) Otherthan in case of the Common Reccivables (as defined in section 3.3.1.6 below).
he amounts reccived in comsection with cach Reccivable can be designated,
idemificd and segregatod from the amounts pertining to other reccivables owned by
the relevant Seller and rom th amounts pertining to the othor Rescivable,

0) To the best knowledge of the Seller, no Reccivable has been disputed by tbc
coresponding Borrower on any ground whatsocver.

(0) Al information which are provided by the Sellr o the Fund wi respect o the
Reccivables is in al material respect, tus, accurate and complete

(1) — The information contained in and atached to cach Sale Offer docs not contain any
“atom which is untus, mislcading or inaccurate in any material rest

¡General Eligibiiy Criteria f the Client Account

(a) — Each Client Account is govemed by a Credit Card Agreement wbich complics with
he "General Eligiilisy Criteria of the Credit Cad Agrecments”.

(6) Each Cliet Account has been oiginated by th Seller

(e) — Each Client Account exists and is maintained with tho Seller prior to or at the
applicable Purchase Dat

(é) Each Client Account has been operated by the Seller in all material respect in
accordance with that Sellers Credit Policies described in section 22.7 af the
Additional Building Block and usual practices for th operation os revolving credit
business.

(e) — No Client Accounts clasifcd as a Defaulted Client Account, Non-Compliant Client
“Account or Delinquent Client Account on the relevant Purchase Date of the
Rescivabls.

(0 The information set out in the Client Account relatng to cach Reccivable s, to the
best ofthe Sellers knowledge, true, accurate and corre,

(E) Exch Client Account has bcen established in compliance with applicable data

protection laws, and any notifications to be made or approvals o e obtained under
such las fr that pueposes have been made or obtained.

1


0

The Client Account does not include exposures to creditimpaired obligors, where a

ereditcimpaired obligor isa Borrowerwbo:

6) has been declred insolvent [en concurso) in accordance with th Insolvency
Law as at tho relevant Purchase Date and the Sellor is aware of this
Gi) at the time of exccution of the Credit Card Agrement, was on Asnefs

registic with adverse credit history

(Gi) at hc time of execution oh Credits Card Agreement, had an internal credit

assessment indicating a significant credit risk in nccordance with the credit
requirements of the Seller

Specific EligibilisyCrieria with respecto she Credit Card Agreements

Each Credit Card Agreement

6) has been entered into at least one (1) month prior o the Purchase Date of

Rescivablesariing from such Credit Card Agreement in the context of an
Initial Transfer (unless such Credit Card Agreement result from a permite
amendimentto an existing Credit Card Agreement)

(Gi) is Ball force and cffct and there is no right or element of ny kind for

he non-payment of any amount due in respect of the Reccivable when dc.

(Gi) isa Credit Card Agreement with espect to which hc Seller has performed all

abligations required to be performed by it thercundr in order for tho
comesponding Borrower to be obliged to pay the Reccivable ariing
Acro; and

(Y) is a Credit Card Agreement as to wbich neither the Seller nor the

comresponding Borrower is in breach of its material terms and which has not
een conteste by the Seller or hc corresponding Borrower (or having been
ontsted, such petition is fivolous or vexatious and is dischargod, stayed or
dismissed within 30 days of commencement

Specific Eligibilioy Criteria with respecto he Receivables

0)

ol

The Outstanding Principal Balance of tho Reccivable s not lower than one hundred
euros (EUR 100) and not greater than ten thousand curs (EUR 10,000)

Each Reccivable has alrcady given rise to the effective and full payment oP al least

ne instalment by the Borrower under ho Client Account on the lat hros months
before the Purchase Date.

116


(c) As at its Purchase Date, no Reccivable is subject to any amicablo or contenticus
recovery procecding and the Seller has not begun a termination claim with respect to
he relevant Credit Card Agreement for a breach by the Borrowers) of it (cir)
bligations under tho terms of such Credit Card Agreement or at the occurrene of a
event of default howsoever described under the Credit Card Agreement, including
amongst others things, with respecto he timely payment o amount due.

(é) No procedures adverse to the Fund have boen used by the Seller in slccting the
Rescivables in he contest of Initial Transfers from is portfolio.

Specific EligibilinyCrieria with respecto she Client Accounis

No Client Account ís a non-performing, doubiful, dispute, declared as a Delinquent Client
Account, mor a Defsulted Client Account or classified by the Seller as Srwudulent in
accordance with the Servicing Policies of the Seller described in section 3.7213 of the
Additional Building Block

Amendmenis so the Eisibilioy riera

The General Eligibiliyy Crtcria and the Specific Eligibility Criteria applicable to the Credit
Card Agreements, the Reccivables and the Client Accounts may be modified from time to
time by agreement betwcen the Seller and hc Management Company on behalf ofth Fund in
tc following crcumstances (only):

(a) such amendmsent is made in accordance with the Seller's Credit Poicios (and applied
o he comparable segment of Credit Card Agrecments owned by the Seller and which
have characteristics the same as or substamtially similar to the Credit Card Agreement
from which the Purchased Reccivables derive) and in compliance with any applicable
laws and regulations; or

(0) such amendmentis mado o take into account any permited amendment to the Credit
Card Agreement made in accordance wit, and subject to section 3.3.1.10 of the
Additional Building Block.

subject to prior writen notice given to the Relevant Rating Agencies and the Management
Company and provided that such amenément shall not result ín the downgrade or the
vvithdrawal af Abe then current ratings af Abe then outstanding Rated Notes by any of the
Relevant Rating Agencies, wnles such modification limits any such downgrade that might
result independemly of he proposed amendments

For bese purposes
Defaulted Client Account means any Clic Account

(a) — corresponding to a Credit Card Agreement in respect of which, six (6) or more
«snsccutive Instalments are in arrsrs;

187


(6) in respeet of which the Credit Card Agreement has been acceleated or a part of
principal due has been writn-offor made provision against any definitivo losses
any time prior to th cxpiry of the period refered to in (a) above:

(e) invrespectto which ho Seller has bocomo aware that the Borrower is insolvent (en
concurso),

provided that, for the avoidance of doubl, the clasiication of a Defauted Client Account
shall be irrevocable

Delinquent Client Account means any Client Account (which is not classified as Defauled
Client Account) for which related Borrower has not seed all sums due and payable in
“accordance with the terms of the corresponding Credit Card Agreement unless the payment
deferred has been authorscd by the Seller in accordance with he Servcing Polcis.

Eligible Borrower means a prsos:

(a) — who isan individual of legal age and, to the best of ho Seller's knowledge, with Full
capacity to enter into contras and comply with his/er obligatonsthercunder;

(0) who was a resident in Spain on th signing date of the Credit Card Agreement and
whose most recent biling address is located in Spain as at he Purchase Dat;

(c) who has signed a Credit Card Agreement in ts own behalf and its capacity as
consumer within th meaning set out in antcle 2.1 of Law 16/2011;

(d) — whoisnotan employee ofi Seller

(c) who is the main Borrower under only one single outstanding Credit Card Agreement
vit Seller and

(0 in respect of which aho Seller has obtained credit information from Asnef-Equitix
prior to the granting of the relevant Credit Card Agreement and, the credit
information obisined from the aforementioned souree has proven to be saisfaciory
“and in compliance wi the credit requirements of the Seller.

"Non-Compliant Client Account mcans a Cliet Account composed in par rin full of Non-
Complian Reccivablo(s) and which is not an Incligible Client Account

Ineligible Client Account means a Client Account () which docs not meet th applicable
Eliibilty Criteria at ny time añer the Initial Transfer of Reccivables arsing from such.
Client Account or (il) a Purchased Reccivable of which has been (or will be) subject to an
amendment, variation or waiver not mitigted by the payment of a Seller Dilaiom in
accordance with section 372.12(cX1), and clected to be repurchased by ihe Seller in
“accordance with section 3.72.12(cX

1


Performing Client Account means any Client Account other than a Defaulcd Client
Account

229. Default of Conformity of the Reccivables
Warranties

Breach of Representations and

2291.

(a) — General Provisions

When consenting to acquir tho Eligible Reccivables on cach Purchase Dato, the
Management Company, acting for and on behalf of the Fund, will take imo
onsideration, as an essential and determining condition for ls consent the Sellers
representtions and warrantis.

The Management Company will veify the compliance of censin or all of the
Rescivabls with part orall of the Eligbiliy Criteria at th latest on the Confirmation
Date immediately following th Selection Date with respect o Initial Transfers in an
appropriate manner to ensure such compliance. No verificaton shall be mado by the
Management Company in relaion to Reccivables transfemed in the context of
Additional Transfers. In any event, the responsbiliy or the non-compliance o the
Reccivable tansferrod by the Seller o the Fund with hc Eligibilty Criteria as aho
applicable Purchase Date, will at alktimo remain wilh the Seller only (and the
Management Company shall under no circumstance be liable thercfor) and the
Management Company will therefore rely only on the representations made, and on
he warrantics given, by ho Sell regarding those Purchasod Reccivables.

(6). Remediesin case ofnon-<ompliance

1 the Management Company or the Seller becomes aware for any reason whntsocver.
ha cther (1) any of the represetations or warrantics given or made by the Seller in
relation 0 the Purchased Reccivables (both in the context of Initial Transfers or
Additional Transfers) were false or incorrect on th relevant Purchase Date or () ne.
or sescral Eligibiliy Criteria were mot met on the relevant Purchase Date, the
Management Company or the Seller, as applicable, will prompily inform the other
any of such non-compliance by providing n leter containing an electronic list wit
the Non-Compliant Reccivables

The Seller undertakos to remedy such non-compliance by repurchasing such Non-
Compliant Reccivables, together with, applicabl, ny olher outstanding Purchased!
Rescivables arisen from the same Client Account so that the total balance under the
-t Account is repurchascd, under the following conditions:

relevant O

6) the repurchase shall be made on any Repurchase Date prior to the second
Cut-O4f Date following the date on which the non-compliance of that Non-
Compliant Reccivable was motiicd by a pany to the other pary (with

10


esonomie ect betwcen the Seller and the Fund from the relevant Efectivo
Repurchase Date, from which the Seller shall be entitled 10 any amownts of
incial, interest, fees (othce than Imerchange Fees), default imtrest (if
applicable), penaltis, Insurance Indemnifiations and any other related
payments reccived from the comesponding Repurchased Reecivables as of
the relevant Repurchase Date).

Gi) The amount payable by the Seller (Non-Compliant Repurchase Amount)
vil be equal to:
(A) — the then aggregato Outstanding Principal Balance of cach Non

Compliam Reccivable and any other outstanding Purchase
Reccivables aisen from thc same Cliet Account; plus

(E) any accrucd and unpaid outstanding interest hrcon until (ut
excluding) the ElTetive Repurchase Date,

as of such Effective Repurchase Date. Payment will be cffectod on the
immediately following Calcultion Date

In order to achieve certinty of the date of the retranser of the Non-Complian
Reccivables fr he purposes oPartcle 1,526 of the Civil Code, on a monthly bass (if
applicable) the Management Company vil lectronicaly forward to the CNMV the
daa file regarding the sepurchascd Reccivables using the CIFRADOCIONMV

Nowwitkstanding the above, at any time and for any reason, the Management
Company is umble to use the CIFRADOCICNMV service, the Seller and the
Management Company will sppcar before the Spanish Notury designated by the
Seller for the purposes of raising to th status af a Spanish Public Document any
repurchase of Reccivables made hercunder (provided that all cost and. expenses
rising from any such notariations shall be borne by the Sele).

1 the Seller is unable to repurchaso according to the above, the Fund will keep
“ouncrship of the relevant Non-Compliant Reccivables and any other Purchascd
Rescivablesarsing fom such Non-Compliant Client Accounts, and the Seller shall
indemmity the Fund in an amount equal to the Non-Compliant Repurchase Amount
om the applicable alculation Date.

Any Non-Compliant Repurchase Amount paid to the Fund in accordance with the
above will be exclusively allocated to lhe Fund and bo credited to the General
“Account and form par of the Available Collections.

In addition, and in any case, the Seller hall indermnify in ful and hold harmless the
Fund from and against any and all damages and claims (whether or not successful,
compromised or setild), actions, demands, proccedings or judgments which may be:

10


insttutcd, made, theatened,alegod,asserted or established from time to time in any
juristiction intiated by the Borrowers or any succesorsiherefrom in connection with

damages wbich the Fund may sulle or
incur from time to time (including all costs and expenses reasonably incured in the
defence of the interest of the Fund, and any dicct and indirect tax implications that
such indemnity payment may triggr for the Fund including, but not limited to, any
«orporate income tax that sball be levicd on the Fund as a consoquence of colleting
such amounts)

the Non-Compliat Reccivables and from

nt Res
vwbich docs not comply vit ho Eligi

ile means any Purchascd Reccivable
Criteria on the relevant Purchase Date

For these purposes, Non-Compl

(c) — Limits oftheremedies in ase of non<onformity

Th remedios st ut in his section 2.2 are ho sole remedios available to the Fund!
in respect of he non-compliance of any Purchascd Reccivble with the Eligibiliy
Criteria. Under no circumstance may the Management Company request an additional
indemmity from the Seller rlating to a breach of any such representtions or

To the extent hat any los arises asa result fa matter wbich is not covered by those
representations and warrantis, the loss will remain with the Fund. In particular, but
vvithout limitatin, the Seller has given and will give no warranty as to the ongoing
solvency of the Borrowers of he Purchased Reccivabls,

Funticrmore, the representtions and waranties given or made by th Seller in
relation to the compliance of thc Reccivables with the Eligibiiyy Criteria shall not
the Noteholders to assrt any claim directly against hc Seller, the Mar
Company having the exclusive competence under Law 5/2015 1 represent the Fund,

“and more generally, the Fund as against third parts and in any legal proccedings.

22.10. Insurance policies in relation to the Reccivables

The Soller has not entered into any insurance policy in relation to the Reccivables
(without prejudice to lts potential designation as bencficiay under tho Insurance
Policies entered into by the Borrowers as described in section 22 above under the
hcading Insurance”)

22.11. Information on the debtors where the securitized assts include obligations of
ve or fewer debtors which are legal persons, or if single debtor accounts for
more than 20% of the assets or where a single debtor accounts for a material
portion of the assets

Nos applicable.

mM


23.

24.

3d.

22.12. Details of the relationship, fl it is material to the issue, bebween the Fund,
úguarantor and obligor

No relationship exists between the Fund, the Management Company and the other
panic to the Programme, other than those listed in section 5.2 of this Registration
Document

22.13, Where the assots comprise fixed income securitis, description of the principal
terms and com

Not applicable.

22.14. Where the assets include equity securtis, description o the principal terms and
conditions

Not applicable.

22.15. Where more than 10% of the securitized assets comprise equity securitis that
are mot traded on a regulated or equivalent market, a description of the
principal terms and conditions

Not applicable.

22.16. A valuation report setting out the valuation of the real property and the cash
Mow / income streams in important part o the assets is backed

Not applicable.
Actively managed pool of asets backing the issue

The Management Company will not carry out an active management (gestión activa) of he
“sets ofthe Fund as this is described in amic 21.1(6) of Law 52015,

Where the Fund proposes to issue further securitics backed by the sume assets, a
statement to that effect and description of how the holders of that class vil be informed!

Not applicable.
STRUCTURE AND CASH FLOW

Description ol the structure of the transaction including, il necessary, a disgram

Schematic Diagram of th transaction

12




Aniial balance sheet of the Fund.

Below is included the initial balance shcst of Fund as of th Disbursement Date of the first
Note Series isued by the Fund. For the purposes of this balance het t has bcen assumed!
hat () the aggregate amount of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Receivables
tansferred o the Fund on the Fund Incorporation Date vil bc a figure equal, r (filing hat)
as close as possible, to EUR 638.000.000 and (li) he 2017-1 Class A Notes and th 2017-1
Class C Notes are fully subscribe.

Receivables 635.000.000 Yssued Notes
[ Class A series 2017-— 470.000.000
or
[ Class Cscis 2017 110000000
or
Í SICE 58,000,000.
General Reserve General Reserve 5.640.000
Amount Subordinated
Facility
Class A General 5540.00
Reserve Led,
Class E General 0
Reserve Led,
Commingling 5,100,000 Commingling 100,000
Reserve Amount Reserve
Subordinated
Facility
General — Account 750.000 Expenses 750000
(nitial balance) Subordinated
Facility
Í
CroTaL SEO TOTAL 5
3:11. Operation ofthe Fund:

Pursuant to the Deed of Incorporation the rights of the Notcholders to recive payments of
principal and interest on the Notes of any Note Series will be determined in accordance with
the relevant period ofhe Fund as described below)

312. Periods of the Fund

The periods of the Fund ar:


(a) — the Programme Revolving Period;

Programme Revolving Period imcans the period which will stat on the Fund
Incorporation Date (included) and will terminate on the Monthly Payment Date
(excludod) immediately following the occurrence oP

6) a Revolving Termination Event; or
Gi) am Accelerated Amortisation Event
Dating the Programme Revolving Period, the outstanding Note Series may be in cir
Note Series Revolving Period or, as the case may be, in their Note Series
Amortisaion Period and al the Notes payments sall be made in accordanec with the
Interest Priority of Payments and the Principal Priority of Payments.

(0) the Programme Amortisation Period;

Programme Amortisation Period means the period wbich wi

6 start on th Momhly Payment Date (inclusive) immedistely following the
ccurence of a Revolving Termination Event

Gi) ent on the Monthly Payment Date immeditely following the occurrence of
an Acccleraed Amortisation Event

During the Programm Amortisation Period, al Noto Sercs shall be in thcir Note
Series Amortisation Perods and ll the Notes payments shall he made in accordance
with ho Interest Priority of Payments ad the Principal Priority of Payments.

(e) the Programme Aceclerted Amontisation Period.
Programme Accelerated Amortistion Period means th period which vil start o.
he Monthly Payment Date (inclusive) following the date on which an Accelerated
“Amorisaion Event occurs and end on th cairo:

6) the Monthly Payment Date on which all Notes are redecmed in full or
Gi) the Fund Liquidation Date.
During the Programme Acccleratod Amortistion Period, all Note Seris shall ben

Alicir Note Series Amortisation Periods and al the Notes payments shall be made in
accordance with the Accelerated Priority of Payments.

ps


3.13.  Revolving Termination Events and Accelerated Amortisation Events

(a) — Revolving Termination Events

During the Programme Revolving Period, a Revolving Termination Event will be
decmed to have occurred if during the Programme Revolving Period (as long as any
Rated Notes is outstanding):

6) om any Calculation Date, the Management Company has determined that for
he third (3") consccutive Monthly Payment Date, hc Residual Principal
Deticiency Ledger is o remain in debi on he next Monthly Payment Date
añior the application of the Interest Priority of Payments; or

Gi) on any Calculaion Date, he Management Company has determined hat (6)
any Class A Notes of any Noto Serics remain ouistanding and (i) the credit
balance of the Class A General Reserve Ledger will be less than th
General Reserve Minimum Amount on the next Monthly Payment Date añ
the application She relevant Priority of Payments or

las A

(Gi) on any Calculaion Date, the Management Company has determined hat (5)
all Class A Notes of any Note Series have been redecmed in full and (5) any
Class B Notes of any Note Series remain oulstanding and (di) the credit
balance of the Class B3 General Reserve Ledger will e les han the Class E
General Reserve Minimum Amount on the next Monthly Payment Date af.
the application She relevant Priority of Payments or

(Y) the act tt for the 6 consccutive Monthly Payment Dates the credit balance
af the Revolving Account exceeds 15 per cent (159%) of the aggregate
Principal Amount Outstanding o all Note Series on such date (a Purchase.
Shortfall; or

(6) the failure to appoint a Replacement Servicer wlhin sixty (60) calendar days
aftor the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event or

(0 a failure by the Seller Interest Credit Facility Provide to maks available the
Seller Interest Credit Faciliy for an amount equal to the SICF Drawing.
Amount on any Setlement Date afcrthe Fund Incorporaton Date; or

(vi) the occurrence of Seller Event of Default

The Revolving Termination Events shall only apply if any Rated Notes remain
outstanding.

Following the occurrence of a Revolving Terminstion Excnt, the Programme!
Revolving Period shall end and the Management Company shall declare the
bcginming of th Programme Amortisation Period which shall commence on the

16


ol

Monthly Payment Date immediately following the date on which such Revolving
Terminstion Event hs occurred. The Management Company shall notify the opening
of he Programme Amortsation Period by means of a relevant fact (hecho relevante).

Accelerated Amonisation Events

Dating the Programme Revolving Period or the Programme Amontsation Period and
as long as Rated Notes are outstanding, an Accelerated Amortisation Event will be
decmed to have occurred iFany of the following cvents takes place:

6) a failure by the Pando pay interest due in respect oP any Class A Notes of
any Note Series or, if the Class A Notes of all Note Series have been
redecmed in ful, a failure by the Fund to pay interest due in respect of any
Class E Notes ofany Note Series not remediod within five (5) Business Days
from th relevant Payment Date; or

(when its or will become unlawful for thc Fund to perform or comply with
any ofits material obligation under or in respect of he Notes; or

(Gi) a fllure by the Fund to redcem six (6) months prior to the relevant Notes
Final Legal Maturity Date any Class A Notes of the relevant Note Serie or,
if the Class A Notes of all Note Series have been redcemod in fal, of ny
Class E Notes of he relevant Note Series; or

(Y) the Management Company procceds to liguidate ihe Fund following the
ccurrence of Fund Liquidation Event; or

09 om amy Calcal
agregate ob

on Date, the Management Company has determined that the

(A) thesumor

Lo the Oststanding Principal Balances of the Purchased
Reccivables (excluding the Non-Compliant Reccivabls)
under the Performing Client Accounts as of the immediately
prior Cut-O1F Date to such Calculation Date; plus

IL the Oststanding Principal Balances of the Purchased
Rescivables transfered in the context of Initial Transfers om.
the Purchase Date prior to the Calculaion Date; minus

HL. the Outstanding Principal Balances of any outstanding
Purchased Reccivablss (other than those deriving From
Defulied. Client Accounts or Non-Compliant Client
Accounts) repurchased by the Seller on such Calculation
Date;

17


(E) the Unapplicd Revolving Amount to be credited to the Revolving
Account as of the next Momhly Payment Date immediately
following such Caleulstion Date (aÑce the application of the Priority
of Payments); and

(C) the amount standing to he credit of he Principal Account as of ho
est Mombly Payment Date immediately following such Calculaion
Date (añr the application of he Priority of Payments),

is less than th Principal Amount Outstanding of all Note Series as of the
Monthly Payment Date immediately following such Calculation Date (taking
into account any redemplio or issuance of Nole Serios to be made between
on or before he next Monthly Payment Date), multiplcd by the sum of (1)
ne (1) and (i) the Required Seller Share

The Management Company shall causo all (but not some) Notes of any Class to
become immediately due and repayable, whereupon hey shall without furor
formality become immediately due and payable at thcir Principal Amount
Outstanding, together vith interest accrued to the date of epayment, as of the date om.
which a copy of such notice for payment is reccived by the Paying Agent, f am
Accelerated Amortisaion Event sha occur, unless prior to the recipt of such notice

he Accelerated Amonisation Event in respect of the Class A Notes of any Note
Series or, if the Class A Notes oP all Note Serios have been redeemed in full, hc
Class E Notes of any Note Seris, or ifhe Class A Notes and the Clas E Notes o all
Note Seres have been redecmed in ful, he Class C Notes of any Note Serie, shall
have been cu,

Upon the occumencs of an Aceelerated Amortisation Event, the: Programme
Revolving Period or the Programme Amortsation Period, as the caso may be, shall
end and he Programme Accclerated Amortisaion Period shall star on the Monthly
Payment Date immediately following the day on which such Accelerated
Amorisation Event has occurred. The Management Company shall notify the
opening of the Programme Accelerated Amoriation Period by means of a relevant
fact (hecho relevant),

314. Periods of any Note Series

Each Note Sercs shall be strutured with a revolving period (e Note Series Revol
Period) and an amortiation period (1h Note Serios Amortisation Period)

(a) Note Series Revolving Period.
The Note Serios Revolving Period of a given Note Series shall start on the applicable

Issue Date (included) and shall terminate on the Amortisaion Starting Date
(excluded) of such Note Series.

ps


Dating a Note Series Revolving Period, the holders of the Notes of such Note Series
shall reccive only interest payments only in accordance with hc Interes Priority of
Payments.

For bese purposes

Amortisation Starting Date mcans, with respect to any ouistanding Note Serie, the
caricrofthe following dates:

6 the applicable Scheduled Amortisation Starting Date; and

Gi) the Monthly Payment Date immediately following the occurrence of a
Revolving Termination Event or an Accclerated Amortisation Event

Scheduled Amortisation Starting Date or Note Series 20xx3y Scheduled!
Amortisation Starting Date mcans, with respec to any Note Serios the Monthly
Payment Date on which the Notes of such Note Series shall stat amontsing on cach
applicable Payment Date. The Scheduled Amortsation Starting Date shall be
pecifid in the applicable Isuing Document for the Class A Notes, tho Class Bi
Noxes and the Class C Notes.

(0) Note Series Amortisation Period

The Note Series Amonisation Period of a given Note Series shall stat on the
applicable Amontistion Starting Date (included) and shall end on the carlier of
(úncludad) 0£(i) the Payment Date on which hc Principal Amount Outstanding of the
Notes of such Note Series will be reduced to zero (0) (Gncluding following the
exercise of the optional carly redemption by the Seller), (i) the Notes Final Legal
Maturity Date oP such Noto Series and (si) the Fund Liquidation Date.

During the Noto Series Amortisation Period, the holders of the Notes of such Note
Series shall reccivo interest and principal payments on cach Payment Date in
accondance with the applicable Priority of Payments.

The Scheduled Amortisation Starting Date, the Note Series 20xx-3y Call Date(s) if
any) and the Notes Final Legal Muturity Date of a given Note Series shall be
specified in the relevant Issuing Document.

31.5. Periods ol Notes Series and Periods of the Fund!

During the Programme Revolving Period, the outstanding Not Series may be in their Note
Series Revolving Period or, as the case may be, in their Note Series Amortsation Period.
Dating the Programme Amortisation Period, all Note Series shall be in their Note Seres
Amorisation Period (irespoctive of hi respective Schedulcd Amortisaion Starting Date
and thcir Note Series 20%-yy Call Dates).


32

Dating the Programme Accelersted Amortisaion Period, all Note Sercs shall e in thir Note
Series Amomisation Periods (irespectve of thir respective Scheduled Amortsation Starting
Date and tir Not Series 20xx-yy Call Dat(s).

31: Issuances ol Note Series
So longas:

(a) the Initial Note Series Isuance Conditions Precedent set out in section 4.132 of ho
Securities Note have been satisic, the Fund may issu, upon decision of he Seller,
ne or several Note Seres on the Fund Incorporation Date; and

(6) the Further Note Series Issuance Conditions Precedent et out in section 4.133 o he
Securities Note have been satisfied, the Fund may issu, upon decision of the Seller,
additional Noto Series on cach Issue Date until th end of he Programme Revolving
Period. The Fund is not required to permi any prior review by or to obtain the
consent of any Notcholder of any outstanding Noto Series to issue any additional
Nox Series.

317. Issuance Procedure
The procedure for the issue of fimhor Note Serios ie set out in the Secuitics Note,
3:18. Prospectus Supplement and Issuing Document

The requisitos in relation to the Isuing Document and Prospectus Supplements are set out in
he Secuitics Not.

Description of the entities participating in the issue and description of the dutis to be
performed by them

The emtitics paicipating in the Programme and a description oftbcir duics can be found in

¡event Company, on behaloFand or hc account of hc Fund, will procced on the
Fund Incorporation Date 10 exscute the Decd of Incorporation and the Master Reccivables
Sale and Purchase Agreement and to cntor into the agrecments that ar summarized in this
Base Prospeetus.

The Management Company declare that the summary descriptions of those agreements (he
Programme Documents) contsincd in the relevant sections of bis Base Prospectu, contain
he most important and material information on cach of the agreements and give a true and

ir view of thcr content, and no information that might affect the contents of the Base.
Prospectas has been omite,



33.

Description of the mehod and date of th sa, transfer, novtion,assignment of the aset, or
of any right andior obligatio in he assets o the issuer

33... General framework

Daring the Programme Revolving Period, the Programme Amortisaon Period and the
Programme Accclerated Amortisation Period, the Fund shall purchase from the Seller the
Eliible Rescivablesaising from the Credit Card Agreements and th Sellr sh

Eliible Roscivables aising fom Credit Card Agrecments.

transfer the

33.1. Initial Transfers and Additional Transfers

(a) — a Rescivable oignated under a Credit Card Agreement is deemed to be the subject of
an Initial Transfer when, prior to he contemplated transfer, the Seller is the sole
“owner o al amounts due under all outstanding Reccivables under such Credit Card
Agreement; and

(0) a Rescivable oiginated under a Credit Card Agreement is deemd to be the subject of
an Additional Transfer whcn, prior to the contempated transfer, a Reccivablo under
the same Credit Card Agreement has already ben subject to an Initial Transfer (and!
all the outstnding Purchascd Reccivable() deriving from such Credit Card
Agreement hasíve) not been repurchascd by the Seller orrecinded)

Transfer of Eigible Rescivabls in the contest of an Initial Transfr shall only occur during
he Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortistion Period. Conversely,
transfer of Eligible Reccivables in the contest of Adilional Transfrs shall occur during the
Programme Revolving Period, the Programme Amortisation Period and the Programme.
Accelerated Amorisation Period.

33.2. Receivables Purchase Procedure
(a) — Conditions Precedent to the Purchase of Reccivables

6) The Management Company shall, on the basis of he information or data
eccived from the Seller or the Service (as the case may be), veriy that ho
Conditions Precedent to ho Purchase of Reccivables are satificd on he Fund
Incorporation Date and, subsequenly, as of cach Effective Purchase Date in
he contest of Addiional Transfers, and as of cach Confirmation Date in the
context of Initial Transfers. The Management Company shall be ente to
rely for these purposes exclusively on the information and data provided by
the Seller or Servicer (as applicable), without the Management Company

:uy obligation to obtain any information or gather any data from
any other sources, whether public or privat,

For hs purposes, Conditions Precedent to the Purchase of Reccivables

En


0)

e

(o

0)

0)

0)

]

0)

o Seller Event of Defuit has occurred and is continuing on the
relevant Purchase Date:

o Servicer Terminstion Event has occured and is continuing unless
a Replacement Servicer hs ben appointed añer the occurrence of
such Servcer Termination Exent on or prior to the relevant Purchase
Date;

he Maximum Portílio Amount will not be execeded

o Fund Liquidation Event has occurred on tho relevant Purchase
Date;

in the context of Initial Transfers only, ihe Management Company
as determined that () he Maximum Addition Amount criteria will
be met on th relevant Purchase Date or (4) if such Maximum
Adkdition Amount criteria xill not be met on the relevant Purchase
Date, lhe Relevant Rating Agencios have confirmed to the
Mar

-ment Company that the transfer of Rescivables in he context
of an Initial Transfer (only) on th relevant Purchase Date will not
result in a downgrade or wihdrawal o he then current ratings of the
ten outstanding Rated Notes:

in the context of Initial Transfers only, the Sllr has validly made a
Sale Offer af Reccivables to the Fund;

during the Programme Accelerted Amortisation Period only, the
Sale Offer made by the Seller to the Fund docs not include any
Rescivables in he content of Initial Transfers and

he Seller has audited financial statements for the previous two (2)
years without reservations (salvedades) which may afect
he Rescivables and those have been filed with the CNMV. lo
anicular, for the transfer of Roscivables to be made on the Fund

finan

Incorporation Date, the Seller has audited financial statements for
2014 and 2015.

Conditions Precedent to the Purchase ol Reccivables apply and are to be met
for both Initial Transfers and/or Additional Transfers as aplicable,

For bese purposes

Seller Event of Default means the occurrene of any of the following events

Lo BreschofObligaons

“Any breach by the Seller of


o

0)

0)

2

any of lis material monsmonctary obligations under any Programme
Documento which its a party (exp! if he breach s due to force majeure)
and such breach is mot remedicd by th Seller within ten (10) Business Days
(orwithin fíen (15) Business Daysi he breach is dueto technical reasons)
ftor the caricr of he date on which ts aware of such breach andorroscipt
af notification in witing to the Seller by the Management Company to
remedy such breach; or

any of its monctay obligaions when dus under any Programme Document to
vwbich its a party (except if th breach is due to force majcur) and such
reach is not remedied by th Seller within five (5) Business Days (or vithin
en (10) Business Days f the breach is due to tcchnical reasons) añcrtho
caricr of the dote on which it is aware of such breach andía reccipt of
notification in writing to the Seller by the Management Company to remedy
such breaeh; or

any ol the represemtations or warrantics given by the Seller under any
Programme Document (other han, with respect to the Master Reccivables
Sale and Purchase Agrcement, he representations or warrantics given by the
Seller with respect o 1hc sale and transfer of Reccivabls, Ue Credit Car
Agrecments and the Client Accounis saisfying the Eligibility Criteria) to
vwbich isa pary or in any certificate delivered pursuant o the Programme
Documents to which it is- party is material false or incorrect in any
material respect and, where such materally fase or incorret representation
or warranty can be corrected or remedied by the Seller, is not corected or
remedied by the Seller sithin ten (10) Business Days (or within ffcen (15)
Business Days fth breach is due o technical reasons) añcr th calor 0S the
date on which it is aware of such mistpresentation andor reccipt of
úotification in writing to the Seller by the Management Company to remedy
such false orincorretrepresentation or warranty

Insolvency

“Any ofthe following events occur in espect of the Seller

o

0)

The Seller is unable or admits inbilit to pay its debts as they fall due,
suspends making payments on any of ts debts or by reason of actual or
anticipated financial diíiclis, commences negotstins with one or more
fits creditor wáth a view o reschdiling any oPits indebtedness

Except as provided below, any corporate action, legal proccedings or olher
procedure or ste taken in relation to:

(A) — a declaraion of insolvency (concurso), winding up, intervention,
dissolution, administration or reorganistion (by way of volumtary
arrangement hemo o arangement or otherwise) o he Soler

20


(8) — a composition, compromiso, assignment or arrangement with any
ereditr of 1he Seller being owed more than E15.000,000 or (a
number of creditrs of he Servicer being owd in aggre
than €l5,000,000, in ciher case by reason of actual or amticipated

difficult

finan

(C) the appointment of a liqidator, administrator judicial or ohervise)
ompulsory manager or other similar ofier in respect of the Seller
ray ofi assts;

(D) — the revocatin, withdrawal or suspension by th Bank of Spain he
license of the Seller as an Establecimiento Financiero de Crédito-
Entidad de Pago Híbrida or thc taking of any discplinary, resolution,
recopitaliaion or recovery action against the Seller pursuant to
Tegisatio implementing Directivo 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and
of the Council, of 1S May 2014, in any jurisdition which has a
material negative efct on the ability of the Seller to perform its
úbligations under any Programme Document; or

(E) any analogous procedure or step s taken in any juisditio

provided however hat no Seller Event of Default would have occurred if any
petition is frivolows or vexstious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed
within 30 days of commencement.

Maximum Adidítion Amount means, with respect to the ofr o he Roccivables to
be sold and transferred by the Seller to the Fund in the context of Initial Transfers
(only), he criteria which is saisic if on any applicable Purchase Dato during the
Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period conditions (1)
and (2) below are both satisfied:

o

“Condition (1): A” is equal t, orss than, the product of” and C*, where

>? is equal to the aggregate number of new Eligble Reccivables assigned in
he context of Initial Transfers during the last twelve (12) months preceding
such applicable Purchase Date (or since the Fund Incorporation Date if the
applicable Purchase Date occurs less than bwelve (12) months ar the Fund
Incorporation Dat), including the mumber of El

transferrd in the context of Initial Transfers om such applicable Purchase
Date;

ble Reccivables to be

48 is equal to the maximum between (A), (8) and (C) below

(A) the aggregate mumber of outstanding Purchasod Reccivables as o he
proceding Purchase Date which occurred on th twlfih month before
such applicable Purchase Dat;

20


0)

(E) — the aggregate mumber of outstanding Purchasod Reccivables as o he
Purchase Date immediately following the date on which the Relevant
Rating Agencies have confimmed that the sale and transfer of
Rescivables on such Purchase Date will not result in a downgrade or
vvithdrawal of ho then Current rings of the Notes by tho Relevant
Rating Agencies, provided hat this paragraph (di) wosld be only be
taken into account for the calculaion of E" where the Fund has
requested confirmation of the ratings of the Rated Notes by the
Relevant Rating Agencies to cxcced the Maximum Addiion Amount
na Purchase Date in the past;

(C) the aggregate mumber of outstanding Purchasod Reccivables as o he
Purchase Date on whieh ihe Relevant Rating Agencies have
«confirmed that the issuance a further Note Serics on such Purchase
Date will not result in a downgrade or withdrawval of the hen current
ratings of the then outstanding Notes by the Relevant Rating
Agencies (including the Fund Incorpoation Date)

C" is equal to 25 per cent. (25%) (or any olher percentage olherwise
specified in the last Prospecta Supplement)

“Condition (2): A” is equal t, or ss than, the product of" and C*, where

“40 is equal to the ageregate Outstanding Principal Balance ofncw Eligibe
Rescivables transfered in the contest of Initial Transfers during the last
twelve (12) months preceding such applicable Purchase Date (or since the
Fund Incorporation Date if the applicable Purchase Date occur less hn.
iwelve (12) months añer ihc Fund Incorporation Date), including Abc
Outstanding Principal Balance of Eigible Reccivables to e transfered in ho
context af Initial Traníers on such applicable Purchase Date;

” is equal to the maximum been (A) (8) and (C) below

(A) the aggrogate Outstanding Principal. Balance of outstanding
Purchased Reccivables as af the preceding Purchase Date which
occurred on the EwelAh month before such applicable Purchase Date;

(E) the aggrogate. Outstanding Principal. Balance of oststanding
Purchased Roccivables as of the Purchase Date immedistely
following the last date on which tho Relevant Rating Agencies have
«confirmed that the sale and transfer of Reccivables on such Purchase

Date will not resultin a downgrade or withdrawal o the hen current
ratings of the Rated Notes by the Relevant Rating Agencies, provided!
ha his paragraph () would be only be taken into account for the
calcultion of" where the Fund has requested confirmation of the


ratings the Rated Notes by the Relevant Rating Agencies to excced
the Maximum Addison Amount on a Purchase Dat in th past:

(C) the aggrogate Outstanding Principal. Balance of oststanding
Purchased Reccivables as of the Purchase Date on wbich the
Relevant Rating Agencies have confirmed that the istuance of
funher Nate Series on such Purchase Date will not result in a
downgrade or wilhdnaval of the ihen curent rings of the ten
¿outstanding Rated Notes by the Relevant Rating Agencies (including
the Fund Incorporation Date

+" is equal to 25 por cent (25%) (or any other percentage olherwise
specified in the last Prospecta Supplement)

(0) Purchase Date and Effective Purchase Date

o

0)

Olor than for the transfer af Eligible Reccivable to be made on the Fund
Incorporation Dat, the purchase date of Hligible Reccivables (the Purchase.
Date) shall be

(A) — in the context of Initial Transfers, the date of delivery by the
Mar

-ment Company of the Sale Acceptance which shall occur on
he first Business Day following cach Confirmation Date; and

(8) — inte contes of Additional Transfers, the first Business Day ar the
Drawing Date of the corresponding Reccivables.

For bese purposes

Confirmation Date means cight ($) Business Days following cach Monthly
Reporting Date. Fo clarification purposes, the first Confirmation Date after
the Fund Incorporation Date will be 13 June 2017.

Drawing Date means any date on which a Drawing is made by the Borrower.
in accordance with sction 22 of the Additional Building Block.

Nowwitistanding. paragraph () above, other than for ihe tmnsfer of
Reccivables made on the Fund Incorporation Dat, the transter ofhe Eligible
Rescivable shall have economic effects between the Seller and hc Fund (the
Eliecive Purchase Date) from:

(A) in the contest of Initial Transfers, the first calendar day aÑcr ho
relevant Confirmation Date an which the Seller has procoeded to
mark intenally in is system th transfer of
he Fund; and

206


(o

0)

(8) — in the context of Adéitional Transfers, the Drawing Date of the
comesponding Eligible Reccivables.

Any amount of principal, interes, eos (other han Interchange Fccs), default

ins and any other
related payments reccived by the Seller from the Effective Purchase Date
(úncluded) shall accrue to the Pund.

interest (if applicable), penalti, Insurance Indemnific

“According, all such amounts shall be collected by ho Server, acting for
and on behall of the Fund, and transfered by tho Servicer o the General
Account

Selection and transfer of Reccivables in the context of Initial Transfers

The purchase procedure af Eligible Roccivables in the context of Initial Transfers
shall be th following:

o

0)

0)

0)

on any relevant Selection Date during the Programme Revolving Period and
ie Programme Amortisation Period, sho Seller may sclcet Eligible
Reccivablesto be transferred by the Seller to the Fund in the context of an
Initial Transfer, on a random basis among the available poo of reccivables
riginatd by the Seller and saisiying the Eligiilisy Criteria in order to
comply with thc Minimum Purchase Amownt as described in section 3.1.5
af he Additional Building Block

Once the Eligible Reccivables have been selected according to paragraph (1)
above, the Seller will send by cmail (or any other appropriate means of
electronic transfer) to the Management Company, by 2pm CET on such
Selection Date, the clcctronic files with account by account information
related to the selected Eligible Roscivables with respct to the information
available on such Selection Date (the New Client Account Purchase

Report).

Upon receipt of the electronic files referred to in paragraph () por encima
de, he Management Company shall, at the latest on the Confirmation Date
immediately following the Selection Date () verify whether the Seller has
falfled (or will ful) as at such date the Conditions Precedent o the
Purchase of Roscivables in he contest of Initial Transfers; (ió) verify the
compliance of the selected Eligible Reccivables with ho Eligibility Criteria;
“and (si) inform the Seller hc result of such verficaions

If the verificatons by the Management Company are postie, the Seller will
procced on the Confirmation Date to mark the selected Eligible Reccivables
as Purchased Reccivables on ts IT system with efect as of the Effective
Purchase Dat,

20


(0) The Seller will deliver to the Management Company by 2p0n CET on the first
Business Day following the relevant Confirmation Date (such date
comresponding to the applicable Purchase Dat):

(A) — sale offer of the selected Eligble Reccivables (each, a Sale OfTer)
which shall indicate (1) the mumber of the selected Eligible
Reccivables for Initial Transfer and (the aggregato Ouistanding
Principal Balances of the selected Eliible Roscivables (by 2 PM
CET as ofthe applicable Purchase Date)

(8) the clectronic files with account by account information related o he
selected Eligble Reccivables with respect to the information
available on the applicable Confirmation Date (she “Financial File”
thats part of Now Client Account Purchase Report)

The delivery of the Sale Offer shall imply (1) an irrevocable offer to transfer
the selected Eliible Reccivables in the context of Initial Transfers (ió) he
accuracy of he information included in the New Client Account Purchase
Report (as defined above) and (ió) the Seller's dclartin that he Eligibiliy
Criteria and all the representations and waramties set out st out in section
223 of the Additional Building Block have bcen met and the Conditions
Precoden to ho Purchase of Reccivablos have been saisficd on th Purchase
Date.

(vi) Following the receipt of the Sale Offer, on the same Purchase Date, the
Management Company shall send to the Seller ho corresponding acceptance
(he Sale Acceptance) having such Sale Acceptance the cfecis set out in
amicle 1,462 e seg of the Civil Code in relation to Purchasod Reccivables.

The procedure described above may be updated or amended from time to time
between the Seller and tho Management Company in orde to take ito account any
“upgrade or update of the Seller's information systems, provided hat it will have no.
“adverse cfícet on the Fund and a prior writen notification will be delivered by the
Management Company and the Seller to the Relevant Rating Agencies. No
amendiment to the Decd of Incorporaion of the Fund shall e required unless the
amendment proposed by the Seller and the Management Company has a negative
fest om the Fund or he rights of the notcholders or the funders af he Fund,

(4) Transters o Reccivables in hc context of Adáitional Transfers

6) The Seller has undetaken to transfer to he Fund on cach Purchase Date
ring the relevant Purchase Period, all Eigible Reccivables in the context of
Additional Transfers (only) which may have arisen since the immediately
proceding Elfetive Purchase Date (exclusive) corresponding to the relevant
Client Account, regardlessofthcir amount

20


The Eligible Reccivables to be transfered by the Seller o the Fund in the
context of Additional Transfers will not be selcted by ho Seller bat will be
automatically offered to Ahe Management Company and accepted by the

later, subjcct to th satisfaction of th relevant Conditions Precedent to the

Purchase of Reccivables in the context of Addiional Transfers.

For those purposes, Purehase Period means with respect to a Monthly
Payment Date

(A) — in the context of an Addiional Transfer, the calendar month
immediately preceding such Monthly Payment Date, and

(8) — in the context of an initial transfer, the Purchase Date immediately
proceding such Monthly Payment Date.

Gi) The Seller shall send to the Management Company on cach Purchase Date

(A) a Sale Ofter ol Eliible Rescivables which sall indicate by reference
lo the Drawing Purchase Report which must bo jointly submited
with tn accordance with (B) below), (4) the number of the offered
Eliible Reccivables for Addiional Transfer and (y) the aggregate
Outstanding Principal Balances of the offered Eligible Reccivables
(as ofthe applicable Efectivo Purchase Date) and

(E) the electronic files (cach, a Drawing Purchase Report) wit
information on an individual basis on ho Drawings of cach Eligible
Rescivable subject mater of an Additional Transfer, as af thcir
applicable Effective Purchase Dato

The delivery of the Sale Offer shall imply (1) an irrevocable offer to transfer
he offered Reccivables, () the accuracy of the information included in ho
Drawing Purchase Report and (i) hc Sellers declaraion hat the Eliibiliy
Criteria and all the reprsentations and waranties set out st out in section
224 of the Additional Building Block have been met and the Conditions
Preceden to ho Purchase of Reccivables have been saisficd on th Purchase
Date.

Upon reccip of he Sale Ofr, he Management Company shall be deemed to
have accepted such sale ofer (having such acceptance the efcts set out in
anicle 1,462 et seg. of Ihe Civil Code in relation to the Receivables
Purchased)

(e) Commonterms applicable to the transfers of Rescivables

6) Subject o the fulilment of hc relevant Conditions Precedent to the Purchase:
of Reccivable, hc transfer of Eligble Reccivablesarising from the Credit



0)

0)

0)

Card Agreements will bo mude in accordance with the provsions in anicles
152610 1,536 of the Civil Code and articles 347 and 348 of the Commercial
Code.

The Fund shall have no recourss to th Seller in respect of any defsult, bad
debis or the losses in relation to any Purchascd Reccivables except as
provided forn his Base Prospectus or the Desd of Incorporation.

Pursuant to article 1,528 of the Civil Code, the transfer of the Eligible
Rescivables to the Fund shall cmsl the transfr af any ancillay rights
attached to ho trnsferrod Reccivables (if any), including fr th avoidance
of doubt, any Insurance Indermnification,

On the Calculaion Dat, th Seller vil send by email to the Mar
Company a document signed by a duly authorised attorney containing (he
number of the Purchasod Roccivables transferred to the Fund during the
previous Purchase Period (in Ahe context of both Initial Transfers and
Additional Transfer); Gi) the aggrcgate Ouistanding Principal Balances o he
Purchased Rescivables transferrod to the Fund during th previous Purchase!
Period (in the contes of both Initial Transfers and Additional Transfer); and
(ii) the Sellers declaraion that the Eligibility Criterio and all the
representtions and warrantics set out in section 228 of the Additional
Evilding Block have been met and the Conditions Precedent to th Purchase
af Reccivables have been satisfied in comnction with such Purchased

Rescivables on thci relevant Purchase Date,

The Management Company shall coumtersign the abovementionod document
and send a signed oiginal to the Seller.

In accordance with the provisions o article 17 of Law 5/2015 and in orderto
achieve cerainty of the date of the transfer o the Purchased Reccivables for
he purposes of aricle 1,526 of the Civil Code, on a monthly basis. 1ho
Management Company will forvard to the CNMV the document efered to
in paragraph (iv) above signed by both the Seller and the Management
together with a deta fl regarding the Purchasod Roccivables during the
oresponding Purchase Period using the CIFRADOCICNMV service;

In the cvent that, al any timo and for any reason, the Management Company
is unable to use this system, it undertakes, together with the Seller, o send on
any other dote and at th latest before the next Monthly Payment Date to the
CNMV a document or notification with the same content or, ¡Pot possible,
he Seller and the Management will appear before the Spanish Notary
designated by thc Management Company for th purposes of raising to the
status of a public document any purchase of Reccivables mado hereunder.

210


(provided that all cost and expenses arsing from any such notarisaions hall
e bome by the Fund).

(0 Refusal of Sale Offers by the Managerment Company

The Management Company shall refuse any Sale Offer with respect to any Eligible
Reccivables to be sold and ransferred by the Seller in the context of an Initial
Transfer, ¡Fine General Eliibiliy Criterio and/or the Specific Eligibilty Criteria with

respect to the comesponding Reccivable, Client Account or Credit Cand Agreement
are not complicd with on their relevant Purchase Dat,

In such event, and provided that no Revolving Temmination Event and no Accelerated
Amortisaion Event shall have occurred, hc Unspplicd Revolving Amount (if any)
vil be eredited to the Revolving Account in accordance with the applicable Priority
of Payments fr the purpose of purchasing Reccivables on later Purchase Dates

(E) Postponement or suspension of purchase of Reccivabls in the context of Additional
Transfers

1 for any reason wbatsocwer, () the Seller is unable 10 transfer any Eligible
Reccivables in the context of Additional Transcrs on any Purchase Date or () he
applicable Conditions Preccdont to Ahe Purchase of Reccivables (save for the
Conditions Precedet to the Purchase of Reccivables relating to Eligbility Criteria)
are not fully satisicd provided that the Management Company shall mak ts best
fot to notify the Seller as soon as possible in advance should it become are hat
such suspension may occur) on the applicable Purchase Dato, the purchase of ligible
Reccivables by he Fund shall be suspended.

The Seller shall sel such Eligible Reccivables in hc context af Adéitional Transfers
on the fist Business Day on which such transfer is possible, provided that the
relevant Conditions Precedent to Ahe Purchase of Reccivables in the context of

Additional Transfers re satsfcd on such date

In such event, and provided that no Revolving Temmination Event and no Accelerated
Amortisaion Event shall have occurred, the Unspplicd Revolving Amount (¡ any)
vil be credited to the Revolving Account in accordance with the applicable Priority
of Payments for the purpose of purchasing Eligible Reccivables on the applicable
Purchase Dates.

(6) Transfer of Reccivables on the Fund Incorporaion Date

Nowwithstanding the above, the transfr of Eliible Reccivables to be made on the
Fund Incorporstion Date (for such purposes, a Purchase Date and an Effective
Purchase Date) will o eected in the Decd of Incorporaion of the Fund. To this
fet, ho Decd of Incorporaion oc Fund shall include th necessary provisions to
carey out such transfer (including the relevant Seller's declaraion o hc flfilment of

En


“il the representations and warrantics and the Conditions Procede o he Purchase of
Rescivables have been satisfia).

33.13. Effects of the purchase of the Reccivables and Seller's guarantees

On cach Purchase Dato, the Reccivables shall be sold and transforred by the Seller o the
Management Company, for and on behalf o th Fund, with (1) th stautory guarantee of the
existence and legitimacy (eginimidad) o such Receivables as per atcls 1,529 of he Civil
Code and 348 of the Commercial Codo, () the warranty as lo their conformity on the
applicable Purchase dat wit th Fligbility Crtcria and (ii) he undertacings in the Master
Rescivables Sale and Purchase Agreement

This notwithstandin, the transfer of the Eligible Roccivables shall have economic eects

between the Seller and the Fund from the Efectivo Purchase Date.

The Seller and the Management Company, acting for and on behalf of he Fund, expressly
agree hat any Reccivabl that docs not comply with the Eigibiliz Criteria on ho applicable
Purchase Date shall he deemod to be a non-<ompliant Reccivable (cacha Non-Compliant
Reccivable)

The Seller undetakos not to sell and transfer to the Management Company, acting in the
ame and on behalf of the Fund, any Non-Compliant Reccivable. To this end, the Seller
underiakes to carry out such necessary acts in order not to include any Non-Compliant
Reccivable in any Sale Offer

33.14. — Purchase Price, ElTetive Purchase Price and Deferred Purchase Price of the
le Reccivables

The Fund shal pay to the Seller, on any Monthly Payment Date, the Purchase Price of he
Eliible Reccivables transforrod to the Fund in the conte of Initial Transfers and Additional
Transfers on cach Purchase Dates during the Purchase Period preceding such Monthly
Payment Date.

The Effective Purchase Price and the Deferred Purchase Price shall bo determined on cach
Calculaion Date prior to the corresponding Monthly Payment Date by the Mar
Company on an aggregate basis or all Elgible Reccivabls purchased by the Fund during the
proceding Purchase Period, and will no be individual allocated to any particular Puchased
Rescivables, provided that the sum oh Effective Purchase Price and th Deferred Purchase
Price for all Eigible Reccivables purchased on any given Purchase Period will bo cqual to
1009 of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of such Eligible Reccivables s of the
applicable Effective Purchase Dates

Th Purchase Price will be paid as follows:

a


(a) the Effective Purchase Price of the Eligible Reccivables purchased during a Purchase
Period shall bo paid on the immcdistely folowing Morhly Payment Date subjet to
he spplicable Priority of Payments; andar

(0) the Defered Purchase Price shall be paid on cach Monthly Payment Date following
he Monthly Payment Date on which the Effective Purchase Price of such Eligible
Rescivables has ben or should have bcen paid subject to the applicable Priority of
Payments.

The Defered Purchase Price is the portion f the Purchase Price which is not paid by the
Fund to the Seller for the transfer of cerin Eligible Roccivables on the Monthly Payment
Dates following the applicable Purchase Period,

Dating the Programme Revolving Period (the Residual Principal Deficieney Ledger is in
debit at the preceding Calculaion Date), the Programme Amortisaton Period and tho
Programme Acclrated Amortisation Period, the purchase of new Eliible Reccivables will
be fundod through the Deferred Purchase Price (andior with the Available Distribution
Amount, áany, in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payment)

For clarii

ion purposes, the Deferred Purchase Price is not limited and could be used o
fund the total amount of he Purchase Price of th Eligible Reccivables purchased by the Fund!
during the Programme Revolving Period (the Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is in
debi at the preceding Calculaion Date), the Programme Amortisaton Period and tho
Programme Accclerated Amortisstion Period,

Ia Deferred Purchase Price is recorded by the Management Company on a Monthly Payment
Date, the Management Company and the Seller hereby acknowledge and agree that such
Deterred Purchase Price is only a term for the payment of hi portion of the Purchase Price
"y the Fund to the Seller and shall not constitute a ground o rescind (resolver or rescindir)
he transer af th coresponding Eligible Reccivable. Such Defered Purchase Price shall bo
added to the existing Deferred Purchase Prices which remain umpaid as of such Monthly
Payment Date (if any) and thoreforeincrcaso the uistanding amount ol Aggregato Deferred
Purchase Price,

The Fund shall pay to the Seller interest (the DPP Interes) on the outstanding Aggregate
Detered Purchase Pri in accordance with ho following provisions

(a) — DPP Interest will be calculated by the Management Company on cach Calculation
Date.

(6) The amount of DPP Interest payable to the Seller (he Aggregate DPP Interest
Amount) will be equal to he product of

6) the relovantSellr Share Interest Rate;

a


Gi) the Aggregate Deferrod Purchase Price as of he preceding Monthly Payment
Date; and

(Gi) the day count fraction corresponding to the ratio between () the actual
ffetive days in cach Interest Accrual Period and (a 360-¿ay year,

“and sound the resultant figure to Ah nearest cnt

Far hese purposes, th term while there isa Deferred Purchase Price shall he divided
into consecutivo interes accrual period (cach o them, an Interest Acerual Period)
comprising the days effectively clapsed between cach Monthly Payment: Date,
including in cach Interest Accrual Period the initial Momhly Payment Date and
excluding th final Monthly Payment Date. The first Interest Accrual Period shall
ommence on the date on which there s a Deferred Purchase Price amount and end!
on the immediately following Monthly Payment Date.

(e) The Aggregate DPP Interest Amount will be paid in accordance with and subject to
he Priority of Payments.

(d) Any Aggregate DPP Interest Amounts which have not been paid to the Sellr dueto
shortage of Available Distribution Amount will be paid on the following Monthly
Payment Date on wbich the Available Distribution Amounts permi said payment
according to the applicable Priority of Payments. Such amounts will be paid in
preference to the Aggregte DPP Intrest Amounts payable on said Monthly Payment
Date. The Aggregate DPP Interest Amounts owed to the Seller that remain unpaid
according to the provision of the prior paragrapbs vil not accrue defult ies! in
favour of the Se

(6) Any Aggregate DPP Interest Amounts not paid on the Fund Liquidation Date hall be
ancelled and deemed asa final los fr the Seller.

For he purposes of his section 33.14

Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price mcans, on any Calculation Date and in respect o all
Purchased Reccivable, the aggregate amount ol all Deferred Purchase Prices which remain
“mpaid as och Calcultion Dat

Deferred Purchase Price mcans, on any Calcultion Date and in respect of the Receivables
transferred o the Fund on the Purchase Period immediately proceding such Calculation Date,
the portion oS the Purchase Price af such purchased Reccivables which is no! to be paid by the
Fund on the following Monthly Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priority of
Payments.

Etfective Purchase Price means, on any Calculation Date and in respec of the Receivables
transfered to the Fund on any Purchase Period immediately preceding such Calcultion Date

24


(2) — during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amonisation Period
only, the portion of the Purchase Price of such Eligble Reccivables which is to be
efectively paid by the Fund on th following Monthly Payment Date in accordance
vvith the Principal Priority of Payments and which shall bo funded by the Available
Principal Amount; and.

(6) duringthe Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period only, 1 s long as any Notes
of any outstanding Note Seres has not been fully redecmed, zro (0) and () once all
Nokes ofall Note Seris have been redcemed in ful, the portion of the Purchase Price
af such Eligible Reccivables which sto be efectivly paid by the Fund on the
following Monthly Payment Date in accordance with the Accelerated Priority of
Payments and which shall o funded by the Available Distribution Amount

Purchase Price means, on any Calculation Date and in resp o he Reccivabls transferred
to the Fund on any Purchase Period immediately preceding such Calcuation Date, an amount
qual o 100% of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance o such Eliible Roccivable as
af be applicable Effective Purchase Dato

Seller Share Interest Rate mcans, on any Monthly Payment Date, th annual fixed interest
rate which shall e calculated by the Management Company as follows:

(a) for so long as the Class A Notes of any Note Serios are outstanding, the average
interest rate of all Class A Notes which are outstanding as weighted by thcir
respective Principal Amount Outstanding on such Monthly Payment Dat (taking into
account the applicable swap rate plas margin for Class A Notes bearing a fosting
rate, iFapplicable)

(6) once he Class A Notes oPall Note Sercs have been redecmned in full and for so long
as the Class B Notes of any Note Series re outstanding, the average interest rate of
“ll Clas E Notes which ac outstanding as weighted by their respectivo Principal
Amount Outstanding on such Monthly Payment Date (king into accosnt the
applicable swap rate plus margin for Class 3 Notes bearing a Mosting rate, 4£
applicable:

(6) once he Class B Notes of all Note Seics have been redecrnd in full and for so long
as the Class C Notes of any Note Series are outstanding, the average interest rate of
“il Class C Notes which ac outstanding as weighted by their respectivo Principal
Amount Outstanding on such Monthly Payment Date (king into accosnt the
applicable swap rate plus margin for Class C Notes bearing a Mosting rate, 1£
applicable): and

(4) inany othercases, 1.30 per cent or any oler percentage specified as such in he last
Prospectus Supplement,


For those purposes, Seller Share Interest Payable Amount ncans, on any Monthly Payment
Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period, the
amount cqual to:

(a) the agregate of () the SICF Interest Amount and () ho Aggregate DPP Interest
“Amount due on such Monthly Payment Date; les

(6) — any Seller Dilutions due by the Seller o the Fund on or prior the Calculation Date
(áfnot already reccived by the Fund on or prior such Calculation Dato),

as calculated by the Management Company on the Calculaion Date immediately preceding
such Monthly Payment Date

3315. — Minimum Purchase Amount and Minimum Portfolio Amount - Required
Seller Share
(a) — Minimum Purchase Amount and Minimum Portfolio Amount

Nowwitkstanding any postponement or suspension of the purchase of Eligible
Reccivables, the Seller hs undertaken to (1) transfer to the Fund Eligiblo Reccivables
in the context of Additional Transfers; and (during the Programme Revolving
Period and the Programme Amortisation Period, make is best cffori o transfer to
the Fund Eligible Reccivables in the context of Initial Transfers for an amount
1east equal to the Minimum Purchase Amount on cach Purchase Date in orderto met
the Minimum Portfolio Amos

Failure by the Seller to transfer Eligible Reccivables to the Fund for an amount al
least equal to the Minimum Purchase Amount on cach Purchase Date during the
Programme Revolving Period and the Programm Amortisaion Period shall neither
constitute a Seller Event of Defsult during the Programme Revolving Period or the
Programme Amontiation Period, nor necessarily cause the occuence of the
Revolving Termination Event during he Programme Revolving Period.

(0) Breachofthe Minimum Purchase Amount

On the Determination Date immediately preceding the relevant Purchase Date in
connection with Initial Transfers only, the Management Company sal! notiy the
Seller the Available Purchase Amount and ho Minimum Purchase Amount and on
the Confirmation Date proceding the relevant Purchase Date confirm that the
Minimum Purchase Amount is met

1f the Seller or the Management Company have recorded that the Minimum Parehase
Amount has not been met on the Calcultion Date immediately afer such
Confirmation Date, the Seller shall make is best fons to transfer additional
Rescivables in th context of Initial Transfers on he immediately following Purchase
Date to ensure the Minimum Purchase Amount is met, such transfer to be made in

216


(o

“accordance with the procedure forescen in section 3.3.1.2 of he Additional Building

Block.

Required Seller Share

o

0)

0)

0)

The Required Seller Share hall never be les than sx per cent (6%) af the
Principal Amount Ouistanding of all issued Note Serios;

1 the Fund Incorporation Date, the Required Seller Share shall hc cqual to

six per cent (6%) of the Princz

1 Amount Outstanding of the Notes of he

first Note Seris issued on the Fund Incorporation Date;

aftor the Fund Incorporation Date the Seller may increase or decrease the
Resuired Seller Share as specific in he last Prospectus Supplement, taking
into account however that any reduction shall he subject to the satisfaction of
the following conditions:

0)

e

(o

0)

he condition set out in paragraph () above shall be complid at all
times during the lie of the Fund (i. the Required Seller Share shall
ever holes han sx por cent (6%)

prior notice is given to the Management Company and cach Relevant
Rating Agencies no later than 30 calendar days prior to the fetive
date of such reduction;

any reduction in the Required Seller Share will not result in the
downgrade or withdrawal of the then curent rating af any of th then
¿outstanding Rated Notes by any of the Relevant Rating Agencies;
and

he reduction will mot cmuse Ahe occumence of a Revolving
Terminstion Event or an Ascelerted Amonisation Event on such.
date

On any date after he Fund Incorporation Dat the applicable Required Seller
Share shall be that specific in ho latest Prospectas Supplement

For bese purposes

Available Purchase Amount meuns:

0)

on cach Determination Date during the Programme Revolving Period, hc sum of

o

Ae product of

27


(A) — The agregate ofi Note Series 20xx-3y Principal Ratio o ll Notes
Seris having a Scheduled Amoniation Starting Date occuring añer
he Monthly Payment Date following such Determination Date; and

(E) — the Available Principal Collections sith respect to the Collection
Period immediately preceding such Determination Date;

Gi) the Unapplicd Revolving Amount standing a the credit of he Revolving
Account as of lose ofhe preceding Monthly Payment Date

(6) othenvise,2ero(0),

Note Series 20xx-yy Principal Ratio means, on cach Calculation Dato, with respect to any
outstanding Note Seris, the percentage equal to (which percentago shall never exceed 100
percent,

(2) — during Programme Revolving Period:

6 the Note Series 20xxe3y Initial Principal Amount; divided by

Gi) the aggregate ofthe Nate Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounts oPall the
hen outstanding Note Serics muliplicd by the sum of () 1 and (li) the
Resuired Seller Share; aná

(6) during Programme Amortisaion Period:

6) the Note Series 20%3-yy Initial Principal Amount; divided by

Gi) the aggregate ofthe Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounts oPall the
ten outstanding Note Series.

The sum ofall Note Serios 20x1-yy Principal Ratios shall nover be greater than 100 per cen

¡mum Portfolio Amount means an amount as determined by the Management Company
on any Calculation Date and equal t the product of () he Principal Amount Outstanding of
all Note Seris om the last Monthly Payment Date (taking into account any redemption o any
Class of Notes o any Note Serie or any further issue of Nate Seres, o be effective mado on
he next Monthly Payment Date) ad () the sum of

(a) oneand

(6) the applicable Required Seller Share on such Calculaion Date

331.6. — Priority Allocation Rule

LE at any timo and for any reason whutsoever, in respec oa Client Account from which aso

any Purchased Reccivable(s), the Seller is still the owner of any outstanding reccivable(s)

ae


under such Client Account which are not Purchased Reccivables (sho Non Purchased
Receivables and together with the Purchased Reccivables arising from the same Client
Account, the Common Reccivables) the Seller and the Fund will have a joint ownership
right on any payments made by he relevant Borrower with respeto such Client Account

In such circumstanco, th Sellers sights on any payments of principal, interest and any other
amounts paid by the Borrower under the Non Purchascd Rescivables will be subordinated to
hc rights of the Fund to reccivo such payments and such amounts under the Purchased
Reccivables aising from the same Client Account (unless instructed by the relevant Borrower
to allocato any payment to any portion of the abovementioned Reccivablos at the time of
making the relevant payment; for instance, in store of the Carrefour group).

“As areslt ofi above and until the full repayment of the Purchased Reccivables held by the
Fund in respect of any Client Account

(2) the Fund shall be emtild to reccive in priority,
(including any arrears and penaltcs thcrcon) teccived by the Servicr from the
relevant Borrowcrand such amounts sal constitute Available Colcctins:

principal and interest amounts

(0) the Fund shall reccivo the Insurance Indemnificatios reccived from the Insurance
Companies in relation to Common Reccivables and such amownts shall constitute
Available Collections; aná

(c) the Seller hereby waives any rights to rtain or be rtransfrred by the Servicer any
such amownts paid by a Borrower in connection with the Common Reccivables and!

vundertakes o transfr any and al! amountsreccived by it19 the Fund.

The priority

tin lo sets out hero will apply

(a) — to any Client Account for which a Purchasod Roscivable ha been tranforrd by the
Sellero he Fund;

(0) during Programme Revolving Period, the Programm Amonistion Period and the
Programme Accclerated Amorisation Period, us from the Purchase Date of such
Purchased Reccivable in the contest of an Initial Transfer and until the coli oi)
he date on which all Purchased Reccivables held by the Fund in respect of such.
Client Account is fully repaid or (i) the last Setlement Date preceding the Fund
Liquidation Date.

331.7. Contractual Documents and Files

The transfer of he Eligible Reccivables in the context of Initial Transfes or Additional
Transfers on any Purchase Date shall not transfer to the Fund ttlc to the legal documents
(ncluding private legal documents) in posscssion of the Seller and documents which
constitute the legal medium (soporte legal) of such Eliible Reccivable, including the Credit
Card Agreements (the Contractual Documents) as at hc corresponding Purchase Dat,

219


Nowwithstanding the above, the Seller shall () ensure the safek<cping of the Contractual
Documents. relating to the Purchascd Reccivables, () establish appropriate custody
procedures and an independent inten

available promptly to the Servier (or the Replacement Servicer, as th case may be) all such
Contractual Documents iht th Servicer (or the Replacement Service, us the case may be)
may require in the exercise of lts duts, including, without limitation, fr the purposes of
enforcing the rights o he Fund under he Eligible Roccivable.

ngoing control such procedures, and (ii) make

33... Insurance Indemmifications

The transfer of the Eligible Reccivables to he Fund implics the transfer of any Insurance
Indemmifictions payable to the Seller under any Insurance Policies entered into by the
relevant Borrowerin connection with any Credit Card Agreement

Th Seller sal:

(a) notify the Fund as soon as it becomes aware af the existence of any Insurance
Indermnifictionspayable under he Insurance Policies; and

(6) transfersuch Insurance Indemnificatios

6 fistiy 0 th Collections Accounts promptiy and in any case within two (2)
Business Days añerreccipt in the relcvant Seller's accounts (provided hat
such amounts are reccived wilhin banking hours on the Business Day they
are reccived by the Seller, otherwise th following Business Day), and

Gi) then, once reccived into the Collections Account to the General Account
promply and in any case within one (1) Business Day following reccipt of
he amounis into the Collections Accounts (provided that such amounts are
received within banking hours on the Business Day they are received into the
Collections Accounts, otherwise the following Business Day),

unless such Insurance Indemnificaions have been cffectively and directly credited to
the General Account by the Insurance Companics.

3313. — Default of Conformity of the Reccivables — Breach of Representations and
Warranties - Non-Compliant Reccivables

jons and warantics and remedies are

The provisions regarding the breach of represento
described in soction 22.9 ofthe Additional Building Block.



33.110. Arrangementsaffecting the Credit Card Agreements

0)

ol

Introduction

Th terms of the Credit Card Agreements or ho Standard Forms may be subjest to
contractual amendmnents between the Seller and the Borrowers, lo the extent
permited by:

6) the applicable laws ad regulations; and/or
Gi) the provisions below
Permited Amendments

(6) The Seller shall be eniled to agree to any amendments to the Credit Card
Agrccments or the Standard Forms if such amendment (A) is the mandatory
result oP a final cours resolution, (B) is imposcd by any competen
administrative or regulatory authority, (C) affecs the interest ato or the feos,
he instalment due date, the instalment amount, the maximum authorised
credit amount and/or implis the aplicaion of grace periods for payment of
interest, o the extent permitted by the terms of such Credit Card Agreement,
the usual Credit Policies and the Servicing Policies or (D) is required by
applicable laws or regulations.

Gi) Furthermore, the Seller shall be entitlcd to agrec amendments to a Credit
Card Agreement as a result of the renegotations and compromisos reached
vvith ho Borrowers in accordance with section 37.2.12 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

(Gi) Other han in those cases forescen in (1) and (li) above, he Seller may amend!
he tcs and conditions of any Credit Card Agrecment and th Standard
Forms from which the outstanding Purchased Reccivables or nonctransorred
Eliible Reccivables avise ater having delivered a prior wriften notice for
information purposes to the Management Company and the Relevant Rating
Agencies (including he terms which may be subject to contractual
“amendiments described above), provided hat

(A) such amendmen is also applicd o any comparable segment of credit
card agreements owned and/or sevicod by tho Seller and which have.
he same characteristics as, or substamtill similar o, the Credit Card
Agrecments from which the Eligble Reccivables derive; and

(8) suchramendment wosld not challenge the prfection of th transfer to
he Fund of any outstanding Purchased Reccivablos nor the potential
transfer of any Eligible Reccivablos (10 be transfered to ho und) in
he context of an Additional Transfer.



(o

The failure by the Seller to deliver prior writen notice for information
purposes to the Management Company and the Relevant Rating Agencies
shall not entils the Management Company to refisc an amendiment which
omplies th provisions above.

Breach af Undetkings and Remedies

In the event that ho Seller () amend he Credit Card Agreement or () amends,
waives or renegotates ihe terms of any Purehasod Roccivables in breach of the
undeniakings given by itself in its capaciny as Seller or Sevicer (including, without
limitaion, in breach of he provisions in section () above of this section or section
372.2 of the Additional Building Block), the Seller will repurchase such.
Rescivable, undertho following conditions

6) The repurchase shall hc made on any Repurchase Date prior to the second!
Cut-O4f Date following the date on wbich th waiver or the new terms oS that
Rescivable are applicable (with cconomis cects between the Seller and the
Fund from the relevant Effective Repurchase Date, from which the Seller
shall be cntiled to any amounis of principal, interes, fees (other than
Interchange Focs), default interest (if applicable), penaltis, Insurance
Indemmifications and any olher related payments received from the
coresponding Repurchased Reccivables as of the relevant Repurchase Date).

Gi) The amount payable as a consequence of such repurchase will be equal o:

(A) — the ten aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of cach relevant
Reccivable (before such amendment, waiver or rencgotiaion) and
any other outstanding Purchased Reccivables ariscn from the same.
Client Accosnt plas

(E) any accrucd and unpaid outstanding interest hrcon until (ut
excluding) the ElTetive Repurchase Date,

as of such Efectivo Repurchase Date. Payment will be cffected on the
immediately following Calcultion Date

1 the Sellr is unable to repurchaso the relevant Reccivables in accordance with ho
above, tbe Fund will Keep the owncrship of the relevant Reccivables and the Seller
shall indemniy the Fund in an amount equal o the amount payable under paragraph
(úl) above om he applicable Repurchase Date

Any amount paid to the Fund under hese provision will be exclusively allocatod to
he Fund and be credited 10 the General Account and form part of the Available
Collection.



(4) SellerDilutions

6) The Sellerhas undertaken to pay to he Fund all Seller Dilutios with respect
to any Purchasod Reccivable.

Gi) The amount of any Seller Dilution, as determined on the Determination Date
by the Management Company on the basis of ho Monthly Servicer Report,
shall be paid by the Seller on cach Calculation Date.

For ihose purposes

Corrected Available Principal Collections icons all amounis subject to any
adjusiment of the Available Principal Collections with respect to the previous
Collection Periods as determined by the Management Company on the Calculation

Date.

Seller Dilutions mans thc amount determined by the Management Company on the
Determination Date and equal to () the Diluions due by the Seller o 1he Fund plas
() with respect to Purchased Reccivables relatng to Performing Client Accounts
only, the indemnity to be paid by the Seller in the cvent of a renegotation of any
Purchased Reccivablos (including the casc where such rencgoiation is mado by SEC
acting as to Servicer) equal to the forgiveness of whole or part of any Outstanding.
Principal Balances of such Purchasod Roscivables. Such amount ball be paid by the
Sellerto the Fund on or prior th €

ularion Date

ilutions mcans, on cach Determination Date, in respect o the Collection Period
immediately preceding such Determination Date, the Outstanding Principal Balance
of any given outstanding Purchascd Reccivables cancelled by the Seller in part or in
fall) for the benefit of the Borrowers as the result of any retum, rebat, deduction,
retention, undue retiuion, legal seto(T (compensación legal, contractual et-ofT
(compensation convencional) judicial set-off (compensation judicial), fraudulen or
ounterfcit transaction, or in respect of merchandise which was refused or returmed!
by a Borrower.

() — Limitsoftheremedies
The repurehaso procedure sot out in the proceding paragrapls and the payment to th

Fund of the Sel
Company in the event of (ía waiver or a renegol

+ Dilutins shall e the only remedies available to the Management

jon of the temms of any
Reccivables which would result in th breach by the Seller, in it capacity as Servicer,
fits undertakings or () the amendmcnt by the Seller of the Credit Card Agreements
in breach oe undertakings in section 33.1.10 above.

331.11. Optional Repurchase Events

The Seller shall have the right (but not the obligaion) to repurchase on any Repurchase Date:



(a) — all outstanding Purchased Reccivables with respect to any Clic Account which has
become, alr any Purchase Date, an IncligibleCliet Account

(6) — all outstanding Purchased Reccivables with respect to any Clic Account which has

become, ar any Purchase Date, a "Zero Balance Clien Account";

(e) — all outstanding Purchased Roccivables with respect to any Client Accounts which
ave been clasificd as Defauted Cliet Accounts or Delinquent Client Accounts

(d) during the Programme Revolving Period and during the Programme Amortisaion
Period, any outstanding Purchased Reccivables deriving from Performing Client
Accounts if the Outstanding Principal. Balance of all outstanding Purchased
Rescivables derving from Performing Client Accounts held by th Fund as of the
relevant prior Cut-O4F Date (taking into account for that purpose the contemplated
Rescivables purchased by the Fund in thc context of Initial Transfers and such
contemplated repurchascd by the Sellor to be made on or before such Repurchase
Date) were higher than the Minimum Portfolio Amount

33.112.  Repurchase Procedure

Provided that an Optional Repurchase Event referred to in paragraphs (a) to () of section
331.11 has occured:

(a) — The Seller may inform the Management Company of the occurrence of such Optional
Repurchase Event by delivering a writen reques to the Management Company on
the Determination Date.

(6) Onhe Selection Dat, the Seller shall hen select the Reccivables to bo retransfered
on the contemplated Repurchase Date, which will include, if applicable, any other
úutstanding Purehascd Reccivables asin from the same Client Accounts so the total
"balance under the relevant Client Accounts is repurehased,

(<) — On such Selection Date, th Sellr shall send to the Management Company th list of
he corresponding Client Accounts from which the Reccivables to be repurchascd
¿derive (the Repurchase File)

(d) As ofthe close of business on the Confirmation Dat, the Seller will poceed to mark
hc selected roscivables as Repurchased Reccivables on its IT system with feet as
from th str of busines ofthe next calendar day (the Effective Repurchase Date)

(e) — On the Repurchaso Date the Seller will deliver to the Management Company a
written repurchaso request (cach, a Repurehase Request) and a file with the lit o
repurchascd Reccivables, which would seve for the clculaion by the Management
Company ofi Aggregate Repurehaso Price ofho Repurchased Reccivables



Provided that th Optional Repurchase Event refered to in paragraph (4 0 section 33.111
as occurred:

(a) — The Seller may inform the Management Company of the occurrence of such Optional
Repurchase Event by delivering a writen request to the Management Company on
the Determination Date immediately preceding the contemplated Repurchase Date,

(0) The Seller shall noti the Management Company Before 12400 (CET) on the
Determination Date its inention to exercise any repurchase option and a target
repurchase amount (together with any required information, if necessary) (he Target
Amount) of Purchascd Reccivables to be retransferred by Mhe Fund (the
Contemplated Repurchased Reccivables) on the Repurchass Date as contemplated
in the relevant Repurchase Request (corresponding to th immediately following
Purchase Date in respec of Initial Transfers).

(<) — On the Selection Date, hc Seller shall select randomiy 1h Reccivables to be
retransfered on ho contemplated Repurchase Date, which vil include, if applicable,
any other outstanding Purchased Reccivables avisen from the same Credit Card
Agrecments, provided that:

6) the aggregate amount of the Repurchase Price of such Reccivables shall not
e grener than the Target Amount as notifcd by the Seller; and

6) these (Fany) of
(A) the Target Amount as notficd by the Seller; over

(E) — the expected Aggregate Repurchase Price ofthe Reccivables selected
random by the Seller

shall not be grestr than EUR 50.00040.

(4) On such Selection Date, the Seller shall send to the Management Company the
Repurchase Filo

(e) — The Management Company shall confirm on the Confirmation Date that it aroes
vvith the selction and designation of the Purchased Reccivables to be repurchascd!
made by the Seller,

(0 Asofthe close of business on the Confirmation Dat, the Seller will poceed to mare
he selected reccivables on its UT system with cfTet s from the start of business of
the Effective Repurchase Date.

(E) On the Repurchaso Date the Seller will deliver to the Management Company a
Repurchase Request together with a fil with dh list of repurchascd Reccivables,
which would serve for he calculation by the Management Company of the Aggregate



Repurchase Price of the Repurchased Reccivables which must b paid by the Seller
boy transfer o the Fund's Gencral Account on such Repurchase Date.

Common terms applicable 0 he repurchase procedures

Each Repurchase Request shall e irrevocable and binding on th Seller when delivered to the
Management Company.

The Management Company shall refise the exercise of the option by the Sellr the
Repurchase Conditions Precoden st ost in the next section ae not met

If the Repurchaso Conditions Precedent are met, then the Management Company shall
countrsign the Repurchase Request in proof of its acceptance and deliver ito th Seller no
later than on the Repurchase Date.

1 a Repurchase Request is not accepted by the Management Company on the relevant
Repurchase Date in accordance with th above, such Repurchase Request shall automatically
lapse with no additional formaltis. Nobwithstnding any de-marking of the slocted
outstanding Purchascd Reccivables and the related Client Accounts mado by the Seller in ts
YT system prior to the cancllation of the repurchased procedure, th Seller shall e obliged to
procecd with iho necessary manual adjustments and shall calculate and pay, under the
supervision of he Management Company, t the Fund any amounis of Available Collections
and Insurance Premia which would have been paid by it to the Fund if th repurehaso
procedure would not have been cancele

“Añr he acceptance of the Repurchase Request by he Management Company

(a) — the Seller shall repurchase sl! otstanding Reccivables deriving from the relevant
Client Accounts) specified in he related Repurchaso File (being specified that for
he avoidance of doubt any drawing which has not hocn transferrd in the context of
an Adáitonal Transfer by the Soller to the Fund will not be subject to any
repurchasch:

(6) the Seller will not be entiled to transfer now Reccivablo(s) in the context of.
Additional Transfers deriving from such Client Accounts which are the subject to the
repurchase by the Seller as from the Effective Repurchase Date (unless the Seller
transfers, on any further Purchase Date, new Reccivabls deriving from such Client
“Account in the context of an Initial Transfer); and

(c) the retransfr shall have economic effes betwcen the Seller and the Fund from tho
Effective Repurchase Date; therefore the Seller shall be entiled from the Effective
Repurchase Date to any amounts of principal, interes, fes (other than Interhango
Fees), default interest (if applicable) penaltis, Insurance Indemnifications and any
«her related payments received from the corresponding Repurchased Reccivables as
af he relevant Repurchase Date. Any collection received by the Fund (amy) on or



aftr the Esfictivo Repurchase Date in relation with such Repurchascd Roccivables
vvil be repaid by the Fund o the Seller.

The retransfor procedure described hercin may be updated or amended from time to time
between the Seller and the Management Company in order to take ino account any upgrade
or update of the Seller's information systems, provided that (5) such update or amendmnt
vil have no adverse ffect on the Fund or the rights of the noteholders or the funders of ho
Fund, (li) prior writen notification will be delivered by the Management Company and the
Seller to the Relevant Rating Agencies. No amendment to the Decd of Incorporation af the
Fund shall bo required unless the amendmcot proposed by the Seller and the Management
Company has a negative ces on the Fund or the rights of he notcholders or the funders of
Ae Fund,

In order to achieve cetaity of the date of he retransfer of the Repurchased Reccivables for
he purposes of article 1,526 of the Civil Code, on a monthly basis (if applicable) the
Management Company will clectonically forward to the CNMV the Repurchase Request
signed by both the Seller and the Management together with a data file regarding the
Repurchased Reccivables using he CIFRADOCICNMV service.

Nowwithstanding the above, at any timo and for any reason, the Management Company is
unable to use the CIFRADOCIONMV service, the Seller ad the Management Company will
“appear before the Spanish Notary designated by the Seller for the purposes of aising to the
status of a Spanish Public Document any repurchase of Receivables made hereunder
(provided that all cost and expenses aising from any such notaisasions shall be bornc by the
Seller

For bese purposes

Aggregate Repurchase Price mcans, in relation to al! the Repurchased Reccivabls to bo
repurchascd on a Repurchase Date:

(a) the aggregate of the Repurchaso Prices of such Repurchased Reccivables; plas

(6) — alladdiional,specifi, direct and indirect, costs and expenses incured by the Fund in
respect of the repurchaso of such Repurchased Reccivables and previously approved!
by the Seller cxcluding, for th avoidance of any double count
included in the Repurchase Price.

any item already

33.113. Repurchase Conditions Precedent

The repurchase of the Contemplated Repurehase Reccivables shall only oscur on the
Repurchase Date if dhe following repurchase conditions preccdent (the Repurehase.
Conditions Precedent) are met:



(a) General conditions foral Optional Repurchase Events

6) satisfaction Of ihe Minimum Portfolio Amount Condition as of the
Calculation Date;

(o mo Fund Liquidation Event has occured; and!

(Gi) the Management Company ís not aware that
Vsccurred and is continuing

(6) Specific conditions for the Optional Repurchase Event referrd to in paragraph (d) of
section 331.11

6) such repurchase of the Contemplated Repurchased Reccivables docs not
result ín the occurrence af a Revolving Termination Event (áfthe Repurehase
Date occurs during the Programme Revolving Period) or an Accelerated
Amorisaion Event (the Repurchase Date occurs during the Programme
Revolving Period or the Programme Amortisation Period); aná

Gi) om the relevant Calculation Date the Management Company has determined!
úatthe Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger vil nt be in dbit on the next
Momhiy Payment Date añer the application of the Interest Priority of
Payments.

331.14. Aggregate Repurchase Price
The Aggregate Repurchase Price of the Repurchased Reccivables shal bo calculated by the

Management Company on csch Calcultion Date and shall be pid by the Seller o the Fund.
“th atst om th Repurchase Date.

332. Optional Re-Transfer o sll Purchased Reccivables upon the Liquidation of the
Fund

The Seller shall have the right (ut not tho obligation) to repurchase from the Fund all he
úutstanding Purchascd Reccivables remaining among the asets of the Fund in th context of
the liquidation of Ahe Fund following the occumence of a Fund Liquidation Event in
accordance with the terms st out in section 4.44 of the Registration Document

333. Description of the rights conferred upon the Fund for the acquisition of the
Reccivables

The Fund, as legal holder of the Purchased Reccivablos wi
recognized by applicable law and in the Purchased Reccivables

hold he rights generally

Specificall, and without limitaion, th transfer of the Reccivables vil include al! accessory
rights n accordance with he provisions of article 1,528 of the Civil Code; has, til give
the Fund th following rights as regards the Purchased Reccivables

.



(6) all amount due fortherepayment oe principal ofhe Purchasod Reccivables

(9) allamounts due forte ordiary interes on he Purchasod Reccivables;

(6) all amount due forthe default interest (applicable) o th Puhased Reccivables;

(8) all fs due under he Credit Card Agreement other than Intechange Fees):

(6). all amount received from he reprchase of Purchsed Reccivables by the Seller, dn
accordance with the provisios af section 3.3.1.1 of is Additional Building Block

and

(0) all potential rights or indemnitic infavour of hc Seller including, without limitaion,
any Insurance Indermnfictins

Alle above mentioned rights will accrue in faxour of the Fund as fom the Effective
Purchase Dat,

Subject o tha set out in section 22 of the Additional Building Block with respeto fees
charged to the Borrower and unpaid insurance premiums amounting to Drawings, any
“amounts corresponding to the insurance premium payable by the Borrower in connection with
he Insurance Policies shall not be transferred to the Fund as the Seller docs only collect them
in hc mame and on behalf of relevant insurance company.

For hc avoidance of doubt, pursuant to section 22 of the Additional Building Block in cese
of returned purchases any amounts o be reimburscd (including, 1 applicable, interest by the
Seller to the relevant Borrowers will noed to be reimbursod by the Fund o the Seller on the
ext Setlement Date, such payment not bing subjest to the Priority of Payments.

334. Notficaion o the Borrowers and Insurance Companies

The Borrowers and the Insurance Companies shall be noti of th transfer of th Purchased
Rescivables as soon as practicable:

(a) ponte occunence of the Servicer Termination Events

(0) — in any other circumstances where the Servicer, with lhe prior consent of the
Management Company, consider such notification necessary or desimble for the
moximiation of the recoveries under the Reccivables or the Insurance
Indemmifictons.

In any of the sccnarios described above, the Management Company shall be entiled 19
request the Data Protection Agent to provide the Decoding Key of the Encrypied Data Fil in
arder to be able to access to th data included thcrcin

The Management Company shall b cntiled to notify (or cause to be notifica) the Borrowers
“and the Insurance Companies to make all payments in relation to the Purchased Reccivables

9


34.

or the Insurance Indemnificaions,as applicable, directly on the General Account or on any
her Funds substitute bank account held and opersted by any suthorised credit institution
having the Account Bank Required Ratings in the event of th substition and replacement of
he Issuer Accounts Bank pursuant to the terms st ost in section 34.5 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

Any costs and expenses arsing from the notification of the transfer of the Purchased
Reccivables upon the accurrence of a Semicer Termination Event shall be borne by the
retiing Sevicer. Notwithstanding this, in order to avoid any delays, the Management
Company, at the expense of the Fund, may advance any such costs and expenses and request
subsequently ihr rcimbursement by the retiring Servicer

Regarding such costs and expenses arising Som the notification of the transfer of the
Purchased Reccivables according to paragraph (5) above, they shall be borne by the Fund.

In addition, ¡and when the Servicor is requested to confirm or sat the copacoy in ch ts
“dministering and servicing the Purchased Roccivables and related mattes by any Borrower
or any third party (including a Spanish court) and to whom the Service is obliged by law to
diselse such information, the Servicer shall confim or state that is acting in its capacity as
servicer of the Purchased Reccivables and related mates as agent for and on behalf of ho
Fund and not on its own behalf.

Pursuant to atcis 1,527 and 1,198 ofthe Civil Codo, until the moment of notification to the
Borrowers andíor the Insurance Companies, as applicable, () they will bo dischargod of their
payment obligations by paying the Sellr, and (i) the Borrowers andor the Insurance
Companies, as applicabl, will have Ahe right to set OÍ against the Seller thcir payiment
bligatios existing before the transfer and those which came into existence añr the transfer
until the date they were notified IFnotice of he transfer is served on he Borrower andior the
Insurance Company and any of them opposes to the transfer, then the Borrower and/or the
Insurance Company, as applicable, will only keep the right to set off payment obligations
existing before the notice but not those which are posterior

Explanation of the Flow of Funds

34... How the cash flow from the asseis will meet the Fund's obligatios to its
ereditors

In accordance with this section, the Fund will atend al! payment obligations derived fom the
Noues af cach Nos Series and is remaining libiliis by applying th cash Nows generated
"y the Reccivables and any other applicable rights of hc Fund.

The Fund will enjoy additional protection and enhancement mechanisms hat are described in
his section. These mechanisms vil be applicd in accordance with the ruls of this Base
Prospectus and tir purpose is to ensure hat the cash Hows of ho Fund are suficien to
“tend ts payment obligations in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments st out in
section 34.72 0f the Addiional Building Block.

20


Al! payments of principal and interest (and arras, if any) on the Notes of any Note Series
shall be made in accordance wit ho vules of this Base Prospectus and th relevant Priority of
Payments set out in section 347.2 ofthe Additional Building Block.

342. Ledgers
3421. Principal Defcieney Ledger

Dating the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period and wit
respect to any Collection Period, a principal deficioncy ledger (the Principal Deficiency
Ledger) comprising three sub-ledgers, namely hc Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger, the
Class 8 Principal Deficiency Ledger and the Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger
respectively, shall be established by the Management Company, acting for and on behalf of
the Fund in arder to kecp record af any hortíall or deficieney between Outstanding Principal
Balances of the Performing Client Accounts, and the Principal Amount Outstanding of the
Notes and the SICE Principal Amount Ouistanding, subject to the
below. During th Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amorisation Period and
with respect to any Collection Period, the Management Company shall record on any
Calculation Date as debi entrcs in the Principal Deiciency Ledger any new Default Amount
on the Purchasod Reccivables in respet to the previous Collection Period and th relacion
of principal recipis o payment of interest made in accordance with item (1) 0 the Principal
Priority of Payments in th following order of priority:

tion rule described

(a) — fisly to the Residual Principal Deficieney Ledger as a debit entry up lo the
aggregate of the sum of (1) the outstanding amount under the Seller Interest Credit
Facility and (i) the Principal Amount Ousstanding of the Class C Notes on the
immediately preceding Monthly Payment Date;

(6) secondly, to the Class B Principal Deficiency Ledger up to the Principal Amount
Outstanding of th Class B Notes of all Note Seris on the immediately preceding.
Monthly Payment Date; and!

(c) — thirdly, to the Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger up to the Principal Amount
Outstanding 06 th Class A Notes of all Note Series on the immediately preceding.
Monthly Payment Dat;

Dating the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amoriation Peiod, and wit

respect to any Collection Period, the Management Company shall record as credit eric any

PDL. Cure Amounts in he principal deficiency sub-ledgers in th following oder of priority:

(a) — fisiy, to the Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger until the debit balance therco is
reduced to zero (0);

(6) secondly, 10h Class B Principal Deficiency Ledger until the debit balance thoreofis
reduced to zero (0) and

a


(e) third, o ho Resids
reduced to zero (0),

Principal Deficieney Ledger until the debit balance thercof is

The Management Company shall give the relevant instructions to the Issuer Accounts Bank
on any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme
Amortisaion Period in order to, subject o the Interest Priority of Payments, ensure hat ho
Principal Account is redited with an amount cqual to the debit bulance of the Principal
Deticiency Ledger as of he previous Calculation Date taking into account the debi of the
above amounis) by debiting the Inteest Account Such amount then creditd o the Principal
“Account shall e credied to the Principal Deficioncy Ledger on he same date.

For bese purposes

Class A PDL Cure Amount racans any amountsretined at tem (5) of the Interest Priority
of Payments o cure any debit balance in respect o hc Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger

Class 8 PDL Cure Amount mcens any amounisretained at item (9) of he Interest Priority
of Payments o cure any debit balance in respect o hc Class Principal Deficiency Ledger.

Default Amount mcans, on any Calculation Date and with respect to the Client Account
vwbich has become a Defaulted Client Account during ho immedinely preceding Col
Period, the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchased Recci

Account an the Cut-04N Date preceding such Calcultion Dat.

les of such Client

PDL. Cure Amounts rucans the sum of (1) the Class A PDL Cure Amount, i) the Class B
PDL Cure Amount and (ii) the Residual PDL Cure Amount

Residual PDL Cure Amount mcans any amounts retaincd at item (12) of 1h Interest
Priority of Payment

3422. General Reserve Ledger

During the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortistion Period, a general
reserve ledgor (she General Reserve Ledger) comprsing two subrledgers defined as the
Class A General Reserve Ledger and the Class B General Reserve Ledger, respectively,
shall be established by the Management Company on the Fund Incorportion Date, in order to
record on any Calculation Date the amount up to which the Gencral Reserve Account may be
drawn on Abe following Monthly Payment Date to make up for any shortíall to satisfy ho
payment of certain items of the Interest Priority of Payments.

343. Information on any credit enhancements
In order to strengihen the financial structure of the Fund, to increase the security or the

regularty of the payment of the Notes, or generally to transorm the financial characteristics
af he Notes and to complement the management of the Fund, the Management Company on

ES


behalf he Fund, will entr into the transaction described below in the Base Prospectas and
inthe Deed of Incorporation, in accordance with applicable legal provision

343: Fund Escess Margin

Irrespective of any credit enhancement mechanisms described in this section and, il
applicable, any Hodging Agrecments specific in any Issuing Documen, the man protection
fe Note Series Notcholders derives, a any date, from the existence o an excess margin

Th excess mar

is equal to the difference betwcen ( he interest and ecoverios received
under the Purchasod Reccivables (les th Issuer Operating Expenses and, as th case may be,
he Hedging Not Amounis due to any Eligible Hedging Counterpartics) and () the interest
amounts payable under the Notes of any Note Seris (les, as th case may be, ho Hodging
Net Amounts due by any Eligible Hedging Counterparti)

3432. Credit Enhancement ol the Notes ol any Note Series
In addition to the Fund'scxcess margin and the protection ofíred by the General Reserve:

(a) credit enhancement for the Class A Notes of cach Notes Series will be provided by
he subordination of payments on the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes of the
comesponding Notes Series during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortisation Period, and, by ho subordination of payments on the Class
B Notes and the Class C Notes ofall Notes Series during the Programme Accelerated
Amortisaion Period;

(0) credit enhancement for the Class B Notes of cach Notes Series will be provided by
he subordinaion of payments on the Class C Notes of th corresponding Notes
Series during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisaion
Period, and, by the subordination of payments on the Class C Notes of all Notes
Series during the Programme Acccleratod Amortiation erid.

(e) adiliional credit enhancement for the Notes ofany Note Series will e provided:

6) by the ll subordination of al payments om the Seller Interest Credit Facility
during the Programme Amortisation Period and ho Programme Accelerted
Amortisaion Period,

Gi) by the overcollatealization in the form of additional aggregate outstanding
incipal balance from the Purchased Reccivables transfered to the Fund and
funded through a Deferred Purchase Price mechanism during the Programme
Revolving Period, the Programme Amortiation Period and the Programme
Accelerated Amoriation Period.

a


3433. Subordination of Class Notes

Pursuant to the Decd ofi Incorporation hs rights of th holders of Class E Notes to receive
payments of principal and interest shall be subordinated to the rights of he holders of the
Class A Notes of the same Note Sercs to receive payments of principal and interes, The
purpose of this subordinaion is o provide support or, without prejudico to the rights attached
to the Class B3 Notes, the payments of amounts of principal and interest to the holders of hc
Class A Notes

Such subordination consists in the right granted to the holders of the Class A Notes of any
Noke Series to recive on cach Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortiston Period:

(2) amy amos of interest in priority to any amoumts o interest payable to th holders of
he Class E Notes of such Notes Series; and.

(6) any amos! principal in priority to any amounts of principal payable to the holders
fe Class E Notes of such Notes Series,

provided that doring the Programme Accelerated Amortistion Period hc holders of the Class
B Notes of any Noto Series will not reccive any payment oPnteret or principal for so long as
the Class A Notes of all Not Sercs have not been redcemed in fal.

3434. Subordination of Class C Notes

Pursuant to the Decd ofi Incorporation hs rights of th holders of Class C Notes to reccive
payments of principal and interest shall be subordinated to the rights of he holders of the
Class A Notes and the Class E Notes af the same Note Seres to reccive payments of principal
and interest. The purpose of this subordination sto provide suppor or, without predice to
he rights attached to the Class C Note, the payments of amosnts of pricipal and interest to
the holders of the Class A Notes and the Class E Notes.

Such subordination consists in the right granted to the holders of the Class A Notes and the
Class 13 Notes of any Note Series to receive on cach Payment Date during the Programme
Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisaion Period:

(2) amy amos of interest in priority to any amoumts o interest payable o th holders of
he Class Notes of such Notes Series; and!

(6) any amos! principal in priority to any amounts of principal payable to the holders
fe Class C Notes of such Notes Series,

provided that doring the Programme Accelerated Amortistion Period hc holders of the Class
(O Notes of any Note Series will not reccive any payment of interest or principal for so long as
the Class A Notes and the Class Notes of al Note Seres have not been redoemod in al,


3435. — Subordination of the Seller Interest Credit Facility

Pursuant to the Decd ofth Incorporation, during the Programme Amortsation Period nd the
Programme Accelersted Amortisation Period the rights of tho Seller Imerest Subordinated
Facility Provider to receive payments (5) of principal are subject o th ful redemption of the
Notes of ll Note Series and (i) of interest are subordinated o the payments of the Notes of
any Note Serios.

Such subordination consiss in th right granted to the holders of the Class A Notes, ho Class
E Notes and the Class C Notes o any Noto Seris to receive on cach Payment Date during the
Programme Amortisation Period and the Programme Aceclerated Amontisatin Period:

(2) amy amount of interest in priority to any amounts of interest payable to the Seller
Interest Subordinated Facility Provider under the Seller Interest Credit Facility; and

(6) any amount of pricipal in priority to any amosnts of principal payable to the Seller
Interest Subordinated Facility Provider under the Seller Inrest Credit Facility,

provided that in cther caso the Sellr Interest Subordinated Facility Provider will not receive
any payment principal fr o long s all th Class A Notes, he Class B Notes and the Class C
Notes ofall Nates Series have not been redscmed in fall

3434. — Subordination of the Deferred Purchase Price

Pursuant to the Decd ofth Incorporation, during the Programms Amortsatin Period and the
Programme Aceclerated Amortisation Period, the payment of the Aggregate DPP Interest
Amount is subordinated to the payment ofimerest of the Notes of any Note Seres.

Funticrmore, during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortistion
Period ho right of the Soller o reccive payments of the Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price
remaining unpuid on the preceding Monthly Payment Date s subordinated to the payment of
interest of the Notes of any Note Series and, in certain circumstances, the payment of
principal of the Notes of any Note Series.

In addition, during the Programme Accclerated Amorisation Period the rights of the Seller to
receive payments () of the Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price are subject to the Full
redemplion of the Notes of all Note Seris and (of Aggregate DPP Interest Amount are
subordinated to the payments of th Notes of any Nate Series.

3437. — General Reserve
(a) Introduction
On the Fund Incorporaion Date, the Seller as General Reserve Subordinated Facility

Provider shall provide to the Fund a subordinaed faciliy (the General Reserve
Subordinated Facility) to fund he general reserve (the General Reserve) which

as


shall operate as a credit enhancement mechanism for the purpose of supporting the
Notes.

The General Reservo will comprso two sub-iodgers: the Class A General Reserve
Ledger and he Class E Gencral Reserve Ledger, Th credit balance of these leds
may be applic towards payment of interest of he Class A Notes and Class B Notes,
“among other possibl uses according to he relevant Priority of Payments

The main terms and conditions of the General Reserve Subordinated Facility are
described in soction 34:42 of the Additional Building Block.

(6) Establishment of he General Reserve:

On the Fund Incorporation Date the Fund shall request an initial dawdown under the
General Reserve Subordinated Facility for an amount equal to the General Resorve
Required Amount as calculated by the Management Company on the ñest
Disbursement Date

The General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider shall mak: the initial dawdowe
available to the Fund on the first Notes Seres Issue Dato, for sume day-valuc, by
erediting the amount o he initial drawdown nto the General Reserve Account,

Th amount of the General Reserve will be adjusted in the amount required for it
balance to match the Gencral Reservo Required Amount in cach Monthly Payment
Date in order1o take into account any new issuance or redemption of Notes Serios.

(e) Purpose and allocation of the General Reserve

The Gencral Reserve will be used in accordance with and subject to th relevant
Priority of Payments by the Management Company, acting for and on behalf of ho
Fund, to satisfy the obligaions hc Fund,

On cach Monthly Payment Date during thc Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortisation Period, the General Reserve Account shall be debited in
“accordance with and subject to the Interest Shorfll Priority of Payments.

On cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Accelrated Amortistion
Period, the Management Company shall

Bank to credit the Gencral Accownt with the credit balance standing on the General
Rescrve Account in orde to make any of ho payments st out in items (1), (2) and
(8) of the Accclerated Priority of Payments

«the instructions to the Issucr Accounts

Except in the circumstances specified in the preceding paragraph, the amounts
standing to the credit of the General Reserve Account shall not be part of the
Avsilable Distribution Amount and sl ncihor be applicd to make any payment du

26


in accordance with and subject to the applicable Priority of Payments, mor to
guarantes any Borrowers payient default under the relevant Purchased Reccivables

(é) General Reserve Required Amount

On any Issue Date when a Notes Series is issued and as of close of cach Mombly
Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period, the Programme Amortisaion
Period and the Programme Accclersted Amomisation Period, the amount standing to
he credit of ho Gencral Reserve Account shall at least bo equal o the sum of the
Class A General Reserve Required Amount and the Class [3 General Reserve
Required Amount (provided that all amounts o interes reccived from the General
Reserve Amownt and standing

Rescrve Account, shall not he taken ino account) (he General Reserve Required
Amount).

as the case may be, to the credit of the General

The Management Company shall always ensure that the credit balance of the General
Reserve Account ís equal on the first Note Serics Issue Date following the Fund
Incorporation Date and thercafter on cach Monthly Payment Date (or on cach sue
Date on which a Note Series isucd, as the case may be) to the applicable General
Rescrve Required Amount

For such puposes, on cach Calculaion Date the Management Company shall
determine the estimated balance af Ahe Gieneral Reserve Account and the General
Rescrve Required Amount on the immediately folowing Monthly Payment Date (or
the applicable [sue Date, a the case may be).

(e) Increase ofihe credit balance ofthe General Reserve Account

1£ the Management Company determines on any Calculation Date that the balance of
he General Reserve Account
on the next Monthly Payment Date:

be less that do General Reserve Required Amount

the Management Company shall give th relevant instructions to the Isucr Accounts
Bank, on cach Monthly Payment Date and to th extent hat no Noto Seris s issued
by the Fund on such Monthly Payment Date, to credit the General Reserve Account
vvith the Gencral Reserve Replenishment Amount in accordance with the applicable
Priority of Payments (provided, for the avoidance of doubt, no drawdown under the
General Reserve Subordinatod Facility may be made in his case).

1 ho Management Company determines on any Calculation Date corresponding to
an Issue Date when a Note Seres is issucd that th balance of ho General Reserve
“Account will be les that the General Reserve Required Amount on such Issue Dat,
he Management Company shall give the relevant instructions to the General Reserve
Subordinated Facilizy Provider, to credit Ine General Reserve Account wih a
drardown under the Gencral Reserve Subordinated Facility for an amount equivalent

ar


o the General Reserve Increase Amount taking into account, ho Initial Principal
Amount of the Notes to be issucd on such Issue Date

0

1 on any Calcultion Date the Management Company determino that the estimated

be higher than tho General Reservo
Required Amount on the corresponding Monthly Payment Date, the Management
Company shall calcule tho Gencral Reserve Decrease Amount and shall give the
relevant instructions to the Issuer Accounts Bank to debi on the Monthly Payment
Date te General Reservo Account in such amount which

balance of the General Reserve Account

6) Fistly vil be used to repay any principal outstanding under the General
Rescrve Subordinated Facility on such Monthly Payment Date;

Gi) secondly, provided that there are no amouns of principal or interest
utstanding under the General Reserve Subordinated Facil, to be
considered as Available Interest Amount,

in cer case such repayment being no subjctto the relevant Priority of Payments.

(> Fin

Relcese ofthe General Reserve Amount on the Fund Liquidation Date

On te Fund Liquidation Date, an amount qual to the part of the General Resorve:
Amount not applicd on such date will bo used to repay any principal outstanding
under the Gencral Reserve Subordinated Facility on such dat, such repaymment being.
mot subject to he relevant Priority of Payments

Forihese purposes:

Class A General Reserve Required Amount mcons:

(a) — om the ist Notes lsue Disbursement Dat folowing ho Fund Incorporation Date, an
amount equal to EUR 5,640,000;

(6) om any Issue Date when a new Note Series is issued, an amount as specific in ho
last Prospectus Supplement

(<) — on any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and tho
Programme Amoriation Period, he maximum between:

6 theproductor:

(A) 120 per cent. (or any other percentage indicated in th last
Prospectus Supplement) and!

ae


e Amount Outstanding o he
all Note Seres (aking into account the Class A Notes of any Note
Series to be issued andior lo be redeemed on such Monthly Payment
Dato

Gi) the Class A General Reserve Minimum Amount

(d) on any Momhly Payment Date during the Programme Acceleated Amortisation
Period he Class A General Reservo Minimum Amount,

provided that all amounts of interest reccived from the General Reserve Amount and
standing, as the case may be, to 1h credit of he General Reserve Account, shall not be taken

Class A General Reserve Replenishment Amount mcans, on any Monthly Payment Date
on which no new Note Serie s issued by the Fund, he difference (if positive) between (1) he
Class A General Reserve Required Amount and i) th credit balance of the Class A General
Reserve Ledger on such Monthly Payment Date (before the application of the applicable
Priority of Payments).

Class General Reserve Required Amount means:

(a) — om the ist Notes Isue Disbursement Dat folowing ho Fund Incorporaion Date, an
“amount equal to zero (0)

(6) om any Issue Date when a new Note Series is issued, an amount as specific in ho
last Prospectus Supplement

(<) — on any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and tho
Programme Amoriation Period, he maximum between:

6 theproductor:

(A) — the following applicable percentage:

1.50 per cent. (or any other percentage indicate in ho last
Prospectus Supplement) if the Clase A Notes of all Note
Series have not been redecmed in full or

(Bb) 1.00 per cent. (or any olher percentage indicated in he last
Prospectus Supplement) if the Clase A Notes of all Note
Series have been fully redcemed;

and
(E) the sumofth Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class B Notes of
“ll Note Series (including Principal Amount Outstanding o he Class
B Notes of any Note Series 10 be issued but cxcluding Principal

2


“Amount Outstanding of he Class E Notes af any Note Series to be
redecmed on such Monthly Payment Date);

Gi) the Class B General Reserve Minimum Amount;

(d) on any Momhly Payment Date during the Programme Acceleated Amortisation
Period, zro (0),

provided that all amounts of interest reccived from the General Reserve Amount and
standing, as the case may be, to 1h credit of he General Reserve Account, shall not be taken

Class General Reserve Replenishment Amount means, on any Monthly Payment Date on
which no new Note Series s isucd by the Fund, the difiernce (f positive) between () ho
Class E General Reserve Required Amount and (i) th credit balance of the Class B General
Reserve Ledger on such Monthly Payment Date (before th application of the applicable
Priority of Payments).

“General Reserve Decrease Amount mcans, on any Monthly Payment Date during the
Programme Revolving Period and the Programm AÑmortsation Period, the minimum
between (a) aná (b):

(a) being equal to the positive difference (f any) on such Monthly Payment Date
between:

6) (8) he credit balance of the General Reserve Account (before application o£
he Priority of Payments on such Monthly Payment Date and excluding the
Financial Incomes) les (y) the amount of the use made under the General
Rescrve Account on such Monthly Payment Date in accordance with items
(0) and () of be Interest Shorll Priority of Payments; and.

Gi) the applicable General Reserve Required Amount on such Monthly Payment
Date.

(0) being equal to the outstanding amount of ho General Reservo Subordinatod Faciliy
on such Monthly Payment Date (before applicaion of the Priority of Payments on
such Monthly Payment Date

The Gencral Reserve Decrease Amount shall be cque
Accelerated Amonisation Period.

to zero (0) during ho Programme

“General Reserve Increase Amount icons, on any Monthly Payment Date during the
Programme Revolving Period wen a new Note Serics is isucd, the amount that the Seller
shall credit o Ahe General Reserve Account in order to increase th credit balance of the
General Reserve Account up to the Gencral Reserve Required Amount as determined by the
Management Company.



Class A General Reserve Minimum Amount mesos, on any Monthly Payment Dat, an
amount equal to th produet of

(a) — 0:50 per cent (or any olher percentage indicated in the last Prospectus Supplement;
and

(0) the sum of tbc Initial Principal Amount of the Class A Notes af all Note Series on
such dote (including the Iiil Principal Amount of the Class A Notes of any Note
Series to be issucd but cxcluding the Initial Principal Amount of the Class A Notes of
any Note Seris to be redcemed on such Monthly Payment Date), provided tha as
from the date on which the Class A Notes of ll Noto Series have fully redecmed,
such amount shall e equal to ero (0).

Class B General Reserve Minimum Amount means on any Monthly Payment Date during
the Programme Revalving Period and ho Programme Amortisaion Period (only,
equal to the product of

(2) the following applicable percentage:

6) 020 per cent. (or any olher percentage indicated in the last Prospectus
Supplement) if he Class A Notes oPal Note Seris have not een redeemed!
in all or

Gi) 070 per cent. (or any her percentage indicated in the last Prospectus
Supplemen) f the Class A Notes of all Noto Series have been fly
redocmed;

and

(0) the sum of tc Initial Principal Amount of the Class E Notes of all Note Seics on
such dote (including the Iiial Principal Amount of the Class 3 Notes of any Note
Series to be issucd but excluding the Initial Principal Amount of the Class B Notes of
any Note Seris to be redeemed on such Monthly Payment Date), provided tha as
from the date on which ll Class 13 Notes oPall Note Series have fully redcemed, such
“amount shall be equal o zero (0).

General Reserve Shorifall Amount means, as calculated in respect of cach Monthly
Payment Date

(2) During the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, the positive diference between () and (0:

6) is qual 0 th aggregate amount of ll uses made under the General Reserve
“Account in accordance with th relevant Priority of Payments since the Fund
Incorporation Date (including any usc to be made as hc case may be on such
Monthly Payment Dat);

En


6) is equal to he sum of

(A) the agregate amount of all General Reserve Replenishment
Amownts made since the Fund Incorpormion Date (including any
General Reserve Replenishment Amount to be mado us the cas may
be on such Monthly Payment Date); and

e

eMetively repaid to the General Reservo Subordinated Facility
Provider sine the Fund Incorporation Date (excluding the General
Reserve Shortíall Amount to be repid as the case may be on such
Monthly Payment Date).

(6) During the Programme Aceclerted Amoriation Period, the outstanding amount of
he General Reserve Subordinated Faciliy on such Monthly Payment Dato (before
the spplicaion af the Priority of Payments on such Monthly Payment Date)

34358. Commingling Reserve
(a) Introduction

On the Fund Incorporation Date, the Seller as Commingling Reserve Subordinated
Facility Provider shall provide the Fund a subordinated facility (he Comunin
Reserve Subordinated Facility) o fund the commingling reserve (the Commingling
Reserve) up to the Commingling Reserve Required Amount as a credit enhancement
mechanism to miigate the commingling ik.

Th main terms and conditions of the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility
re described in scction 3.4.4.3 ofhe Additional Building Block.

(6) sab

ment ofthe Commingling Reserve

On the Fund Incorporation Date he Fund shall request an initial dawdown under the
Commingling Reserve Subondinated Faciliy for an amount equal to the
Commingling Reserve Required Amount (calculated in accordance with section.
Comminsling Reserve Required Amount” below),

The Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider sball maks the initial
drawdown available o the Fund on the first Notes Sorcs Issue Date folowing the
Fund Incorporation Date, for same day-valuc, by crediting the amount of th initial
údrardown into the Commingling Reserve Account

ion Date, the Management Company shall verify that the credit
balance of Abe Commingling Reserve Account is equal to the applicable
Commingling Reserve Required Amount on the next Monthly Payment Date (or the
applicable Issue Date, as the case may bc) and, if necessary, adopt hc measures

22


required to credit the account in oder o achicve the Commingling Reserve Required
Amount.

(e) Purpose and Alocaton of the Commingling Reserve

The Commingling Reservo will be used and applicd by ho Management Company to

satis the obligations of the Fund following a bresch by the Servicer af ts payment
bligaions.
ln such case:
6) the Commingling Reservo Amount will be immediately used by the

Management Company by debiting the Commingling Reserve Account and!
applied 10 satisty the obligaions of the Fund by crediing the Interest
“Account and Principal Account up to tbc amount of any umpaid Available
Coliction; and

Gi) provided that the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facil Provider is
also the Servicer), the Management Company will e etild to seso he
claim of the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider for
repayment under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility against ho
amount of the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider (as
Service) breached financial obligations, up to the lowest o (the unpaid
amount and (ú) the amount then standing 10 the credit of the Commingling
Rescrve Account before any use is mado to satis the obligations o the Fund
vn such date, and to apply the corresponding fund as part of the Available
Collections in accordance vih the Priority of Payments on the immediately
following Monthly Payment Date

Except in th circumstancos specific above, the amounts standing to the credito hc
Commingling Reserve Account shall not be part of he Available Distribution
Amount and shall neither be applicd to make any payment due in accordance wit
and subject to the applicable Priority of Payments, nor to guarantee any Borrowers
payment default under e relevant Purchascd Reccivables

(é) — Commingling Reserve Required Amount

The Commingling Reserve Required Amount shall be calculated by the Ma
Company on the basis of he latest information provided to it by the Service Such
calculaion shall o made on cach Calcuation Dat.

The Management Company shall always ensure that the credit balance of the
Commingling Reserve Account is equal to the applicable Commingling Reserve.

Resquired Amount determincd by it (provided that all amounts of interes received and

2


standing, a he caso may be, to th credit of he Commingling Reserve Account, shall
ot be taken into account) and, f necessary, adopt the measures required in order to
achieve te Commingling Reserve Required Amownt

For bese purposes

Commingling Reserve Required Amount means:

6) om he first Notes Issue Disbursement Date following the Fund Incorporation
Date, an amount equal to EUR 9,100,000; and

(hom any Issue Date when a new Noto Seris is issued, an amount as specific
in ho los Prospectus Supplemen; and!
(Gi) on any Setlement Date, as long as any Notes of any outstanding Note Serios

has not bcen fully redcemed, ho aggregate of

(A) the maximum Of LS per cont, and the last thres=month rolling
average of Monthly Prepayment Rates or 1.5 per cent fr th first
two Setlement Dates), multiplicá by the product between (6) the
Outstanding Principal Balances of tho Purchased Reccivables as of.
he preceding CutOW! Date and (i) the Investor Share as of the
Calculaion Date immediately preceding such Setlement Date; and

(E) the maximum of 3.0 per cont, and the last thres=month rolling
average of Monthly Non-Direct Debit Payments Rates (or 3.0 per
ent. fr the first two Setlement Dates) multiplica by th product of.
(ó) the aggregate sum oh Instalments scheduled 10 be reccived by
he Servicer mot by direct debit on the immediately succceding.
Collection Period and (i) the Investor Share, both as of the
Calculaion Date immediately preceding such Setlement Date

ing specific tt:

- the formula and the minimum percentage of refered to in paragraph (b)|
above may be updated by hc Seller and the Management Company according
10 the historical performances of ho Purchased Reccivables recorded by the
Seller, subject to the prior written notice in a easonable timo o the Relevant
Rating Agencies and provided ihat such update shall not result in the
downgrade or the withdrawal of the then curent ratings of the ten
outstanding Rated Notes by any o he Relevant Rating Agencios;

- the Commingling Reservo Required Amount will bo equal to zero (0) once
the Rated Notes have hen redeemed in fl.


Commingling Reserve Shortíall Amount mcans, as calulated in respect of each.
Monthly Payment Date, the positive difirence betwcen () and (ib:

6 is equal to the aggregate amount of all uses mado under the Commingling
Reserve Account in accordance with the Programme Document since the
Fund Incorporation Date (including any use to be made as th case may be on
such Monthly Payment Date),

6) is equal to he sum of

(A) — the aggregato of all amounts the Fund previously failed o reccive
and for wbich an use of the Commingling Reserve had beon made by
dcbit from the Commingling Reserve Account since the Fund

Incorporation Date up to such Monthly Payment Date (included)

(E) the aggregate amount o ll Commingling Reserve Shortall Amount
eMetively repad to the Commingling Reservo Subordinated Facility
Provider since the Fund Incomporation Date (excluding the
Commingling Reserve Shortfall Amount to be repaid as the caso may
be on such Monthly Payment Date).

being specific that the Commingling Reserve Shorfall Amount should be equal to 0
for so long as the Management Company does not reccivo any Monthly Servicer
Report or other documentary evidence

Investor Share means, on any Calcultion Date, he ratio between:

6 the aggregate of the Principal Amount Ouistanding of all oustanding Note
Series on the last Monthly Payment Date (taking into account any redemption
af any Class of Notes of any Noto Series or any fuer isue of Nate Series,
o be made on or before the next immediately Monthly Payment Date):

Gi) the minimum between:
(A) thesumor

(0 the Outstanding Principal. Balances of the Purchased
Reccivables (excluding any Non-Compliant Reccivabls)
under the Performing Client Accounts as of he immediately
prior Cut-O1F Date to such Calculation Date; plus

(UD the Outstanding Principal. Balances of the Purehased
Rescivables transfered in the contet of Initial Transfers on.
the Purchase Date priorto the Calculaion Date; minus

(UI) the Outstanding Principal Balances of any outstanding:
Purchased Reccivablss (other than those deriving From

as


(o

Defulted. Client Accounts or Non-Compliant Client
Accounts) repurchased by the Seller on such Calculation
Date;

(E) — the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Note Series as of the
Monthly Payment Date immediately following such Calo
(taking into account any redemption or issuance of Note Series to be
made between on or before the next Momhly Payment Date),
mullplic by the sum of) one and (the Required Seller Share.

jon Date

Monthly Non-Direct Debit Payment Rate means as calculated in espect of cach
Calculaion Date the ratio between:

6) the NomDirect Debit Payment collected on the Performing Purchased
Rescivables during the Collection Period immediately preceding. such
Calculaion Date; and

Gi) the Outstanding Principal Balance of he Performing Purchased Reccivables
as ote immediately preceding Cut-O1F Date,

Monthly Prepayment Rate mcans as calculatd in respec of cach Calculation Date,
hera between

6) the Prepaid Amount collected on the Performing Purchased Reccivablos
during the Collection Period immediately preceding such Calculation Date;
and

Gi) the Outstanding Principal Balance of he Performing Purchased Reccivables

as.ofthe second immediately preceding Cut-OFP Date

Non-Direet Debit Payment means, on any Calculation Date, in respect of the
Collection Period immediately preceding such Calul th ggregat of the
onmdirostdebit payments (cxcluding Insurance Premi) efectvely paid with respect
af he Performing Client Accownts in relation to the relevant Collection Period

on Das

Prepaid Amount means, on any Calculation Date, in respect of Collection Period
immediately preceding such Calculaion Date, the aggregate of ihe principal
prepayments cifectivoly paid. with respect of the Performing Client Accounts in

relation o the relevant Collection Period,

Adjustments of the Commingling Reserve

On cach Calculation Date, the Management Company will determine the
Commingling Reserve Required Amount to be drawn under or repaid to,
may be, the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility on the immediately

15 the case

216


following Setlement Date (or the immeditely following Issue Date when a new
Note Series sisued, as the case may be) or Monthly Payment Date respectively

The balance of the Comingling Reserve shall be ajusted on cach Setlement Dat,
Issue Date (when a new Note Serie ís fsucd) or Monthly Payment Date (as
applicable) and shall be always cqual to the appl

Required Amount. The Management Company shall ensure that the crodit balance af
the Commingling Reserve Account shall always be equal to the applicable
Commingling Reserve Required Amount

Anercase o he credi balance ofhe Commingling Reserve Account

1f the Management Company determines on any Calculation Dat that the balance of
the Commingling Reserve Account will be below the applicable Commingling
Reserve Required Amount on tho next Setlement Date (or the immediately sue
Date, when a new Noto Series is issued), ho Management Company shall request an
“advance under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility in an amount equal to
Commingling Reserve Increase Amount to be cedited in ho Commingling Reserve
“Account on the nextSetlement Dato (or the Issue Date respectively),

Decrease of the eredi balance of the Commingling Reserve Account

1f the Management Company determines on any Calculation Date that th estimated
balance of the Commingling Reserve Account will be excceding the applicable
Commingling Reserve Required Amount on the next Monthly Payment Dat, the
Management Company shall calculte

(A) — the Commingling Reserve Decrease Amount and shall give the relevant
instructions to ho Issucr Accounts Bank to debi ho Commingling Rescrve.
Account in such amount which will be used lo repay amy principal
¿outstanding under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility on such
Monthly Payment Date, such repayment not bcing subject to th relevant
Priority of Payments; and

(E) — the Commingling Reserve Shorfll Amount and shall give the relevant
instruction to the Issucr Accounts Bank to debit he Interest Account (or
during the Programme Acccleated Amortisaion Period. the General
Account) in such amount which will be used to repay any principal
¿outstanding under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility on such
Monthly Payment Dat, subject o tho relevant Priority of Payments

Notwitistanding th above, if the Management Company docs not reccive any
Monthly Servicer Repon, it shall be entile 1 retain any amount that should be used
o repay the Commingling Reserve Subordinted Facility in the Commingling
Reserve Account until the date on which Management Company shall recive from
he Servicer (or any replacement service) the Monthly Servicer Report or olher
documentary evidence which demonstates to the satisfaction of the Management
Company that there are no remaining amownts which should be transferred by the

27


Servicer to the Fund in respect of all Available Collections it received during all
Collection Period for which no Monthly Servicer Repor had ben prepared by the
Serviceranálor sento hc Fund by the Service

If the Management Company has ultimately received he Monthly Servicer Reports)
andóor the abovementioncd satisfaciory documentary evidence, the Management
Company shal make the necessary reconclitions and determine the amount to bo,
he case may be:

6) debited from the Commingling Reserve Account and credited to the Principal
Account and the Interest Account (as applicable) for the purpose to be
applied as Available Collections; or

Gi) (a) in respect of he Commingling Reserve Decrease Amount, debited from
he Commingling Reserve Account and repaid directly to to Seller (being
specified that such repayment not being subject to the relevant Priority of
Payments) or () in respect f the Commingling Reservo Shortfall Amount,
dcbited from the Interest Account or, during the Programme Accelerated
Amortisaion Period, the General Account, unles (and only or so long as ho
Service is the Seller:

(A) — a Servicer Termination Event has occurred and is continuing and no
replacement servicer has ben appointed by the Management
Company in accondence with section 37.115 of the Additional
Buslding Block; or

(8) — the Borrowers have not been notficd ofthe transfer of he Puchased
Rescivables in acconlance with section 3.7215 of the Adéitional
Building Block,

provided that in any case, the Management Company shall reain from that
repayment any amount due by ihe Servicer on such day to maintain the
Commingling Reserve at an amount equal to the Commingling Reserve
Resuired Amount applicable on such day.

(Gi) debited from the General Account and crodited to the Commingling Resorve:
“Account in order o compensate any amount the Fund previously filed to
receive and for wbich an use af he Commingling Reserve had boen made by
dcbit from the Commingling Reserve Account

Final Release o he Commingling Reserve Account

On the Fund Liquidation Date, subject to the full redemption of Ale Notes, the
satisfaction of all Services obligations (including, but not limited 10, with respect to
the collection and administraion of the Purehased Reccivables) and that no amounts
af principal or interest are outstanding under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated

2


Facility, an amount equal to the part of the Commingling Reserve Amount not
applicd on such date will be used to repay any principal outstanding under the
Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility on such date, such not repayment being.
subject o the relevant Priority af Payments.

For bese purposes

Commingling Reserve Amount means, on any dae, the credit balance of the
Commingling Reserve Account

Commingling Reserve Increase Amount means, on any Seulement Date, the
positive difference betwen the applicable Commingling Reserve Required Amount
and the Commingling Reserve Amount

3433. Security over the Collections Accounts

In order to miigat he commingling risk and in addition to the Commingling Reserve, om the
Fund Incorporation Date and for so long as the Seller is the Service, SEC as Servicer has
agreod lo gran to the Fund a pledge over its ín rem rights in respect o all sums due to the
Fund and deposited from time to time in cach Collections Accounts (including the interes
acerued from time o time on such amounts (Fany) and all claims and rights of SEC (as
account holder) under cach Collections Accounts Bank Agreement) as security for tho
Secured Obligations (as defined below) (the Pledge). The Collections Accounts will be usd
exclusively in accordance wilh and for Ahe purposes set out in section 3727 of the
Additional Building Block

The Pledge will be granted under the collections accounts security document granted on 7
April 2017 (Collections Accounts Security Document)

“As long as the Collections Accounts Bank has not reccived a Stop Instraction Notice from the
Management Company (acting on behalf of the Fund) (unless a Release Notice isreccived by
the Collections Accounts Bank from the Management Company (acting on behalf of ho

Fund) in respect oPsuch Stop Instruction Notice (with a copy being alo sento the Servicr):

(a) — the Servicer shall be entiled to instuct the Collections Accounts Banks o carry out
he relevant credit instructions of the amouns payable by the Borrowees under the
Credit Card Agreements;

(0) the Servicer shall give, on cach Business Day (no later than 3pmm), any necessary
instructions to the Collections Accounts Banks to ensure that the Available
Collections standing to the credit of the Collections Accosmts are wired on the
immediately following Business Day to he credit of General Account;

2


(6) — the Servicer is entiled to give the instructions on cach Business Day to the
Collections Accounts Banks to debit any Collections Accounts with an amount cqual
id by the Borrowersundor the Puchascd Reccivables and

o be transfcred to the Insurance Companies and

o such Insurance Premia.

(é) the Management Company shall not be entiled to give any debit or credit instruction
to the Collections Accounts Banks

On the cali of 1) the reccipt by the Management Company of a notificaion from the
Servicer of the occurence ala Potential Services Termination Esent or (i) the Ma
Company becoming aware of the occurrence oP a Potential Servicer Termination Even, ho
Management Company (acting on behalf of he Fund) may serve 4 Stop Instruction Notice to
the Collections Accounts Banks, with copy to he Servicer. Upon receipt by the Collections
Accounts Bank of a Stop Instruction Notice (and unles 4 Release Notice in respect of such
Stop Instruction Notice s recived by the Collections Accounts Bank from the Management
Company (acting onbchalfof the Fund) (with copy being also sent 19 the Sevicer)

(a) subject1o(B) below, the Sevice shall no longer be ente to give instructions to the
Collections Accounts Banks in respect of the Collections Accounts:

(0) the Servicer shall remain cntiled to instuct the Collections Accounts Banks to cary
¿ut he relevant credit instructions of the amounts payable by the Borrowces under the
Credit Card Agreement;

(<) any automatic transfer (Fany) o the credit balance of he Collections Accounts to ho
eredit of te General Account put n place at the request of the Service shall be
discomimued:

(d) — subjectto (6) above, the Collections Accounts will bo operted by the Management
Company only (andiorby any person designated by the Management Company):

(e) — the Management Company (andíor by any person designated by the Mar
Company) shall insruc the Collections Accounts Banks o automatically transfer to
e General Account the credit balance of the Collections Accounts as well as any
Funds received daily thercair as from the start of the Stop Instraction Notice until
Release Notice is served

1 the Management Company is satisfied that the Potential Sevicer Termination Event
mentioned in the Stop Instruction Notice is remedied within hc corresponding cure period (|
any) and no other event which could result in a Potential Servicer Termination Event has
occurred, ihe Management Company acting on Behalf of hc Fund) shall send a Release
Notice 10 the Collections Accounts Banks, wit copy to the Service, Forbwith upon reccipt
by the Collections Accounts Bank of a Release Notice delivered by the Management
Company (acting on behalf of the Fund) and without prejudio 0 he right ofihe Mar
Company to send fumher Stop Instruction Notices to the Collections Accounts Banks, with
copy lo the Servicer



(a) the Servicer shall be again authorisd to operte any Collections Accounts by giving
credit and debit instructions t the Collections Accounts Banks (in accordance with
he provisions above); and!

(6) any automatic transfer (Fany) of the credit balance of he Collections Accounts to he
redit of the General Account put in place st the request of Ahe Servicer and
discominued in accordance with the above shall bo resumed,

The Management Company (acting in hc name and on behalf of the Fund) shall be entitled o
enfores the Pledge upon the occunence of an Enforcement Event as defined below, by using
he credit balance from cach Collections Accounts only o the extent necessary in order to
ensure that all the outstanding amownts under the Secured Obligations are irevocably and
fully saifió, any remaining surplas being repaid to SFC.

The Pledge will only be discharged once all the Secured Obligations are uncondiionaly and
irrevocably puid and dischargod in ful

Funthcrmore, in accordance with he Collections Accounts Security Document, he Servicer
hall grat at ts own expense, a decd (escritura) of imevocable power of attomcy (he
Irrevocable Power ol Attorney) in favour o the Management Company, acting in hc namo
of the Fund, in rlaion o the Pledge in order o ensure compliance with the underakcings

assumed by virtc of th Collections Accounts Security Document

For bese purposes
Curable Events meens:

(a) — any breach by the Servicer o any ot material non=montary obligations (other than
he failure to provide the Monthly Servicer Repor to the Management Company)
under any Programme Document to which its a party (except ¡fc breah is de to
force majcur).

(6) — amy of the represenations or waranties made or given by the Servicor under any
Programme Document to which itis a paty or in any cntficate delivered pursuant to
the Programme Documents to which ts a party is matrially als or incorret in any
material repost

(c) that the Servicer has not provided the Mansgement Company awith the Monthly
Servicer Report on two consecutivo Monthly Reporting Dates (except the reach is
due to force majcare.

Enforcement Event means 1h occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event which is
ontinsing and has not been cued within the relevant cur period.

"Non-Curable Event meens:



0)

ol

(o

any breach by th Servicer of is obligatios to transfer monies to he General
Account on the Business Day following the date on which such monies ac reccived
by the Seller

subject to (8) above, any breach by the Servicer of any of ts monctary obligations
when due under any Programme Document to which isa party (except ifthe reach
is due to force majcure).

he occurrene of any of the following events in respect of the Servicer

6) The Service is unable or admis inbility to pay lts debts as hy fal! due,
suspends making payments on any of lts debts or by reason of actual or
anticipated financial diíiclis, commences negotstins with one or more
fits creditor wáth a view o reschdiling any oPits indebtedness

(Except s provided below, any corporate action, legal proccedings or olher
procedure or ste taken in relation to:

(A) — a declaraion of insolvency (concurso), winding up, intervention,
dissolution, administration or reorganistion (by way of volumtary
arrangemen, scheme o arangement or otherwise) o he Servicr;

(8) — a composition, compromiso, assignment or arrangement with any
ereditor of the Servier being owed more than €15,000,000 or (i) a
number of creditrs of he Servicer being owed in aggregate more
than €l5,000,000, in che case, by reason of actual or aticipated

Financial dfficutics

(C) the appointment of a liqidator, administrator judicial or oherwise)
compulsory manager or other similar oficer in respect of the
Servicer or any oPits asets;

(D) — the revocatin, withdrawal or suspension by th Bank of Spain o he
license of the Servicer as an ERC or the taking of any discplinary,
resolution, recopitaliation or recovery action against the Servicer
úpursuant to Tegisaton implementing Directivo 2014/59/EU of the
Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2013, in any jurisdiction
vwbich has a material negative cfet an the ability af th Servicer to
perform its obligations under any Programme Document; or

(E) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jursdition,
provided however that no such event would have occurred if'any petition is fivolows

or vexatious and is discharged, stayed or dismissed wihin 30 days of



(4) at amy time (5) ts or becomes unlawíal for the Servicr to perform or comply with
any or all of its material obligations under th Servicing Agreement or () any or sl!
of lts material obligaions under the Servicing Agreement arc nol, or cese to be,
legal, valid and binding (including as result o any act, omission,fuilur, default or
misconduct of the Servicer).

Potential Servicer Termination Event means the occurence of
(a) — aNom-Curble Event
(6) a Curable Event which bas not been cured within one (1) Business Day of the day on

vwbich the Servicer has served th relevant notification to the Management Company
ox carl, the day on which hc Management Company is aware ofi

Release Notice mcans the notice to be delivered by the Management Company (acting on
behalf o ho Fund) to the Collections Accounts Banks vrlicreby, amongst others he Servicer
shall resume to be eniled to give any debi o credit instruction in respect of he Collections
Accounts

Secured Obligations means all payment obligations (whether present or futur, actual or
contingent) of the Servicer to the Fund puesuant to and in relation 10 any Programme
Documents to which the Servicer is a party whether in principal, interests, costs, char

expenses and ancillry cost, including enforcement costs

Stop Instruction Notice means the notice to be delivered by th Management Company
(acting on behalf oFthe Fund) to the Collections Accounts Banks whercby, amongs! others,
the S o longer be entiled to give any debit instruction in respect of the
Collections Accounts.

vicer sh

3:44. Details of any subordinated deb financing.

The Subordinatod Faciliios Providees vil grant the Fund the Subordinated Facilis, the
main temas ad conditions vwhercof are described below.

For these purposes, Subordinated Facilities Providers scans (1) the Commingling Reserve
Subordinated Facility Provider, (li) the Expenses Subordinated Facility Provide, (ik) the
¡y Provider and (iv) the Seller Interest Credit Facility

3441. — Expenses Subordinated Pacii

The Expensos Subordinated Facility Provide will gant a subordinated facility (he Expenses
Subordinated Facility) to the Fund in accordance with the provisions of the Expenses
Subordinated Facility Agreement (the Expenses Subordinated Facility Agreement) hat the
Mas

ies Issue

:oment Company will use to fund the Initial Expensos and the Note S
Expenses (he Fund Non-Operative Expenses)



Th Expenses Subondinated Facility is of a subordinated nature, such that the interest and
principal amownts awed to he Expenses Subordinated Facility Provider vil be subject, as the
case may be, to the applicable Priority of Payments set out in section 3.472 of this
Additional Building Block

The agregate maximum amount of the Expenses Subordinated Faciiy is up to EUR
750,000, corresponding to the Initial Expensos and the Note Series Issue Expenses in
connection with ihe fist Notes Series issued by the Fund (the Maximum Expenses
Subordinated Facility Amount).

Nowwitkstanding the above, further to any deawdown request, the Expenses Subordinated
Facility Provider underakes to, and the Management Company, acting in the namo and on
behalf of he Fund, agree o, increase ho Maximum Expenses Subordinated Facility Amount
to make available any amounts required to fund the Note Series Isue Expenses in connection
with the issue of fuihr Note Series by the Fund during the Programm Revolving Period,
ing specific that:

(a) the issue of fuiher Note Seres by the Fund during the Programme Revolving Period
and th amount af the related Noto Sercs Issue Expensos shall be subjeet to prior
approval by he Seller;

(6) such increase shall be made without the necd to obtain the prior consent from the
Notchalders or other funders o he Fund and

(6) the filre to fund an amount cqual to the Note Seics Issue Expenses on or prior the
relevant Issue Date of such Note Seris is an cary terminatio cvent of he issue oa

Noxe Series pursuant to section 4.4.7.1 of the Registration Document

The amount of the Expenses Subordinated Facility will be drawn through as many
drawdowns as may be required during the Availability Period. The Availability Period shall
commence on the Fund Incorporaion Date and shall end on the last day of th Programme
Revolving Period (or these purposes, the Availability Period)

On the Fund Incorporation Dat, the Management Company shall request an initial drawdown
“under th Expenses Subordinated Facil to fund the Initial Expenses and the Note Series
Issue Expensos of the fist Notes Sorcs, The Expenses Subordinated Facility Provider shall
make such initial drawdown available to the Fund on the first Note Series Disbursement Date,
for same day-valuc y crediting ts amount into hc General Account

Additionaly, and during the Availability Period (to the cxtent that a new Noto Serios will be
issued by the Fund on th following Issue Dates), ho Management Company shall request am
adiitional drawdown under the Expenses Subordinated Facility in an amount equal o the
Notes Series Issue Expenses in connection with the fordhcoming Note Seres as calulated by
the Management Company and agrecd by th Seller. The dravdawn request shall nced to be
delivered on or prior o the Caleulation date before the Issue Date of the new Notes Series



The drawdow amount will be credited in tho General Account no
Issue Date.

The Fund sball repay the amounts made available to t under the Expensos Subordinated
Facility on cach Monthly Payment Date by an amount cqual to the Available Distribution
Amount aflcr deducting the amounts ranlcing ahcad of it in th relevant Priority of Payments
(the Expenses Facility Principal Amount). Morcover, the Fund shall repay principal under
the Expenses Subordinated Facility on the fist Monthly Payment Date following the date of
cach deawdown in an amount (if any) cqual to ho excess of the amount of the relevant

incurrod or

drawdown over the amount of the relevant Fund Non: Operativo Expenses actual
committed by the Fund in relation to the relevant Note Series, Such payment shall be mado to
he Expenses Subordinated Facility Provide directly, without application of any Priority of
Payments.

Principal amounts raid will be available for subsequent dmawdowns up to the Maximum
Expenses Subordinated Facility Amount in connection with dh issue of further Notes Series
exclusively.

Any Expenses Facility Principal Amounts due under the Expenses Subordinated Facility
vwbich have not been paid to Ahe Expenses Subordinsted Facility Provider ducto shortege of
Avsilable Distribution Amounts will bo paid on the following Monthly Payment Date on
vwbich the Available Distribution Amounts permit said payment according to the applicable
Priority of Payments. Such deferred Expensos Facility Principal Amounts will be paid at the
same rank but in preference to the Expensos Facility Principal Amounts payabl in rlaion to
he Expenses Subordinated Facility on said Monthly Payment Date. The Expenses Faciliy
Principal Amownts owed to the Expenses Subondinated Facility Provider that remains unpaid

according to th provision of prior paragaphs will not accrue default interest in favour of
the Expenses Subordinated Facility Provider.

Th amounts outstanding under the Expenses Subordinated Facility shall acrue interest Such
interest will be calculated on the bi interest rat, which will be EONIA +
0,02% (provided hat the interest rate cannot be lower than 0%) (he Expensos Facility

' of an amm

Interest Amount)

For these purposes, EONIA incans , in respect of cach Interest Acerual Period (as defined
below), the rate equal to 1he overnight rate as calculated by the ECB and appearing on the
Relevant Screen Page two (2) TARGET2 Business Days before the date on which such
Interest Acerual Period bogins

The term of the Expenses Subordinated Facily shall be divided ino consecutivo interest
Aacerual periods (cach of them, an Interest Accrual Period) comprising the days ciTectivly
elapsed between cach Monthly Payment Date, including in cach Interest Accrual Period the
initial Monthly Payment Date and cxcluding the final Mombhly Payment Date. The fest

commence on the Fund Incorporaion Date and cad on the
immediately following Momhly Payment Date

Interest Accrual Period sh



The Expenses Facility Interest Amount will be seed on cach Monthly Payment Date, and
vvil be calculated on th following basis: (1) he actual Mstive days in cach Interest Accrual
Period and () a 360 day year. Th Expenses Facility Interest Amount will e paid on cach
Monthly Payment Date in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments

Any Expenses Facility Interest Amount duc under the Expenses Subordinated Facility which
have not been paid to the Expenses Subordinsted Faciliyy Provider due to shortage of
Avsilable Distribution Amounts will bo paid on the following Monthly Payment Date on
vwbich the Available Distribution Amounts permit said payment according to the applicable
Priority of Payments. Such deferred Expenses Facility Inteest Amount will be paid a the
same rank but in preference to the Expenses Facility Interest Amount payabl in relation to
he Expenses Subordinated Facility on said Monthly Payment Date. The Expenses Facil
Interest Amount owed to the Expenses Subordinated Facility Provider that remains unpai
according to th provision of th prior pararaphs will not acerue default interest in favour of
the Expenses Subordinated Facility Provider.

The Expenses Subordinated Facility shall be ropaid by the Fund in Sull on the Fund
Liquidation Date and subject to th fall payment of any amounts ranking in higher priority
úpursuant to applicable Priority of Payments. Any amount under the Expenses Subordinated
Facility not paid on the Fund Liquidation Date shall be cancelled and decmed as a final loss
for the Expenses Subordinated Facility Provider.

The Expenses Subordinated Pacilsy Agreement sha end on hs carlir of
(a) the Fund Liquidation Date; or

(0) as the case may be, the Monthly Payment Date on which
as principal or intere) under the Expenses Subordinated Fa
further dawdowos are permiltd thercunder.

3442. — General Reserve Subordinated Facility

The General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider will grant a General Reserve
Subordinated Facility to the Fund in accordance with hc provisions of the General Resorve
Subordinated Facility Agreement (the General Reserve Subordinated Pacility Agreement)
ate Management Company will use to fund the General Reserve.

The General Reserve Subordinated Faciliy is oa subordinated nature, such that the interest
“amounts owed to the Gencral Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider may be subject to the
relevant Priority of Payments st out in section 347.2 of this Additional Building Block

Th maximum amownt of the General Reservo Subordinated Facility is up 0 EUR 5.640.000,
comesponding to the General Reserve Required Amount as of the first Notes sue
Disbursement Date as calculated by the Management Company (the Maximum General
Reserve Subordinated Facility Amount)



Nowwitkstanding the above, furber to any draudown request, the General Reserve
Subordinated Faciiy Provider underakes to, and the Management Company, acting in the
mame and on behalf of the Fund, agrees to, increase Ah Maximum General Reserve
Subordinated Facility Amount to the extent required in order to make available any amounts
required to fund any General Reserve Increase Amount in he context of he sue of funhor
Noe Series approved by the Seller during the Programme Revolving Period, being specified
ta

(a) such increase shall be made without the need to obtain the prior consent from the
Notcholders or any other funders o hc Fund; and

(0) the filreto fa th General Reserve up to he General Reservo Required Amount
dm the Issue Date the relevant Note Series ds am car terminatin ovent af he issue
fa Note Series pursuant to section 4.47. ofthe Registration Document

ln addition, the Goncral Reserve Subordinated Faciliy Provider and the Management
Company, acting in hc name and on behalf of the Fund, may agree to voluntarily increase the
Maximum General Reserve Subordinated Facility Amount from time 1 time in orde to make:
available additional drawdowns under the General Reserve Subordinated Facility to avoid any
downgrade orwithdrawal of the rating of the then outstanding Rated Notes by any Relevant
Rating Agency,

The General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider and the Management Company, acting
in he name and on behalf of he Fund, may agree to decrease the maximum General Reserve:
Subordinated Facility Amount from time to time during the Programme Revolving Period
vvithout the need to obtin the prior consent from the Notcholders or any other funders of the
Fund, subject the satisfaction of he following condition:

(a) such decrease shall ot cause a repayment or a prepayment of any dramdown
previously mado under the Gencral Reserve Subordinated Facility

(6). priormoticeis given by the Management Company to cach Relevant Rating Agencies
0 later han try (30) calendar days prior o the effective date of such decrease

(e) amy decrease vil not result in the downgrade or withdrawal of the then curent rating
of any of the then outstanding Rated Notes by any of hc Relevant Rating Agencies;
and

(é) the decrease will not cause th accurrence of a Revolving Termination Event or an
Acclerated Amontiation Event

The amount of the General Reserve Subordinated Facil will be drawn through as many
drawdowns as may be required during the Availability Period in connection with the issue of
further Note Seris only. The Availbiliy Period shall commence on the Fund Incorporation
Date and shall end on the lat day of ho Programme Revolving Period (or these purposes,
he Availability Period)



On the Fund Incorporation Dat, the Management Company shall request an initial drawdown
under the General Reservo Subordinated Facility for an amount of EUR 5,640,000, The
amount of the initial dewdown will be cqual to the General Reserve Required Amount as of
he first Notes Issue Disbursement Date, as calculated by the Management Company. The
General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider shall mak: the initial drawdown available to
the Fund on tho fist Notes Isuc Disbursement Date for same day-valuc, by crediting the

amount ote init

'drawdown into the General Reserve Account

Additionaly, and during the Availability Period, ¡the Management Company determines on
any Calculation Date that the balance of the General Reserve Account will be below the
¡General Reserve Required Amount on th next Issue Date on which a Note Soros i isued by
the Fund, tho Management Company shall request an additional dawdown under the Genral
Rescrve Subordinatod Facility in respect of the amount of Ah Gencral Reserve Increase
Amount. The drawdown request shall need to b delivered on or prior to the Calculaion Date
proceding such Issue Date. Tho Gencral Reserve Increase Amount will bo crdited ín the
¡General Reserve Account

The Fund shall sepay the amounts made as
Subordinated Facility on cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving

lable to it under the General Reserve

Period or the Programme Amortisation Period by an amount equal to th applicable General
Reserve Deercase Amount (as determined by the Management Company on the relevant
Calculaion Date) on the relevant Monthly Payment Dat, such repayment being not subject
to he applicable Priority of Payments.

For the avoidance of doubt, no General Reserve Decrease Amount shall be repaid during the
Programme Accclerated Amortisstion Period,

“Any General Reserve Shontfall Amount duc under the General Reserve Subordinated Facil
vil be paid on cach Monthly Payment Date in accordance with the relevant Priority of
Payments. The General Reserve Shortíall Amount will not accrue interest or default interest
in favor of General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider.

Principal under the General Reserve Subordinated Faciliy shall be repad by the Fund on the
Fund Liquidaion Date in an amount cqual to the part of the General Reserve Amount Any
principal smount under the General Reserve Subordinated Facility not paid on the Fund
Liquidation Date pursuant to the preceding paragraph shall bo canceled and deomed as a
final loss foro General Reserve Subontinated Facility Provider.

Principal amounts repaid will bo available for subsequent deawdown up to the Maximum
General Reservo Subordinated Facility Available Amount in connection with 1h issue of
funer Note Series or to avoid any downgrade or withdeawal of the rating of the then
outstanding Rated Notes by any Relevant Rating Agency.

The amowns outstanding under the General Reservo Subordinated Facility shall acorue
interest, Such interest will be calculated on he basis of an annual interest rate, which will be



EONIA + 0,92% (provided that the interest rate cannot be lower than 0%.) (the General
Reserve Interest Amount)

The term ol ho General Reservo Subordinated Facility shall be divided into consecutivo
interest accrual periods (cach of them, an Interest Accrual Period) comprising ihc days
efetively clapsed between cach Monthly Payment Date including in cach Interest Accrual
Period the initial Monthly Payment Date and cxcluding the final Monthly Payment Date. The
first Interes Acera Period shall commence on the Fund Incorporation Date and end on the
immediately following Monthly Payment Date

Th General Reserve Interest Amount vil be setled on cach Monthly Payment Date, and will
be calculated on the folowing basis: (1) the actual cifetive days in cach Interest Accrual
Period and (a 360 day year. The General Reserve Inerest Amount will be paid on cach
Monthly Payment Date in accordance with th relevant Priority of Payments

Any General Reserve Interest Amounts ds under the General Reserve Subordinatod Facility
which have not been paid o the Gencral Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider due to
shorage of Available Distribution Amount will be paid on the following Monthly Payment
Date on which the Available Distribution Amounts permit said payment according to the
applicable Priority of Payments. Such deferred amounis will be paid on the same rank but in

preference to the General Reserve Interest Amounts payable in relation to the General
Rescrve Subordinated Facility on said Monthly Payment Date. The General Reserve Interest
Amownts owed to the General Reservo Subordinated Facility Provider that remains umpaid
according to th provision of prior paragraph will not accrue default interest in favour of
the General Reserve SubordinatedFaciliy Provider.

Any General Reserve Interest Amount under the General Reserve Subordinated Facility not
id on the Fund Liquidaion Date shall bo concello and decmed as a final loss for the
General Reservo Subordinatod Facility Provider.

"he General Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement shall end on the caricr of

(a) the Fund Liquidation Date; or

(0) as the case may be, the Monthly Payment Date on which al the amounts due (either
as principal or intere) under he General Reserve Subordinated Facility are satisfied
“ando furthcrdeawdows ar permite thercunder.

3443. — Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility

The Commingling Reservo Subordinated Facility Provider will grant a Commingling Reserve

Subordinated Facility in accordance wilh the provisions of the Commingling Reserve

Subordinated Facility Agreement (the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility
use to fund the Commingling Reserve.

Agreement) tha the Management Company



The Commingling Reservo Subordinated Facility s of a subordinated nature, such that ho
interest amounts awed to the Commingling Reservo Subortinaed Facility Provider will be
subject o the relevant Priority of Payments set out in section 3.422 of this Additional
Eilding Block.

The total amount of the Commingling Reserve Subordinatod Facility will be EUR
30,000,000.00 (he Maximum Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Amount

Nowwithstanding the above, furier to any drawdown request, the Commingling Reserve:
Subordinated Faciiy Provider underakes to, and the Management Company, acting in the
ame and on beh

of the Fund agrees to, increase the Maximum Commingling Reserve
Subordinated Facility Amount to the extent required in order to make available any amounts
required to fund any Commingling Reserve Increase Amount during the Availability Period,
ing specific that:

(a) — no prior consent from the Noteholders or any olher funders of the Fund will be
required; and

(0) the fre to fund the Commingling Reserve up to the Comming
Required Amount an the Issue Date of the relevant Note Series is an carl

termination event of the issuc of a Note Serics pursuant to section 44.1 af the
Registration Document

In adéiion, the Commingling Reservo Subontinated Facil Provider and the Ma
Company,

Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Amount fom time to time withost he need to
obtain the prior consent rom the Notcholders or any other funders af he Fund, subject lo the
satisfaction of th following conditions:

cting in the name and on behalf of the Fund, may agree to decrease the Maximum

(a) such decrease shall mot cause a repayment or a prepayment of any dramdown
previously mado under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility

(6). priormoticeis given by the Management Company to cach Relevant Rating Agencies
0 later han try (30) calendar days prior o the effective date of such decrease

(e) amy decrease vil not result in the downgrade or withdrawal of the then curent rating
of any of the then outstanding Rated Notes by any of hc Relevant Rating Agencies;
and

(é) the decrease will not cause th accurrence of a Revolving Termination Event or an
Acclerated Amontiation Event

The amount of he Commingling Reserve Subordinated Faciliy will be drswn through as
many drawdowns as may be required during the Availability Period The Availability Period
shall commence on the Fund Incorporation Date and shall end on the Fund Liquidution Date
(lor ese purposes hc Availability Period).

260


On the Fund Incorporation Dat, the Management Company shall request an initial drawdown
under the Conmmingling Reserve Subondinated Facility for an amount of EUR 9,100,000. The
amount oftho initial deawdown vil bc cqual to the Commingling Reserve Required Amount,
as of he first Notes Issue Disbursement Date as calculated by ho Management Company.
The Commingling Reservo Subordinated Facility Provider shall make the iniil drawdown
available to the Fund on the first Notes Isuc Disbursoment Date for seme day-valus, by
rediting the amount of he ini y Reserve Account

'drawdown into the Commin

Additionaly, and during the Availbiliy Period, if tho Management Company determines on
any Calculation Date on the basis of the information provided to lt by the Server that ho
balance of the Commingling Reserve Accownt will be below the applicable Commingling
Reserve Required Amount on the relevant Setloment Date or sue Date when a new Note
Series 5 issued, as the case may be, the Management Company shall request on such
Calculaion Date an additional drawdown under the Commingling Reserve Subordinaed
Facility in an amount cqual to Commingling Rescrve Increase Amount o be creditd in the
Commingling Reserve Account on the next Setilement Date (andior, if applicable on the
Issue Date when a now Note Series is issued).

1 the Management Company determinos on a Calculaion Date that the cstimatod balance of
the Commingling Reserve Account vil be cxcceding the applicable Commingling Reserve
Required Amount on the next Monthly Payment Date, the Management Company shall
calculte

(2) the Commingling Reserve Decrease Amount and shall ive the relevant instructions
do the Issucr Accounts Bank to debit ho Commingling Reserve Account in such
amount which will be used to repay any principal outstanding under the
Commingling Reservo Subondinated Facility on such Monthly Payment Date, such.
repayment not being subject o the relevant Priority o Payments; and

(6) the Commingling Reserve Shontall Amount and shall give the relevant instructions to
he Issuer Accounts Bank to debit the Interest Account (0r, during the Programme
Acccleated Amontistion Period, the General Account) in such amount which will be
used to repay any principal outstanding under the Commingling Reserve
Subordinated Facility on such Monthly Payment Date, subject to the relevant Priority
of Payments.

Nowwitkstanding the above, if ho Management Company dos not reccive any Monthly
Servicer Repor, it shall be enttcd to reta any amount tht should be used to repay the
Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility n the Commingling Reserve Account until ho
date on which Management Company shall reccive from the Service (or any replacement
services) the Monthly Servicer Repor or other documentary evidence which demonsraes to
he satisaction of hc Management Company tbat here are no remaining amownts which
should be trnsferod by tho Servicer to the Fund in respect of

reccived during all Collection Periods for which no Monthly Sevicer Report had been
prepared by th Servicer and/or sento the Fund by the Servicer

!l Avsilable Collections it

25


-ment Company has utimately eccived the Monthly Servicer Reports) andíor
he abovementioned satisaiory documentary evidence, the Management Company shall
make the necessary reconciliations ad determine the amount to be, as th case may be:

(a) debitod from the Commingling Roseree Account and credited to the Principal
“Account and the Interest Account (as applicabl) for the purpose to be applied as
Available Collections; or

(6) 68) in respect of the Commingling Reserve Decrease Amount, debited from the
Commingling Reserve Account and repaid directly to the Seller (being specifid that
such repayment not being subjcet to Ahe relevant Priority af Payments) or (9) in
respect of the Commingling Reservo Shortfall Amount, debied from the Interes
Account or, during the Programme Accolerted Amortisaion Period, the General
Account, unless (and only for so long as the Servicer 5 the Seller

6) a Servicer Termination Event has occurred and is continuing and no
replacement services has been appointed by the Management Company in
“accordance with scction 3.7.2.5 af the Additional Building Block; or

Gi) the Borowers have not been notiicd of the transfer of the Purchased
Rescivables in accordance with scction 3.72.15 of the Additional Building
Block,

provided tha, in any case, the Management Company shall retain from that

repayment any amount due by the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility
Provider on such day to maintain he Commingling Reserve at an amount equal to the
Commingling Reserve Required Amount applicable on such day

(6) debited from the General Account and credited to the Conmmingling Reserve Account
in order lo compensate any amount the Fund previously filed to receive and for
wbich an use of the Commingling Reserve had been made by debi from the
Commingling Reserve Account

isrepaid up to the Maximum Commingling Reserve Facility Available Amount

Principal under th Commingling Reserve Subondinated Fs be rep by the Fund
on the Fund Liquidation Date subject to the repayment in full of the Notes of any Notes
Serie. Any amount undor the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility not paid puesuant
lo the preceding paragraph shall be cancellod and decmed as a final loss for the
Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider.

Th amounts outstanding under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facil sh
interest, Such interest will be calculated on he basis of an annual interest rate, which will be
EONIA + 0,024 (provided tha he interest ate cannot be lower than 0%.) (hc Commingling.
Reserve Interest Amount)

262


Th ten of the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility shall be divided into consecutivo
interest accrual periods (cach of them, an Interest Accrual Period) comprising ihc days
efetively clapsed between cach Monthly Payment Date including in cach Interest Accrual
Period the initial Monthly Payment Date and cxcluding the final Monthly Payment Date. The
first Interest Accrual Period shall comence on the first Note Serios Issue Date and end on.
immediately following Monthly Payment Date

The Commingling Reserve Interest Amount will e seed on cach Payment Date, and vil be
calculated on tho following basis: he actual efectivo days in cach Interest Accrual Period
and (id) a 360 day year. The Commi

Monthly Payment Date in accordance with Priority of Payments.

ing Reserve Interest Amount will bo paid on cach

Any Commingling Reserve Interest Amount due under the Commingling Reserve
Subordinated Faciiy which have not been paid to the Commingling Reserve Subordinated
Facility Provider due 10 shortage of Available Distribution Amounts will be paid on the
following Mombhly Payment Date an which ho Available Distribution Amounts permit said
payment according to the applicable Priority of Payments. Such deferred amounts will be paid
on the same rank but in preference to the Commingling Reserve Inres Amount payable in

relation to the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility on said Monthly Payment Date

The Commingling Reserve Interest Amounts owed to the Commingling Reserve
Subordinated Facility Provider that remain unpaid according to the provisions of the prior
poragraphs will mot accrue default interest in favowr of the Commingling: Reserve
Subordinated Facilsy Provider.

Any Commingling Reserve Interest Amount not paid upon terminatio of he Commingling
Rescrve Subordinated Facility Agreement shall bo canelled and deemed as a final loss for

the Commingling Resrve Subordinated Facility Provider.

end on the Fund

The Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement sh
Liquidation Date.

3d. Seller Interest Credit Fs

Y

The Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider will make available a seller interest facility (he
Seller Interest Credit Facility) in accordance with the provisions oftho Seller Interes Credit
Facility Agreement (he Seller Interest Credit Facility Agreement) that the Ma
Company willuseto:

(2) with regards to the purchase of the initial ponfolio of Eigible Reccivables on the
Fund Incorporaion Date:

6) to finance in part (logehcr with any Notes Serics issued on the Fund
Incomporation Date) the purchase of the initial portfolio of Eligble
Rescivables (in the context of the first Initial Transfer) from the Seller; or

268


Gi) if the Note Series to be issued on the Fund Incorporaion Date are carly
erminated in accordance with soction 4.4.7.1 of the Registration Document
(other than he occurrence of the event forescen in paragraph (d)G) of such
section 447.1) to finance in full the purchase of the initial portfolio oP
Eliible Roccivablesfom the Seller.

(6) — om any Settlement Date (other than the Fund Incorporation Date) during the
Programme Revolving Period:

6) to Finance in ful orín part the purchase of Reccivables (other in the context
in Initial Transfers or Additional Transfers) from the Seller on any Purchase
Date; andíor

Gi) toredeemexisting Note Seris.

On cach Calculation Date, the Management Company will determine the SICE Drawing
Amount and the amount to be, as the case muy be, drawn under the Seller Interest Credit
Facility o epaid to the Seller Interest Credit Paciliy Provider

The Seller Interest Credit Facility is of a subordinated nature during the Programme
Amorisation Period and the Programme Acccleraied Amonisation Period, such that tho
principal and interest amownts owed to the Seller Interest Credit Facilisy Provider will be
subject o the relevant Priority of Payments set out in section 3:4.72 of this Additional
Eilding Block.

The total amount Of Ahe Seller Interest Credit Facility will be EUR 1wo billion

Nowwithstanding the above, fuer to any deawdown request, he Seller Interest Credit
Facility Provider underakes to, and the Management Company, acting in the name and on
behalf o he Fund, agres to, increase the Maximum Seller Interest Credit Facility Amount to
he extent required in orde to maks available additional drwdowns under the Seller Interest
Credit Facility to fund any SICF Drawing Amount during the Programme Revolving Period,
ing specific tt:

(a) such increase shall be made wilhout the need to obtain the prior consent from the
Notholders or any other funders of hc Fund; and

(0) a flor by the Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider to make available the Seller
Interest Credit Facility for an amount cqual to the SICF Drawing Amount on any
Setlement Date afir the Fund Incomporation Date shall constitute a Revolving
Terminstion Event

In addition, the Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider and he Management Company, acting

in the name and on behalf of the Fund may decrease the Maximum Seller Interest Credit
Facility Amount from time to time without the nced to obtain th prior consent from the

208


Noteholders or any other funders of the Fund, subject to the satisfaction of he following.
conditions

(a) such decrease shall ot cause a repayment or a prepayment of any dramdown
previously mado under the Seller Imerest Credit Facility;

(0) the Maximum Soller Interest Credit Facility Amount will be a least cqual to EUR
1,000,000.000;

(6) — priormoticcís given by the Management Company to cach Relevant Rating Agencies
0 later han try (30) calendar days prior o the effective date of such decrease

(d) amy decrease vil not result in the downgrade or withdrawal of the then curent rating
of any of the then outstanding Rated Notes by any of hc Relevant Rating Agencies;
and

(e) the decrease will not cause th accurrence of a Revolving Termination Event or an
Acclerated Amontiation Event

hs amount of he Seller Interest Facility will be drawn through as many drawdowns as may
be required during the Availbilz Period. The Availabiliy Period shall comence on the
Fund Incorporation Date and shall end on the last day of the Programme Revolving Period
(the Availability Period).

The Fund muy request a drawdown under the Seller Interest Credit Facility on the
Disbursement Date of the fist Note Serics issued by the Fund, and thercañer on any
Calculaion Date for an amount up to (th Seller Interest Credit Facility Drawing Amount
orbe SICF Drawing Amount):

(2) — during the Programm Revolving Period and if the Residual Principal Deficiency
Ledger is not in debit at the precoding Calculaion Date, the minimum between (1)
and (ió) ber:

6) the SICE Required Drawdown Amount on such Setlement Dat; and
Gi) the SICE Maximum Drevwable Amount on such Setlement Date;

(6) during the Programme Revolving Period (Gfth Residual Principal Defcieney Ledger
is in debit at th preceding Calculation Date), the Programme Amortisation Period
and the Programme Accolerated Amortiation Period, zero (0).

For bese purposes

Asset-Liability Mismatch Amount mcans on any Calls
between (a) and (9) where:

ion Date, the postie difrence

(a) ise aggregate of, (4), (si), (iv) and (v) below

26s


6) the Ouistanding Principal Balances of the Purchased Reccivables (excluding
any Non-Compliat Reccivables) under ho Performing Client Accounts as of
the immediately prior Cut-04% Date to such Calcultion Dat plus

Gi) the Ouistanding Principal Balances of the Purchased Reccivables transfer
in the context of Initial Transfers on the Purchase Date prior to the
Calculaion Date (included) minus

Gi) the Outstanding Principal Balances of amy outstanding Purchase
Reccivables other than those deriving from Defaulted Client Accounts or
Non-Complisnt Client Accounts) repurchased by the Seller on such
Calculaion Dat: pls

(Y) the Umpplicd Revolving Amount ('P any) that will be credited to the
Revolving Account on the Monthly Payment Date after such Calculation
Date; plus

(0) the amount tt vil be standing to the credit oh Principal Account on the
Monthly Payment Date añer such Calculaion Date (including any amount
reained on the Principal Account and recorded in the Principal Distribution
Ledger on such Monthly Payment Date).

(0) is the aggregate ol th Principal Amount Outstanding of ll Notes o al Note Series
(taking account any principal payments to be made with respect to ho Note Series to
be amortised or any Note Series to be issued) on or prior to the Monthly Payment
Date añcr such Calculaion Date.

úSICF Required Drawdow Amount mcans on any Setlement Date, the positive difirenco
as calculated on the previous Calcuation Dat between (a) and (b) where:

(a) the AsseeLí

iy Mismatch Amount; and
(6). the SICE Principal Amount Outstanding (taking ino account any repayment to be
made on such Monthly Payment Date following such Setlement Date) on such

Setlement Date

SICF Maximum Drawable Amount means on any Setlement Dat, the positive difirenco
between (a) and (D) where:

(a) ise Maximnum Seller Interest Credit Facility Amount; and
(6). is SICE Principal Amount Outstanding (taking into account any repayment o be

made on such Monthly Payment Date following such Setlement Date) on such
Setlement Date

266


Each Drawdown request (other than h one to be made on the Disbursement Date of the first
Noe Series isued by th Fund) shall nced to be delivered no later than on the Calculation
Date preceding the relevant Setlement Date

The Seller Interest Credit Faciliy Provider shall mak: the drawdowas available o the Fund
on the Disbursement Date of th first Note Series and thrcafcr() on cach Setlement Date,
for same day-value, by set o if the drawdown is used to finance in ful or in par the
purchase of Rescivables or () on cach Setlement Dato, for samo day-valuc by crediing the
amount of the Diawdowos into the Principal Account f he drawdown ds usd to redeem
existing Note Seres

The Fund shall repay the Seller Interest Credit Facility made to tn accordance with the
applicable Priority of Payments on cach Monthly Payment Date by an amount cqual to (he
tion Amount or the SICF Amortisation Amount)

(a) — on any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and if ho
Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is nt in debit as determined on the preceding
Calculaion Date the loser between:

6) the positive difference betwcen the SICE Principal Amount Ouistanding on
he preceding Monthly Payment Date (after the application of he Priority of
Payments) and the product of (x) Required Seller Share and (y) the Principal
Amount Outstanding of all Note Serics (taking into account any redemption
or issuamoe of Note Series to be mado hetwcen on or before the next Monthly
Payment Date); and

Gi) the positive difference between:

(A) the Available Principal Amount; and

(8) thesumor

1 the Investor Available Amortisation Amount determined on
the preceding Calculation Date

HL the maximum between th Efectivo Purchase Price and the
ageregato of the Noto Serics 20xx-yy Available Purchase
Amount with respecto such Montbly Payment Date;

HL any SICF Drawing Amount drawn under the Seller Credit
Interest Facility on such the Setlement Date preceding such
Monthly Payment Date; and

IV. as the case may be, the amount crodited to the Interest
Account pursuant to item (1) of the Principal Priority oP
Payments;

261


(6). on any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and if hc
Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is in debit on the preceding Calculation Date,
zero (0); and

(<) — on any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Amortisaion Period or the
Programme Accclerated Amomisation Perid:

6) forso long as all Notes of all Nate Series have not been redeemed in fal:
zero (0); and
Gi) upon redemplion in full of the Notes of all Note Series: the SICF Principal

Amount Outstanding as of close of the immediately precoding Monthly
Payment Date.

Any SICF Amortisation Amount due under the Seller Interest Credit Facilisy which has not
cen paid to he Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider due to shortege of Available
Distribution Amounts will bo paid on the following Monthly Payment Date on which the
Avsilable Distribution Amounts permit said payment according to th applicable Priority o
Payments. Such deferred amounts vil be paid on th same ral but in preference to the SICE
Amorisaion Amount payable in elaion to the Seller Interest Credit Facility on said Monthly
Payment Date. The SICF Amortisation Amounts owed to the Seller Interest Credit Facility
Provider that remain unpaid according to the provisions of the prior paragraphs will not
“cera default interest in favour the Seller Interest Credit Facility Provide.

The Seller Ineret Credit Facility shall bo repaid by the Fund on the Fund Liquidation Date
and subject to Ahe full payment of any amounts ranking in higher priority puesuant to
applicable Priority of Payments. Any amount under the Seller Interest Credit Facility not paid
on the Fund Liquidation Dat shall be cancellod and deemod as a final loss for the Seller
Interest Credit Facility Provider

Any SICF Amorisation Amounts repaid will be available for subsequent drawdowns up to
he Maximum Seller Interest Credit Facility Amount

The SICF Principal Amount Outstanding under the Seller Intrest Credit Facility sh
interest as from the relevant Drawdown date until the relevant Drawdown is repaid ín am
amount calculated by the Management Company on the Calculacion Dato and equal to the
product ofihe Seller Interest Credit Facility Interest Amount or SICE Interest Amount)

(a) — the relevant Seller Share Interest Rate;

(6). the SICE Principal Amount Outstanding as of the preceding Monthly Payment Date;
and

(c) the day count fction corresponding to Uh ratio between () the actual effective days
in cach Interest Accrual Period and (4) a 360-«ay year,

268


“and sound the resultant figure to Ah nearest cnt

For heso purposes, Seller Share Interest Rate mcans, on any Monthly Payment Date, the
annual fed interest rate which shall be calculated by th Management Company as follows:

(a) for so long as the Class A Notes of any Note Series are outstanding, the aver
interest rate of all Class A Notes which are outstanding as weighted by thcir
respective Principal Amount Outstanding on such Monthly Payment Dat (taking into
“account the applicable swap rate plas margin for Class A Notes bearing a fosting
rate, iFapplicable)

(6) once he Class A Notes oPall Note Sercs have been redecrned in full ad for so long
as the Class B Notes of any Note Seics re outstanding, the average interest rate of
“il Clas 3 Notes which ac outstanding as weighted by their respectivo Principal
Amount Outstanding on such Monthly Payment Date (king into accosnt the
applicable swap rate plus margin for Class E Notes bearing a Moating rate, ¿€
applicable:

(6) once he Class B Notes of all Note Seics have been redecrnd in full and for so long
as the Class C Notes oPany Note Seics are outstanding, the average interest rate of
“il Class C Notes which ac outstanding as weighted by their respectivo Principal
Amount Outstanding on such Monthly Payment Date (king into accosnt the
applicable swap rate plus margin for Class C Notes bearing a Moating rate, ¿£
applicable): and

(4) inany othercases, 1.30 per cent or any oler percentage specified as such in he last
Prospectus Supplement,

The tem of the Sel

+ Interest Credit Facility shall be divided into consecutivo interest
Aacerual periods (cach of them, an Interest Accrual Period) comprising the days efTectivly
elapscd between cach Monthly Payment Date, including in cach Interest Accrual Period the
initial Monthly Payment Date and cxcluding the final Mombly Payment Date. The fest
Interest Accrual Period shall commence on the Disburscment Date of the first Note Seres
issued by the Fund and end on the immedisely following Monthly Payment Date.

The Fund shall pay the SICF Interest Amownt as part of the Seller Share Interest Peyable
Amount on cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programm Revolving Period, the
Programme Amortisaion Period and the Programme Accelersted Amortisation Period in
accordance with th Prioity of Payments as calculated by the Management Company on the
Calculaion Date immediately preceding such Monthly Payment Date.

Any SICF Interest Amount due under the Seller Interest Credit Facility which has mot been
paid o the Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider due o shortage of Available Distribution
Amownts, will be paid on the following Momhly Payment Date on wbich the Available
Distribution Amownts permi said payment according to th applicable Priority of Payments.
Such deferred SICF Interest Amownts will be paid on the same rank but in preference to the

269


SICE Interest Amounts payable in relation to the Seller Interest Credit Facility om said
Monthly Payment Date, The SICE Interest Amountsowed to th Sellr Interest Credit Facility
Provider that remain unpaid according to the provisions of the prior paragraphs will not
“acera defult interest in avowr of the Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider. Any SICF
Interest Amounts under the Seller Interest Credit Faciliy not paid on the Fund Liquidation
Date shall be cancelled and deemod as a final los for the Seller Interest Credit Facility
Provider.

The Seller Interest Credit Facility Agreement shall end on th cari of
(a) the Fund Liquidation Date; or

(0) as the case may be, the Payment Date on which all hc amounts due (cier as
principal or interes) under the Seller Interest Credit Facility are satisfcd and no.
further drwdowns are permiltd thereunder.

For hose purposes, Seller Interest Credit acilty Principal Amount Outstanding or SICF
Principal Amount Outstanding mcans, on any dae, the principal amount outstanding of all
SICE Drawing Amounts mado under the Seller Itrest Crit Facility

345. Parameters for the
description of the parties responsible for such investment

345. Opening of the Issuer Accounts y the Fund, Account Bank Agreement

On the Fund Incorporation Date the Management Company, acting in th name and on behalf
fe Fund, will ener into an account bank agreement (he Account Bank Agreement) wit
the Issuer Accounts Bank whercby it wil pen the name o hc Fund with the Issuer Accouns
Bank the following bank accounts (the Issuer Accounts): () the General Account, (i) the
Principal Account, (ii) the Interest Account, (iv) the Revolving Account, (v) the General
Reserve Account, (vi) the Commingling Reserve Account, (vi) the Spread Account and (vi).
vvith respect to any Hodging Agreement entered into between the Fund and any Eligible
Hedging Counterpaty, hc relevant Hedging Collteral Accounts.

The purpose of the Account Bank Agreement is to set out th terms and conditions of he
“opening of Issue Accounts in le books of the Issuer Accounts Bank and the operation
such accounts.

At any time aer the Fund Incorporation Dat, the Management Company may request from
time to time the Issuer Accounts Bank to open, in ls books and ín the Fund's name,
“additional Isuer Accounts which may be necessary or advisable for the performance by the
Fund of ts sights and obligations under tho Programme Documents. No amendment to the
Dexd of Incorporaion of th Fund shall be required wness the opening, of such additional
Issuer Accounts has a negativo effect on the Fund or the rights of he notcholders or the
funders of he Fund. Such additional Issuer Accounts shal be operated in accordance with the
terms of his section 3...

2


In addition, the Management Company, acting in Iho name and on behalf of the Fund, may
effes netting arrangements betwcen the amounts to be credited and debitd in the Issue
Accounts (other than the Hedging Collateral Accounts) or, efect the transfers between the
Issuer Accounts before the dates established on the following sections in oder to facilite the
ú“peraional aspects a the Isucr Accounts and the payments to be made or reccived by the
Fund.

Th common terms applicable 10 sll the Isucr Accounts are described in section 345.10
below.

3452. General Account

(a) As per the instructions of the Management Company, the amounts that are to be
ereditd in the General Account include, but are not limite o, the following:

6 om any relevant date during the Programme Revolving Period, the
Programme Amonisation Period and tbc Programme Acceleated
Amorisaion Period, with any amount of Available Collections standing to
he credit of he Collection Accounts (or directly ransfrred by the Seller, hc
Servicer from its other collection accounts or by the Borrowers or by the
Insurance Companies) in accordance with ho Servicing Agreement and the
Colictions Accounts Security Document;

Gi) om any Issue Date during the Programme Revolving Period, with any
dawdown under the Expenses Subordinated Facility

(Gi) omor priorcach Calculasion Date, with the elle Diltions (Fany) to be paid
y the Seller to the Fund;

(Y) omar prior cach Calculmion Dato, with the Aggregate Repurchass Price upon.
he exercise by the Seller to repurchase certain outstanding Purchased
Rescivables the Aggregate Repurehaso Price upon the exercise by the Seller
o repurehase certain outstanding Purchascd Reccivables

(0) om or prior cach Mombhly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerate
Amorisaion Period, wilh any amounts standing to th credit of tho
Revolving Account, the Principal Accoun, the Interest Account (the General
Reserve Account and the Spread Account (any) before th application of
the applicable Accclerated Priority of Payments;

(vi) omany relevant dat, ithhe Financial Income (¡Fany

(vi) om or prior to the Fund Liquidaion Date, with the Reference Repurchase!
Price ote hn outstanding Purchased Reccivabls, a the case muy be and

mn


(vi wi any other amounts to be reccived from time lo time by the Fund
úpursuant to the Programme Documents and which ac not allocated in any
her Issuer Account

(0) As per the instructions of the Management Company, the amounts that are to be
dcbited in the General Account include, but ac no limited to, hc following:

6) om cach Settlement Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortisation Period by any amount required to be transerred om
such date to the Principal Account or the Interest Account, as applicable

Gi) on cach Momhly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, by any amount payable out of the monies standing to
hc credit of the Gencral Accownt, pursuant to ho Accelerated Priority of
Payments; and

(Gi) om any date during the Programme Revolving Period, by any amount for the
payment oPany Fund Non-Operative Expenses,

For these purposes, Financial Income mcuns th income gencrated (if amy) on Ahe credit

10s af the Issucr Accounts (except the Hedging Collateral Accounts), if any). The
interest accrucd and credited into Hedging Collateal Accoumt(s) (Gf any) will be transfered to
the relevant Hedging Conteparty in accordance vih ho relevant Hodging Agreement

3453. Principal Account

(a) As per the instructions of the Management Company, the amounts that are to be
eredited in the Principal Account includo, but are not limited o, the following:

6) omcach Disbursement Date with the net procceds of he sue by the Fund of
any Note Seres;

(home first Notes Seres Disbusement Date and thereañcr on each Setlement
Date during ihe Programme Revolving Period, with the amount of the
Drmwdowns under he Seller Interest Credit Facility:

(Gi) on cach Settlement Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortisation Period, with the Availble Principal Collections
received (or estimated by the Management Company on th basis of he Last
Momhiy Servicer Report) during the immediately preceding Collection
Period by debitofihe General Accoun

(Y) om cach Settlement Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortiation Period, with al monies standing o the credit the
Revolving Account

mn


ol

(0) om or prior o csch Settlement Date, with the Seller Dilutios by debit of the
General Account:

(v) om any Settlement Dat, the portion of the Aggregate Repurchaso Price
eredited to the General Account coesponding to the Outstanding Principal
Balance of the Repurchased Reccivables with respect to Client Accounts
her than Defwlted Client Accounts in respect of a Repurchase Date
immediately preceding such Monthly Payment Date;

(vi) om or prior cach Monthly Payment Dato during the Programme Revolving.
Period and the Programme Amortistion Period, with the amount credited to
the Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger, the Class E Principal Deficiency
Ledger and the Residual Principal Deficieney Ledger respectively, by debi
Vf he Interest Account in accordance with he Interest Priority of Payments,
as calculated by the Management Company on the Calculaion Date
preceding such Monthly Payment Date;

(vi) on each Setlement Date, with any amount required to be transferred to form
part of the Available Principal Collections from the Commingling Reserve
“Account in hc cvent of abreach by the Servicer of is obligations during the
immediately preceding Collection Period;

(6x) om or prior cach Momhly Payment Dato during the Programme Revolving
Period, with the amountsrefered to in item (20) of he Interest Priority of
Payments; and

6%) om cach Settlement Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortsation Period, with the Spread Amount Ledger from the
Spread Account

As por the instructions of he Management Company, tho amounts that are to be
debited in the Principal Account includs, but ae not limited to hc following:

6) om the Disbursement Date of the first Notes Seris issued añcr the Fund
Incorporation Date, by the Purchase Price due by the Fund t th Seller under
he Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement with respect to the
Rescivables purehascd on the Fund Incorporation Date:

() — oncach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and!
he Programme Amortisation Period, by any amounts payable out of the
monics standing to the credit of the Principal Account, pursuant to the
Principal Priority of Payments; and

Gi) in full, on or prior cach Monihly Payment Date during the Programme.
Acclorated Amortisation Period, by the transfer of al! monies standing to ts

red to the General Account,

mm


3ASA.

0)

ol

Interest Account

As por the instructions of hs Management Company, tho amounts that are to be.
eredited in the Interest Account include, but are not limite o, th following:

o

0)

0)

0)

m

0)

5)

1)

on cach Setlement Date during the Programme Rvolving Period and the
Programme Amortistion Period, with th remaining porion a he Available
Collctions (rccived or estimated by the Management Company on th basis
of the last Monthly Servicer Report) with respect lo the immediately
proceding Collection Period by debit of he General Account after crediting
he amount referrd to in item (ahi) of sub-scction “Principal Account” to
he Principal Account:

on cach Setlement Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortiation Period, h Financial Income;

on cach Setlement Date during the Programme Rvolving Period and the
Programme Amortisation Period, with the remaining par of ho Aggrogate
Repurchase Price (aflr crditing the amount refered to in item (AX) of
sub-section “Principal Account” o he Principal Account);

On cach Setlement Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortisation Period, with the Class C Spread Amount from the
Spread Account;

vn or prior to any relevant Monhly Payment Date, with hc Hodging Not
Amount (f any) reccived by the Fund from any relevant Hedging
Comntempary (or replacement hedging countemary) and the Hodging
Collteral Account Surpls (if ny);

vn or prior cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving
Period nd the Programme Amortiation Period, wi he amount refrred 10
in Iterst Shorfall Priority af Payments;

vn or prior cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving
Period and the Programme Amontiation Period, wi he amount refrrd to
in tm (1) and (9) ofthe Principal Priority of Payments; and;

on cach Setlement Dat, with any amount required to be transfered o form
pan of the Available Interest Collections from the Commingling Reserve
Account in hc event of abreach by the Servicer of is obligatios during the
immediately preceding Collection Period

As por the instructions of he Management Company, tho amounts that are to be.
lcbited in the Interest Account includo, but are not limited to, hc following:

E)


o

0)

on cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and
he Programme Amortisation Period, by any amounts payable out of the
monics standing to he credit of the Interest Account, pursuant to th Interest
Priority of Payments; and

in ful, on or prior cach Monihly Payment Date during the Programme.
Acclerated Amortistion Period, by the transfer of al! monies standing to ts
red to the General Account,

Revolving Account

per the insructions o ho Management Company, the Revolving Account shall be

redited on cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period,
with the Unspplicd Revolving Amount (if any), by debi of the Principal Account in

3455.
ES
ES

ordance with ho Principal Priority of Payments.

per the instructions of the Management Company, the amownis that are to be

debited in the Revolving Account include, but rc not limited 1, the following:

o

0)

in fall, on cach Setlement Date doring the Programme Revolving Period and!
he Programme Amortisation Period, by the transer of all moni (if any)
standing to ts credito the Principal Account; and!

in ful, on cach Setlement Date during the Programme. Accelerated
Amonisaion Period, by the transfer of ll monies (Gf any) standing o lts
red to the General Account,

For hese purposes, Unapplicd Revolving Amount mcans, on any Calculation Date

(2) — during Programme Revolving Period:

o

0)

if the Minimum Portfolio Amount Condition is saisid, an amount cg

zero (0)
úlherwise, an amount equal to the minimum between:
(A) the postie difference between:
(0) he Minimum Portfolio Amount; and
(UD tic ageregate of
1. the Ouistnding Principal Blancos of the Purchased
Reccivables — (exchuding — any — Nom-Compliant
Reccivables) under the Performing Client Accounts as

of the immediately prior CULO" Date to such
Calculation Dat; plus

ys


ol

3454.

0)

ol

si he Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchased
Reccivables — transferred in the context of ita
Transfers on the Purchase Date prior o the Calculstion
Date (included); minus

sil the Outstanding Principal Balances of any outstanding
Parchased Reccivablos other than Non-Complian and
Defaulted Client Accounts) repurhascd by the Seller
on such Calculation Dat;

(E) the positive difference between

(Ale aggregate ofihe Note Series 20xx-yy Available Purchase

Amounts; aná

(1) te maximum between () the Efectivo Purchase Price of the
Recivables sold by the Seller and (i) the Purchase Price of
all Receivables (ín the context of Initial Transfers andíor
Additional Transfers as applicable) sold and transorred by
the Seller on the Purchase Period preccding such Monthly
Payment Date;

during the Programme Amoniation Period and the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, an amount equal to zero (0),

¡General Reserve Account

As por the instructions of he Management Company, tho amounts that are to be.
ereditd in the General Reservo Account include, but arc not limite t, the following:

o

0)

0)

mor prior te first Note Series Disburscment Date añer the Fund
Incorporation Date, with he applicable Gencral Reservo Required Amount
y the General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider

on cach Monthly Payment Date, with the General Reserve Replenishment
Amount (f any) by debiting, as applicable, the Intrest Account or the
¡General Account, subjeet o and in accordance with th applicable Priority of
Payments; and

“on any Issue Date on which a Note Series s issucd by ho Fund, the General
Resorve Increase Amount

As por the instructions of he Management Company, tho amounts that are to be.
ebited in the General Reserve Account include, but are not limite o, th following:

o

vn or prior cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving
Period and the Programme Amortiation Period, by any amount to be

ve


eredited o he Interest Account in accordance with and subject to the Interest
Shorall Priority of Payments

Gi) oncach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and!
he Programme Amorisation Period, with the General Reservo Decrease
Amount which will be directly returmed 19 the General Reserve Subordinated
Facility Provider (without such payments being subject to the Priority of
Payments) and.

(Gi) — in full on or prior to cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme
Accclorted Amortsaton Period, by the transfer of all monics (if any)
standing to its credit to the General Account before application of the
applicable Priority of Payments

3457. Spread Account

(a) As perthe instructions of he Management Company, the Spread Account shall be
eredited on cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and!
he Programme Amoriation Period, with the required amouns by debit of the
Interest Account in accordance with th Interest Priority of Payments in order for the
credit balance oSthe Spread Account to beat least equal o the aggregate of he Class
C20xx-yy Required Spread Amount applicable on such Monthly Payment Date,

(0) As per the instructions of the Management Company, the amounts that are to be
dcbited from hc Spread Account include, ut are not limite o, th following

6) om or prior cach Monthly Payment Dato during the Programme Revolving.
Period and the Programme Amorisation Period, (a) with the Class C Spread
“Amount o be creited in the Interest Account andior (bb) vit th aggregate
fall amount recorded in he Class C20xx-3y Spread Amount Ledger o bo
eredited in the Interest Account in accordance with, and subject , the
Interest Shortall Priority of Payments andíor on the Principal Account in
“accordance with, and subject o, the Principal Priority of Payments; and

Gi) in full, on or prior cach Monihly Payment Date during the Programm
Accclorted Amortsaton Period, by the transfer of all monics (if any)
standing to its credit to the General Account before application of the
applicable Priority of Payments

For bese purposes

Class C Spread Amount mesos, on any Monthly Payment Dato, the ageregato amount of all
Class C20%x-yy Spread Amount as determined by the Management Company

Class C20xx-3y Required Spread Amount means, with respect o the Class Clay
Notes of a Note Series (¡applicable on any Monthly Payment Date, the amount set out in

E]


he coresponding Issuing Document (and, as the caso may be, calculatd by ho Mar
Company). For clrification purposes, the Class C2017-01 Required Spread Amount with
respect to the Class C2017-01 Notes issucd on the Fund Incorporaion Date will be cqual to
zero (0),

Class C20xxyy Spread Amount means, on any Calo
(C20xx-yy Notes, the postie difference between:

jon Date in respect of the Class

(a) the armount recorded in the Class C20xx-yy Spread Amount Ledger on he Monthly
Payment Date immediately preceding such Calculation Dat; and

(0) — the Class C20xx3y Required Spread Amount on ihe Monhly Payment Date

immediately preceding such Calcuation Dat,

Class C20xx-yy Spread Amount Ledger means, with respect to the Class C20x1-yy Notes
of a Note Series (i applicable), h ledger which shall be established for such Class C20xx-yy
Notes by the Management Company, acting for and on behalf of the Fund, in oder o record
on any Calculation Date the amount up to which the Spread Account may be drawn on the
following Monthly Payment Date to make up for any shortíall 10 satisty the payment of
certain items of the Interest Priority of Payments in accordance with the Interest Shorall
Priority of Payments

345%. — Commingling Reserve Account

(a) As per the instructions of the Management Company, the Commingling Reserve
“Account shall be credited om or before the first Notes Issue Disbursement Date
following the Fund Incorporation Date, and then on csch Setlement Date (and as the
case may be, on cach Issue Date when a new Note Serie s issued) with he advances
under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility

(6) As per the instructions of the Management Company, the amounts that are to be
debied in the Commingling Reserve Account include, but are not limited to, the
following:

6) on any Settlement Date, the Sevicer hs filed to transfer the whole or part
af the Available Collections onto the General Account, the Management
Company shall immedistly debi the Commingling Reserve Account and
shall immediately credit the Principal Account and Interes Account up to the
amount of such umpaid Available Collections:

Gi) on cach Monthly Payment Date, with hc Commingling Reserve Decrease
Amount in accordance with and subject to the Commingling Reserve
Subordinated Facility Agreement, such payment not being subject to the
Priority of Payments in accordance wilh section 34:43 of the Additional
Building Block and

E


(Gi) omthe Fund Liquidation Date and subject o th Full redemption o Uh Noto,
and to the satisfaction of all Services obligations under section 3.72 of the
Additional Building Block (including, but no limited to, vit respect to the

ction and administration of the Purchased Reccivables), with any amount
standing to the credit of the Commingling Reserve Account (if any) which
shall be used to repay the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility.

3453. — Hedging Collatral Accounts

A MHedging Colltral Account shall bo opened in th books of the Issucr Accounts Bank in
respect of cach Eligible Hedging Counterpay on (or before, if possible) the entry into the
relevant Hedging Agreement betwcen the Fund and the relevant Eligible Hedging
Counterpaty

Each Hedging Collateal Account will comprise (1) a Hedging Collatral Cash Account when
Fallteral s posted in the form of cash by any of the Hedging Contepartics to the Fund
pursuant to the terms of the relevant Hedging Agreement and (i) a Hedging Collatral
Securities Account when coleral is posted in the form of cliible securitis by any of the
Hedging Counterpartcsto the Fund pursuant to th temas o relevant Hedging Agreement

Th cash standing from time to time to the credit of cach Hedging Collteral Cash Account
vil accrue interest ata rate cqual to that applied to tho rest of ssuer Accounts (as described
in section 3.4.5.10 below) and the Financial Income (if any) will be paid directly to cach
relevant Hedging Cosnterpay (withost such payment being subject to the Priority of
Payments),

As per the instructions of the Management Company, cuch Hodging Collteral Accosnt will
e credited from time 1 timo with colateral transfered by tho relevant Hedging Counterparty
in accordance with the terms of the relevant Hedging Agreement and shall be debited with
such amounts as are due to bo paid in sccordance with the Hedging Col

Priority of Payments The funds or securitic credited to cach Hedging Collateral Account and
any interest ar distributionsthercon or liquidotion proccedsthereo! are held separate from and
o mot form part of Available Distribution Amount (other than in he ircumstances st out in
he Hedging Collateal Account Priority of Payments below) and accordingly, are not
available to fund gencral distribuions of the Fund. The funds contained in cach Hedging
Collateral Account shall not be commingled with any other funds from any party oter than
tc relevant Hedging Costera.

oral Account

In the event that a Hedging Counteparty is replaced by a replacement hedging counterpaty
any Replacement Hodging Premium reccived by the Fund from the replacement hedging
csunterparty shall bo paid into the relevant Hodging Collteal Account and shall be used to
pay any Hedging Senior Termination Payment or Hedging Subordinated Termination
Payment (as the case may be) due to the relevant original Hodging Counerparty in
“ccondance with the Hedging Collateral Account Priority of Payments.



In the cvent that any Hedging Agreement is caly terminated and the relevant Hodging.
Counterpary owes a Hedging Counterpaty Termination Amount to the Fund, such Hedging
Counterparyy Termintion Amount shall be creditod to the relevant Hedging Collatral
“Account and such Hedging Counterparty Termination Amount together with tbc finds or
securitis standing to the credit of he relevant Hedging Collaeral Account shall be liquidated
lo fund the payment of the Replacement Hdging Premium to the replacement hodging
csunterpaty in accordance vih the Hedging Collateral Account Priority of Payments st out
in section 347.2 of he Adéitional Building Block.

For bese purposes

Hcdging Collateral Account Surplus means the surplas remaining (any) in any Hodging
Collteral Account, following satisfaction in full of all amounis owing to the relevant
utgoing Hedging Countempaty, in accordance with the Hodging Colleral Account Priority
of Payments.

Hedging Counterparty Termination Amount mcans, wih respect to a Hedging Agreement,
on any date, ho aggregate of hc cary termination amount duc and payable by the relevant
Hodging Counterpary to the Fund as a result of an Event of Default or a Termination Event
(ún cach cas as define in th relevant Hedging Agreement).

Hedging Senior Termination Payment mcans in relation to any Hedging Agreement, the
sum of any termination payments due and payable by the Fund to the relevant Eligiblo
Hodging Counterparty under such Hedging Agreoment other han asa result of the occurrence
df (a) an Event of Default or (5) a Termination Exent (in cach caso (a) and () as defined in
he relevant Hedging Agreement), where the Eligible Hedging Counterpany ís not the
Defaiting Party or the Alfected Pany, as applicable (in cah case as define in he relevant
Hedging Agreement).

Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment incans in relation to any Hedeing
Agreement, hc sum of any termination payments duc and payable by the Fund to th relevant
Eliible Medging Countemparty under such Hedging Agreement as resul of the occurtence
df (a) an Event of Default or (5) a Termination Event (other than a Tax Even, Megalty or
Force Majcure) (in cach case (a) and (b) as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement)
where the Eligible Hedging Counterpanty is the Defauling Pany or the Alfectod Pany, as
applicable (in cach case as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement)

Replacement Hedging Premium mens, in relation to any Hodging Agreement, the amount
at he Fund ora replacement hedging coumterpary would be fable to pay to the other party
o such Hedging Agreement the Fund and such replacement hedging counterpay entered
into a replacement hedging agreement fuer to an carly termination of such Hodging.
Agreement

3445.10... Common Terms applicable to the Isuer Accounts

(a) Servicesprovidod


The Isuer Accounts Bank will provide 10 the Fund all of the customary services
elating to the muintenance and administration of the ssuer Accounts in accordance
vvith common banking practices.

(0) Wiretranster

The Issuer Accounts shall be exclusively operatod by way of wire transfer. No
hequebook mor debi ar credit card hall be issued

() OnLine Access

The Issuer Accounts Bank undertakes to grant o the Management Company () am
úreline access allowing them to consult, on a daily basis hc balance of cach Issuer
Account and the details of al transactions made on cach lssucr Account and (3) a
mailing ofth printost monthly account statements.

(Aloe

jons and distibutions in the Issuer Accounts. Negative Balance

The Issuer Accounts vil not be allowed to have a negative balance to hc detriment
af be Fund. The balances in the Issucr Accounts will remain s available cash,

The allcations and distribution shall be exclusively carried out by the Management
Company and the Paying Agent, respectively, o the extent of the monies standing.
from timo o time to Ah credit balance of th Issucr Accounts in such manner that no
Issuer Account sball have a debit balance añr applying Abe relevant Priority of
Payments set out in section 3-472 0 he Additional Building Block.

(9 Interests

The Fund Available Cash standing from timo to timo to the credit of cach of ssuer
Accounts (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Hedging Collatral Account in
relation to any Hedging Counterarty) sul not be subject 10 cash management
services orinvested in investment suppor.

The Fund Available Cash standing from time to time to the credit of cach Lsuer
Accounts shall acrue interest a rate equal to zero per cent (0%),

(0 Nosetolr

The lssuer Accounts Bank shall not be emsllod to sctofI the resulting positive
balances due to the Fund out of the Issuer Accounts with any other claims that the
Issuer Accounts Bank could have against he Fund and/or any ohrthird parts

(E). Eliible Accounts Bank. Account Bank Requirod Ratings

The Issucr Accounts Bank will be required at all times to be an Eligible Institution
Should the Accounts Bank ceasc to bo an Eligble Institution an Issucr Accounts

En


Bank Termination Event shall occur with the efes set out in paragraph 3:45.106)
below.

For bese purposes

Eligible Institution means a depositoy institution organiscd under the laws of any
state wbich isa member of the European Union which complics with (1) the Account
Bank Required Ratings with respect to the Issucr Accounts Bank and (i) with the
Colisction Account Bank Required Ratings with respeto the Collections Accounts
Banks, and is auhorised to ake deposit in Sp

Account Bank Required Ratings means in respect of any entity ho ratings at least
equalto:

6 assuming he Relevant Rating Agency with respect to any Rated Notes of any
Note Series is DBRS, a public rating af at cast A (scior long term) or A.
(high) (critical obligations rating) by DBRS or, in the absence of a public
rating, at last two of th following ratings from two of th following rating
agencies:

(A) a shortcm rating of at least F-2 and a lote rating of at least A
boy ich

(8) a shorttermrating of at least A-2 and lomg-trm rating of at least A
by Standard e Poor's;

(C) a shortcrm rating of at least P-2 and a long-term rating of at least
AZ by Moody's: and

Gi) assuming hc Relevant Rating Agency with respecto any Rated Nokos of any
Noe Series is Fith: F-I by Fitch wilh respect to the shorterm Issuer
Default Rating (IDR) of such entity or A- by Fitch with respeto the lomg-
term Isucr Default Rating (IDR) of such entity; and!

(Gi) assuming hc Relevant Rating Agency with respecto any Rated Notos of any
Note Serios is Moody's: P-2 by Moody's with respect o the shortaerm
vunsccured, unsubordinated and unguarantecd debt obligations of such ei
and

(Y) assuming he Relevant Rating Agency with respect to any Rated Notes of any
Noe Series is SGP: any applicable ratings specified in the lat Prospectus
Supplement,

dr such other debt rating as determined to be applicable or agrecd by cach Relevant
Rating Agency from time to time and specifid in he last Prospectus Supplement

2


The Issuer Accounts Bank shall promply notify the Management Company, acting in
he name and on bohalf of the Fund (and the Management Company shall prompúly
give notice thereof o the Seller), f' he Accounts Bank ceases o be an Eligible
Fosttaio.

(6) Resignation by the Issue Accounts Bank

The Issucr Accounts Bank may, al any timo upon not less than nincty (90) calendar
days" written notice (or such shoner time as muy be agrecd between the Issuer
“Accounts Bank and the Management Company), notify he Management Company in

writing that lt wises to case to bo he Isucr Accounts Bank.

Upon recciptoPan carlytermination notice, the Management Company will appoint a
env Funds account bank (a New Issuer Accounts Bank; provided that hc following.
conditions are met (th Issuer Accounts Bank: Substitution Requirements)

6) The New Issuer Accounts Bank

(A) — is a credit institution ly authorised to provide banking services in

Spas

(8) — is an Elgible Institution having at least ho Account Bank Required
Ratings;

(C) has, in the Management Company's opinion, extensivo experience

and a proven operational track record in functions similar to those
described in in section 34.5 of hc Adáitional Building Block;

(D) in the Management Company's opinion can assume in substance the
rights and obligaions of he Issucr Accounts Bank and!

(E) — shall have agrecd with the Management Company to perform the
duties and obligations of th Issuer Accounts Bank;

Gi) the Relevant Rating Agencies shall have been given prior notice of such
substitution and such substitution shall mot entul the downgrade or
withdrawal of any of the ratings then assigned by the Relevant Rating
Agencies to the Notes; and

(Gi) such substítuion is made in compliance with he then applicable laws and
regulations

The costs and taxes that may be incured in asa conscquence ofthe resignation of the
Issuer Accounts Bank and is substituion will be on account of the Esucr Accounts
Bank. Notwithstanding this in order to avoid any dlays, the Management Company,
at the expense of ile Fund, may advance any such cosis and expenses and request
subscquently thcirpcimbursement by the Issucr Accounts Bank.

2


o

0

The resigntion by the Issucr Accounts Bank shall not take any effect until the
appointment of the New Issuer Accounts Bank is efectivo. The termination by the
Issuer Accounts Bank of the performance of its funcions, as well s the appointment
af ho New lssuer Accounts Bank will be notified by the Management Company to
the Relevant Rating Agencies and, if applicable, ho CNMV.

Upon termination of ts appointmen, th ssuer Accounts Bank shall deliver to the
Management Company all documents, monics and securitic belonging 10 the Fund
and within ts power as a result of the dutics entrused in accordance with the
provision in this section 34.

Voluntary Substtution

The Management Company is entiled to substitute the Issucr Accounts Bank,
provided that it motifcs the Issuer Accounts Bank in writing a least thity (30)
calendar days in advance of the envisaged termination date and provided that the
Issuer Accounts Bank Substitution Requirements a met

Al costs incurred in hc voluntary substituion of when necessary as Issuer Accounts
Bank by decision ofthe Management Company will be for he account of hc Fund.

The substiution of the Issucr Accounts Bank shall take any efect until the
appointment of the New Issuer Accounts Bank is efectivo. Thc termination by the
Issuer Accounts Bank of the performance oPits functions in his in his scction 3.4.5,
as well as ho appointment of he New Issuer Accounts Bank will be notfid by the
Management Company to the Relevant Rating Agencies and, if applicable, the
CNMV,

Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Events

Upon ihe occurrence of an Issucr Accounis Bank Termintion Event, tbc
Management Company shall appoin a New Isuer Accounts Bank within hiny (30)
calendar days aer the occurrence oP such Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Event
and provided that the New Issucr Accounts Bank mects the Issucr Accounts Bank:
Substiution Requirements

The Issuer Accounts Bank shall promply notify the Management Company, acting in
he name and on bohalf of the Fund (and the Management Company shall prompúly
give notice thercof to the Seller), if he Issucr Accounts Bank casos to be an ligible
Tosttutio.

Al the costs incurred in the transfer of the Issucr Accounts to another Eligible
Institution will be puid by the replaced Accounts Bank or the Fund if such replaced
Issuer Accounts Bank is unable to bear such costs


Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Event means any ofth following events:

6) any material representaion or warranty made by the Issucr Accounis Bank
under any Programme Document to which its a party is or proves to have
een incorrect or misicading in any material respect when mado, and 1ho
same is not remedicd (if capable of remedy) wihin five (5) Business Days
after the Management Company has given notice thercof to the Issuer
“Accounts Bank or (i'sooner) th Issuer Accounts Bank has knowledge of hc
same, provided that the Management Company, at ts dicretion,centiis that
itismateral and prejudicial to hs interests of th Noteholders

Gi) the Isuer Accounts Bank has failed to comply with any of its material
abligations under any Programme Document to which it is a pany unless
such breach ds capable of remedy and is remediod within five (5) Business
Days añcr the Management Company has given notics thrcof to the Issuer
“Accounts Bank or i sooner) th Issuer Accounts Bank has knowledge of hc
same, provided that the Management Company, at ts dicretion,cetiis that
itismateral and prejudicial to hs interests of th Noteholders

(Gi) am Insolveney Event occur in respec of he ssuer Accounts Bank

(Y) at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer Accounts Bank to
perform or comply with any or all of ts matril obligations under any
Programme Document to which it is party or any or all of ts material
bligations under any Programme Document to which its a party arenal, or
ecaseto be, legal, valid and binding:

(0) any frlure by the Issucr Accounts Bank to make any payment under any
Programme Documents to which itis a pary, when due, except such falare
is due 10 technical or administative reasons and s remedicd within ive ($)
Business Days añr such failure; or

(ri) Ae lsuer Accounts Bank cesos to be an EliibleInstuton
346. How payments ae collected in respect of he ase

3461. Frequency of payments

ln accordance with th provisons of section 3,72 of the Additional Building Block, the
Service (or ¡applicable the Replacement Service) vil, wihoutprjudice to the provisions

hercin, take all necessary actions to manage the collection of ll amounts payable by the
Borrowers aising fom the Purchased Roecivables.

The Servicor vil diligenty ensure that the payments which must be mado by the Borrowers
“re collected in accordance with the contractual tcrms and conditions oh respective Credit
Card Agreements.

ass


3447. Order of priority of payments made by the issue.

347.1. Sources and application of funds on the
Series issued on the Fund Incorporation Date

isbursement Date of the first Notes

The sources and application of the amounts available 10 the Fund on the Disbursement Date
af be fest Notes Series jsucd on the Fund Incorporaion Date will be as follows:

(a) Sources: The Fund will have funds available from th following soures:

6) proceeds from the subscription ol the Notes of the first Note Series by the
Noteholders;

Gi) initial awdown under he Expenses Subordinated Facility

(Gi) initial rawdown under th General Reserve Subordinated Credit Facility

(Y) initial drandown under the Commingling Reservo Subordinated. Credit
Faciliy; and

(6) initial dawdown under the Seller Interes Credit Facility.

(6) — Application: The Fund, in turn, will apply the abovementioned funds for the
following items:

6) payment of he Purchase Price of any Reccivabls transfrred to th Fund in
he context of Initial Transfers;
Gi) payment of the Initial Expenses and the Note Seris Isue Expenses in

connection with he first Note Seres;

(Gi) credit the General Reserve Account up to the Initial General Reserve
Resuired Amount; and

(iv) credit the Commingling Reservo Account up to the Commingling Reserve.
Resuired Amount

3472. Source and application of funds be;
the last Payment Date or the lg

ing on the Mirst Payment Date and
tion of the Fund, exclusive

From th Fund Incorporaion Date until th total repayment of the Notes, the souree and!
“application of payments ofth Fund will be as described below

Available Distribution Amount: Source

The Available Distribution Amount that th Fund has on cach Monthly Payment Date, for
the distribusion of he pertinent amounts to the Noteholders and to the rest of the Fund's
ereditors for the payment of th relevant amownts, will e equal to:

26


(a) — on cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and tho
Programme Amortisation Period: the aggrogate of thc Available Principal Amount
and the Available Interest Amount; and

(6) om cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerted Amortisation
Period: the balance standing to the credit of the General Account (aÑce th transfer of
any amounts standing to the credit of the Revolving Account he Principal Account,
he Interest Account, the General Reserve Account and the Spread Account but
before the application ofthe Accclerated Priority of Payments)

For bese purposes

Available Interest Amount means, on cach Monthly Payment Date and without double
counting, the amount standing at the credit o he Interest Account prior lo giving efect to the
relevant Priority o Payments and cqual to the aggregate ol

(a) — amy amount recorded on the Inrest Distribution Ledger in accordance with section
4: ofhe Securities Note to be paid by the Fund on such Monthly Payment Date
(excluding any amount recorded on such Interest Distribution Ledger for the purpo
payment on any subsequent Monthly Payment Dates)

(6) the remaining portion of the Available Collections (air transfer of the Available
Principal Colistions on the Principal Account) credited to th Interest Account with
respecto hc Collection Period immediately preceding such Monthly Payment Date;

(c) — the Hedging Net Amount and the Hodging Collaeral Account Surplus (if any)
received by the Fund pusuant to the Hodging Agreement)

(d) the Financial Income credited to the Issucr Accounts (excluding those from the
Hedging Collteal Accounts), fan):

(e) (5 the remaining portion of the Aggregate Repurchase Price with respect to any
Performing Client Account and () he Aguregate Repurchase Price with respect to
any Defiulted Client Account in respect of a Repurchase Date immediately preceding
such Monthly Payment Date;

(0 the Class C Spread Amount determined by the Management Company on the
Calculaion Date immediately preceding such Monthly Payment Date; and!

(E) subjectto paragraph (a) above, any other amounts standing to the credit of the Interest
Account as of the close of the immediately preceding Monthly Payment Date (aer
the application the relevant Priority of Payments),

provided that the Servicer has filed to provide the Management Company with the
Momhly Sorvicer Report within ¡wo (2) Business Days aer the relevant Monthly Reporting

a


Date the Management Company shall adjust he Available Interst Amount upon rescipt of
he relevant Monhly Servicer Report on or prior 1 the relevant Calculation Date

Available Principal Amount means, on any Monthly Payment Date and without double
counting the amount standing at the credit of the Principal Account prior to giving fet o
Abe relevant Priority of Payments and equal to th aggregate of

(a) — amy amount recordad on the Principal Distribution Ledger in accordance with section
4:83 ofhe Securities Note to be paid by the Fund on such Monthly Payment Date
(excluding any amownts recorded on such Principal Distribution Ledger for the
purpose of payment on any subsequent Monthly Payment Dates);

(6) — the Available Principal Collections with respect to the Collection Period immediately
preceding such Monthly Payment Dat;

(e) the PDL Cure Amounts credted to the Principal Account by debit of the Interest
“Account in accordance with the Interest Priority of Payment:

(4) the aggregato oPthc Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounis (if any) of ll
Note Serios issued on the Isue Date immediately preceding such Monthly Payment
Date añcrtho Fund Incorporation Date;

(e) — amy SICF Drawing Amount drawn under th Seller Credit Interest Facility on the
Setlement Date proceding such Monthly Payment Dat;

(0 the Unapplicd Revolving Amount standing at he credit of the Revolving Account on
he preceding Monthly Payment Date (añ he application of the relevant Priority of
Payments)

(2) the Seller Diluions (ifany) paid on or prior to the Calcuation Date by the Seller to
the Fund in accordance with section 3.3.1.10 0 the Additional Building Block:

(6) the portion of the Aggregate Repurehaso Price which cortesponds to the Outstanding
Principal Balances of the Repurehased Reccivables with respect to Client Accounts
«her than Defuuiled Client Accounts in respcet of a Repurchase Date immediately
preceding such MomhIy Payment Date

6) subject to paragraph (a) above, any olher amounis standing to the credit of tbc
Principal Account as of the close of th immedistely preceding Monthly Payment
Date (añr the application of the relevant Priority of Payments),

provided that the Servicer has foled to provide the Management Company with the
Monthly Servicer Report within two (2) Business Days añer the relevant Monthly Reporting
Date the Management Company shall adjust the Available Principal Amosnt upon recipt of
the relevant Monthly Servicer Report on or prior to he relevant Calculation Date,

2


Available Collections mcans, on cach Calculation Date, in respect of any Collection Period
immediately preceding such Calculation Date an amount equal to the aggregate of:

(2) the total aggregate amownts collected by the Servicer from the Borrowers (including
scheduled and unscheduled payments of principal, interest, area, late payments
Recoveries, and penaltis) with respect to the Purchased Reccivables during the
Coliction Period but excluding for the avoidance of doubt any insurance premia;

(6) any Insurance Indemmnifi

ions paid to the Seller under the Insurance Policies;

(<) — any Nor-Compliant Repurchase Amount (or, as the case may be,
indermity paid by the Seller to the Fund);

.y equivalent

(4) amy amount o be debited by the Management Company from the Commingling
Reserve Amount on that Setlement Date;

plus or minus, s the case may be, the Corrected Available Collection, provided that the
red balance ofthe General Account is suffcient to enable such adjustments

Available Principal Collections means, on any Calculaion Date, in respect of he Col
Period immediately preceding such Calculation Dat, the part of the Av
corresponding to:

le Collections

(a) — the aggregate oftho principal payments (including any prepayments) efectively paid
vvith respect oS the Performing Client Accounts in relation to the relevant Collection.
Period;

(6) amy amount which is coresponding to a principal component due to the Fund and to
e debited by the Management Company from the Commingling Reserve Amount om
the Setlement Dato following such Calculation Date;

(6) — the aggregate of ts principal component to be reccived on the Calculation Date in
connection wilh any Non-Compliant Repurchase Amount (or any part of the
equivalent indemnity paid by the Seller o the Fund) with respect to any Performing.
Client Account

(é) the portion of the Insurance Indemnifications pd by any insurance company to the
Seller in respect of Performing Client Accounts only and which corresponds to
principal (olher than any amounts referred to in (a) above) during the relevant
Collection Period:

plus or minus, s the caso maybe, any Corrected Available Principal Collections provided that
the credit balance o he Principal Account is sufficiot to enable such adjustments


Available Distribution Amount: Application

The Management Company shall give instructions to the Issucr Accounts Bank to ensure that
during the Programme Revolving Period, tho Programme Amortisaion Period or the
Programme Ascelerted Amontistion Period hc relevant ade of priority (he Priority of
Payments) shall carried out on a timely basis in relation to payments of expenses,
principal, interest and any other amounts then dus, to the extent o th available funds al tbc
relevant date of payment,

During the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisstion Period the
riores of payments are (1) the Interest Priority of Payments, (li) the Interest Shorall
Priority of Payments and (ii) the Principal Priority of Payments.

Daring the Programme Accclerated Amortisation Period, the priority of payments is the
Accclorated Priority o Payments

Priorsy of Payments during the Programme Revolving Period and 1he Programme
Amoriarion Period

During the Programme Revolving Period and the Programm Amortisstion Period the
Management Company vil, on cach Mombly Payment Date (such Monthly Payment Date
may also be a Quarterly Payment Date, a Semi-Anmual Payment Date or an Annual Payment
Date) apply the Available Distribution Amount in accordance with hc folowing Priority of
Payments, as determined by the Management Company pursuant to th provisions of sub-
paragraph (a) and (b) debajo de:

(2) Interest Priority of Payments

On cach Monthly Payment Date during thc Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortiation Period, the Management Company will apply the Available
Interest Amount towards the following () payments from the Interest Account and
() retetions on the Interst Distribution Ledger associated with the Interest
Account, as th case may be, in the following order of priority (he Interest Priority
of Payments) but, in cach ase, only to the extent that all payments and retentions of
sum of a higher priority due to be paid or provided for on such Monthly Payment
Date have been made in fal.

(1) o he payment on a paró passu and pro rata sis of he Issucr Operating
Expenses (other than hose payablo under item (13) below)

(2) to he payment (or retention, as the case may be) on a par passu and pr rata
basis of the relevant amounts referred to in items (3), () ori) below, as

applicabo, in he following order of priority:

(0 aslongas any Class A Note of any Note Series reas outstanding:



0)

5)

69 any Class A Monthly Hedging Net Amount iPany) and

0) any Class A Hedging Senior Termination Payments (0 the
extent that such Hedging Senior Termination Payments have.
ot been paid in accordance with the Hedging Collatral
Account Priority of Payments)

once the Class A Notes of all Note Series have been redecmod in full
and as long as any Class Bi Note of any Note Serics remains
outstanding:

6% any Class B Monthly Hedging Net Amounts; and

0) any Class B Hodging Senior Termination Payments (0 the
extent that such Hedging Senior Termination Payment have.
ot been paid in accordance with the Hedging Collatral
Account Priority of Payments) or

once the Class A Notes and the Class 3 Notes of all Note Serios have
boen redecmed in fall and as long as any Class C Note of any Note
Series remains outstanding:

6 any Class C Monthly Hedging Net Amounts; and

0) any Class C Hodging Senior Termination Payments (0 the
extent that such Hedging Senior Termination Payment have.
ot been paid in accordance with the Hedging Collatral
Account Priority of Payments)

(8) 10 the payment or reentin, as the case may be, on the same rank of any
“amount referred to in em (1) and (Gi) below

o

he relevant Monthly Interest Amount due and payable by th Fund
as applicable

(A) as long as any Class A Note of any Note Series remains
outstanding, to pay or retan, as the case may be, on a pari
passu and pro rata basis the Class A Notes Monthly Interest
Amount

(8) — once all Class A Notes of all Note Series have been
redecmed in ful and as long as any Class B Note (Fany) of
any Note Series remains outstanding, to pay or rain, as the
case may be, on a pari passu and pro rata bass, the Class E
Notes Monthly Interest Amounis and

EN


“

0)

0

0)

0)

o

0)

(C) once al Class A Notes and Class Notes of all Note Series
have been redecmed in full and as long as any Class C Note
(úf any) of any Note Seris remains outstanding to pay or
retain, s the case may be, on a parí passu and pro rata basis,
the Class C Notes Monthly Interest Amounts;

Gi) during the Programme Revolving Period (only), to the payment ona
pari passu and pro rata bass of any Seller Share Interest Payable
Amount

to credit the General Reserve Account in an amount equal to the Class A
General Reserve Replenishmen Amount;

as long as any Class A Note of any Note Serics remains outstanding, to the
transfer ofall amounts of the Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger by debit of
he Interest Account and credit of the Principal Account until ho debit
balance afthe Class A Principal Defiiency Ledger is reduced 10 zero (0);

to the extent not already paid or retained in accordance with item (2)
above, 1 the payment (or rtentio, as the case may be) on a pari passu and
pro rata basis:

6) any Class B Moral Hodging Net Amount; and

Gi) any Class B Hodging Senior Termination Payments (1 hc extent that
such Hodging Senior Termination Payments have not cen paid in
accordance with the Hedging Collaeral Account Priority of.
Payments)

to the extent not already puid or retaind in accordance with item 3ÚXB). to
th payment (or retetin, she case may be) on  parí passu and pro ata of
“any Class 3 Notes Monthly Interest Amounis;

to credit he General Reserve Account with an amownt equal to the Class E.
General Reserve Replenishment Amount;

as long as any Class B Note of any Note Series remuins outstanding, to the
transfer ofall amount of the Class E Principal Deficiency Ledger by debit of
the Interest Account and credit of the Principal Account until the debi
Balance ofthe Class Principal Deficieney Ledger ls reduced to zero (0);

10 the extent not already paid or reuined in accordance with tem (2)6i)
above, o the payment (or rtentio, s ho case may be) on 4 paripassu and

pro rata basis o

(0 any Class C Monthly Hodging Net Amounts; and

ES


mí)

5)

15)

5)

us

10)

1)

5)

di) any Class C Hedging Senior Termination Payments (to the extent that
such Hodging Senior Termination Payments have not beon paid in
sccordance with the Hedging Collatral Account Priority of
Payments:

to the extent not already puid or retaind in accordance with item 3ÚXC). to
the payment or retetion, a the case may be, on a parí passu and pro rara
basis ofany Class C Notes Monthly Interest Amount

to the transfer of all amount of the Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger by
diebit af Abe Interest Account and credit of tho Principal Account until the
debi balance of he Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is reduced to zero
Us

10 th payment of ho Server Fes to the extent the Sevicer and the Seller are
the same entity or belong o the same group;

as long as any Class C Notes of any Note Seris remains ulstanding, to the
dipoit nto 1h Spread Account for th relevant Class C20xc3y Notes (4£
applicable) up to th aggregate Class C20xx-yy Required Spreud Amounis;

during the Programme Amorisation Period (only), to the payment on a parí
asu and pro sata basis of any Seller Share Interes Payable Amoun

to the payment on a par passu and pro rata basis of any Hodging
Subordinated Termination Payments (áf any) under the relevant Hedging,
Agreement in following order of priority:

6) fist, the Class A Hedging Subordinated Termination Amount if
any

di) secondly, he Class B Hedging Subordinated Termination Amount (1
any); aná

(ii) titi, the Class C Hodging Subordinated Termination Amount (1
any),

in cach case, to ihe extent that such Hodging Subordinated Termination
Payments have mot been paid in nccordance wilh the Hedging Collatral
Account Priority of Payments;

19 the payment on a pari passu and pro rata basis € () the General Resorve.
Interest Amount and (ió) Commingling Reserve Interest Amount;

19 he payment of any Expensos Facility Interest Amount

ES


(19) _ to he repayment on a parí passu and pro rata basis of: (6) Expenses Facility
Principal Amount under the Expenses Subordinated Facility Agreement; (1)
he General Reserve Shonfall Amount under the General Reserve
Subordinated Facility Agreement; and (ii) Commingling Reserve Shortal!
Amount under the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement;

(20) _ to the payment of the Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price remaining unpaid
om th preceding Monthly Payment Date:

(21) to the payment of he remaining credit balance on ho Interest Account (but
excluding hc amount retained above) to th Selleras Variable Fes.

ln case the An

ble Interest Amount is not suficint o Sully fand the amounts
refered o in paragraph (a) to (c) below, the Management Company will give the
following instructions to the Issuer Accounis Bank, in he fllowing order of priority
(tc Interest Shortfall Priority of Payments):

(a) — firsly, in relation to the Relevant Class Of Notes, to debit the relevant
Hedging Collateal Account subject to, nd in accordance with, the Hodging.
Collateral Account Priority of Payments, to pay or retain (as the case may be)
“any Monthly Interest Amount due in respect of such Relevant
“and rferred to in he Interest Priority of Payments:

lss of Notes

(6) secondly, by debiting the General Reserve Account up to the credit balance of
the Class A General Reserve Ledger to pay om a sequential basis any amounts
roferred to in items (1), (2KG) and (S)NA) above, as long as any Class A.
Note o any Noto Seris remains outstanding;

(c) — thirdly, by debiing the General Reservo Account up o the credit balance of
the Class E General Reserve Ledger to pay ona soquential basis any amounts
referred to in items (1), Xi, (SAG), (6) and (7) above, as long as any
Class B Note of any Note Seres remains oustanding

(4) four, to debi the Spread Account up to the credit balance of the Class
C20xx-3y Spread Amount Ledger to pay on a sequential basis any amounts
roforred to in items (3KGNC), (10) and (11) of the Interest Priority of
Payments; and!

(e) — ff, by debitng the Principal Account in accordance with item (1) of the
Principal Priority of Payments to pay on a sequental basis any amounts
roftrmed to in items (1) to (SXIXA), (KIM), and (SXINC) of he Interes
Priority o Payments



ol

Principal Priority of Payments

On cach Monthly Payment Date during thc Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortiation Period, the Management Company will apply the Available
Principal Amount towards the following (1) payments rom the Principal Account and
(i) retentions on the Principal Distribution Ledger associated with hc Principal
Account, as the case my be, in the following order of priority (the Principal
Priority of Payments but, in cach case, only to the xient that all payments, debi
and retentions ofsums ola highr priority due to be pai, debied or reained on such
Monthly Payment Date have ben made in ul!

0)

0)

0)

19 he payment (or rtentin, as the case may be), of the amountsrefrred to in
tem (e) of Interes Shortfal Priority af Payments;

to he payment (or retetion, s the caso may be) on a pari passu and pro rata
basis of amounisrefered o in items (a) and (5) below and, with respect to
“amount rferrd t in tm (8) subject o subir (1), o ii

(a) — therelovant Monthly Amortisaion Amount

6) aslomgas any Class A Note of any Noto Seris in tir Note
Series Amorsation Period remains outstanding, hc Class A.
Notes Monthly Amortisaton Amount (Fany); or

()— omcethe Class A Notes oPall Note Serios in thcir Note Serios
Amorisaion Period have been redecmed in full and as long
as any Class B Note of the same Noto Series remains
outstanding, the Class E Notes Monthly Amorisation
Amount any) or

(Gi) once the Class A Notes and the Class B Note of all Note
Serie in thcir Note Series Amortisation Period have been
redecmed in full and as long as any Class C Note oh same
Note Series remains outstanding, the Class C Notes Mombly
Amorisaion Amount (any).

(0) during the Programme Revolving Period (only), ihe ICF
Amortsation Amount less any Seller Dilution due by the Seller to
the Fund not already reccived by the Fund on or prior the relevant
Calculation Date and not deducted from the Seller Share Interes
Payable Amount on such Monthly Payment Dat;

19 he extent not already paid or retained in accordance with item (9)
once the Class A Notes of given Note Series in ts Note Series Amontistin.
Period have been redcemed in ful, payment (or etention, as the ase may be)


0)

0)

0)

0)

0)

o

ma pari passu and pro rata basis ofhe Class B Notes Monthly Amortiston.
Amountto the Class Notes of the same Nate Serios (Fany):

10 he extent not already paid or rtaind in accordance with item (816) and!
once the Class A Notes and the Class E Note of a given Note Series in its
Note Series Amorisation Periad have ben redcemed in ful, payment (or
retention as the case may be) on a pari passu and pro rata bass of he Class C
Notes Monthly Amortisaion Amount to the Class C Notes of he sumo Note
Series Pan

¿iuing the Programme Revolving Period (only), payment in the following.
onder of pririy of

(A) — the Efectivo Purchase Price of the Fligble Reccivables (in the
context of the Initial Transfers andíor Adáitiomal Transfers)
purchased by the Fund on such date; and

(E) the Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price (to the extent not already paid
in full in accordance wilh tem (20) of the Interest Priority ol
Payment

during the Programme Revolving Period (only), transfer of the Unapplicd
Revolving Amount to the Revolving Account

during the Programme Amortisation Period (only) payment in the following.
onderof priori of

(A) — the Efectivo Purchase Price of the Fligble Reccivables (in the
context of the Initial Transfers andíor Adáitional Transfers)
purchased by the Fund on such date; and

(E) the Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price (to the extent not already paid
in full in accordance wilh tem (20) of the Interest Priority ol
Payment

¿iuring the Programme Amortisaion Period (only) and once all Notes of sl!
Notes Sercs have been redecmed in all, payment of the SICF Amortiation
Amount, less any Seller Dálution due by the Seller 10 the Fund not already
reccived by the Fund on or prior the relevant Calculaton such Determination
Date and not deductod rom the Seller Share ntrest Payablo Amount on such
Monthly Payment Date and

until the redemption in full o al Notes of al Note Series and th repayment
in full ofth Seller Interest Crit Facility, retentio on the Principal Account
of any remaining amount o be applicd as Available Principal Amount os the
following Monthly Payment Date and once al Notes of all Note Seres and sl!

2%


Seller Intrest Credit Facility have been redecmed in ful, transfr of any
semaining amownts to th Interest Account to be applicd as Available Interes
Amount on the following Monthly Payment Dat,

By way of exception to the Principal Priority of Payment, ín case that on any
Monthly Payment Date and in relation to the Class C Notes of any Note Serios

6 the sum of (a) 1h Class C Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount of he Class
C20xx-yy Notes of such Note Serios and (b) the Class C20x<yy Spread
Amount, is cqual or greater to the Class C20xxyy Principal Amount
Outstanding; and

(the Class AZOxxyy Notes and the Class B20xx-yy Notes of the same Note
Series have ben redcmed in

he payment of the Class C Notes Momhly Amortisation Amount of the Class
C20xxeyy Notes of such Not Series refrred to in tem (4) of the Principal Priority
of Payments shll be made by debiting the Spread Account up to ts credit balance
nd in an amount equal to the Class C20xx-yy Spread Amount Ledger.

Priority of Payments during the Programme Acceterated Amorisarion Period.

Daing the Programme Acclerated Amortisation Period, the Management Company
will apply, on cach Monthly Payment Dato, the Available Distribution Amount
towards the following payments or debis in the following order of priority (the
Accelerated Priority of Payments) but in cach case only to the extent hat all
payments or debis fa higher priority have bon made in full:

(1) to he payment on a paró passu and pro rata sis of he Issucr Operating
Espenses:
(2) toto payment ona paripassu and pro rata basis of:

(0 any Class A Monthly Hedging Net Amount (¡fany) and

(i) any Class A Hedging Senior Termination Payment (to the extent that
such Hodging Senior Termination Payments have not beon paid in
sccordance with the Hedging Collateal Account Priority of
Payments

(3) to te payment on par passu and pro rata basis of the Class A Notes Monthly
Interest Amounis

(4) — to credit he General Reserve Account in an amount cqual to 1he Class A
General Resorve Replenishment Amount;

7


0)

0)

0)

0)

o

0)

mí)

5)

as

rdemption in full of al Class A Notes of al Note Serios on a pari passa and!
pro rata basis;

10h payment on a parí passu and pro ruta basis of
(0 any Class Monthly Hodging Net Amownts(ány); and.

(i) any Class B Hedging Senior Termination Payments (to the extent that
such Hodging Senior Termination Payments have not been paid in
sccordance with the Hedging Collatral Account Priority of
Payments:

to th payment on pari passu and pro ruta basis of th Class 3 Notes Mombly
Interest Amownis

sedemptio in fall of al Class 13 Notes of all Note Series on a pro rata and
pai pass basis;

10h payment on a parí passu and pro ruta basis of

(0 any Class C Monthly Hodging Net Amounts (ifany); and.

di) any Class C Hedging Senior Termination Payments (to the extent that
such Hodging Senior Termination Payments have not been paid in

sccordance with the Hedging Collatral Account Priority of
Payments

to the payment on a pari pasnu and pro rata basis af the Class C Notes
Monthly Interest Amounis;

sedemption in fall of al Class C Notes of all Note Series on a pro rata and
pai pass basis

payment in the following order of priority o:

(0 the Effective Purchase Price of the Eligible Reccivables (in the
context of Adéitional Transfers only) purchased by the Fund on such
date and

(i) the Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price;

lo the payment on a par passu and pro rata basis of any Medging
Subordinated Termination Payments in th following order o priority:

6) fisly the Class A Hedging Subordinated Termination Amount;

En


Gi) secondly, the Class B Hodging Subordinated Termination Amount;
and

(Gi) Atirdly, the Class C Hedging Subordinated Termination Amount

in each case, to thc extent that such Hedging Subordinated Termination
Payments have not been paid in accordance with tho Hedging Collateral
Account Priority of Payments

(14) _ to he payment on a pará passu and pro rasa basis of any Seller Share Interest

Payable Amount

(15) _ to the payment ofihe Servicer Fee to the extent the Servicer and the Seller are
the same entity or belong o the same group;

(16) — repayment in ful of unpaid interest and principal under the Seller Interest
Credit Fa

(17) in ortowards satisfaction on pari passu and pro rata basis of () the General
Reserve Interest Amount and (he Commingling Reserve Inteest Amount

(18) — to he payment ofany Expenses Facility Interest Amount;

(19) _ to he repayment on a parí passu and pro rata basis of: (6) Expenses Facility
Principal Amount under the Expenses Subordinated Facility Agreement; (1)
he General Reserve Shonfall Amount under the General Reserve
Subordinated Facility Agreement; and (ii) Commingling Reserve Shortal!
Amount under thc Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement;

(20) to the payment of the remaining credit bs
Variable Fe.

ce an the Interest Account as

Hedging Collateral Accown Prioriy of Payments

Amount standing to the credit of cach Hodging Collteral Account will not be available for
he Fund to make payments to the Notcholders and any other credito oh Fund, but vil be
applied only in hc following circumstances (lte Hedging Collateal Account Priority of

Payments)

(a) — priorto the occurrence or designation o an Early Termination Date (as defined under
he relevant Hodging Agreement) in respect of th relevant Hedging Agreement,
solely in or towards payment or trastero

6) any retun of Collatral (as defined under the relevant Hedging Agreement)
o th relevant hedging counterpaty pursuant to the terms of the relevant
Hedging Agreement;



ol

(o

0)

0)

any iteret o other revenues relating to any socuitics or cash comprising
Collteral (as defined under ho elovant Hedging Agreement); and

any return of Collteal (as defined under the relevant Hedging Agreement)
to the relevant Hedging Conteparty upon a transfer or novation of lts
bligations under he relevant Hedging Agreement to a replacement hedging
counterpaty, on any day (whelher or not such day is a Payment Dat),
directly o he foresaid Hedging Coumerpary;

upon or immediately following the designation of an Farly Termination Date in
respect of hc relevant Hedging Agreement where:

o

0)

0)

such Early Termintion Date has been designated following an Event of
Detail (as defined in hc relevant Hodging Agrecment) in respect of which
hc relevant Hedging Counterpary is thc Defaulting Paty or a Termination
Event (cach as defined in the relevant Hedging Agrecment) (other han Tax.
Event, legaity or Force Majeure) in respec of which te relevant Hodging.
Comntempary is an Affectod Pary (as defined in the relevant Hedging
Agreement) and

he Fund enters ino a replacement Hodging Agreement on or about th cary
termination date;

on the late of ho day on which such replacement Hedging Agreement is
entered into and the day on which such Replacement Hedging Premium (GP
any] payable o the Fund has been reccived(án cach case, whether o not such
day isa Payment Date), in the following order of priority

(8) fist in or towards payment of any Replacement Hedging Premium
(Fany) payable by the Fund to a replacement hedging counterparty
in order to ener ino a replacement Hedging Agreement aith the
Fund with respect to th relevant Hodging Agreement being novated
orterminated:

(C) > second, in or towards payment of any Hedging Subordinated
Termination. Payment due to the relevant outgoing. Hedging.
Coomterpary and

(0) — third only following satisfaction in full o al! amounts owing to the
relevant ostgoing Hodging Coumterpary, on such day, any Hodging
Collateral Account Suplus to be transfrred to th Interest Account,
vwbict vil form par of he Available Interest Amount

following the designation of an carly termination date in respoct of the relevant
Hodging Agreement where


0

6) such Early Termination Date has been designated following an Event of
Default (as defined in the Hedging Agreement) in respect OS which the
relevant Hodging Countepary is the Defauling Party or a Termination
Event (as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) (other than a Tax.
Event, legaity or Force Majeure) in respec of which te relevant Hodging.
Comntempary is an Alfectod Pary (as defined in the relevant Hedging
Agreement) and

(the Fund is unable to entr into a replacement Hedging Agreement on or
about the carlytermination dat, on any day (whether or not such day is
Payment Date) in or towards payment of any Hodging Subordinated
Termination Payment ducto the relevant outgoing Hedging Counterparty

following the designation of an Early Tormination Date in respest of the relevant
Hodging Agreement where such Early Termination Date has ben designated
therwise ihan s a result of one of the events specificd under paragraph (9) and (c)
above, on any day (whether or not such day is a Payment Date) in or towards
payment of any Hedging Senior Termination Payments ducto th relevant outgoing.
Hedging Counterparty;

following payment ol any amounis due puesuant to paragraph (c) and (d) above, if
amounts remain standing to the credit of the relevant Hdging Collateral Account,
such amounts may be applicd only in accordance wi hc following provision:

6 fistly,omany day (whether or not such day isa Payment Dato), in or towards
payment of any Replacement Hedging Premism (any) payable by the Fund
o a replacement hedging coumterpary in order to enter into replacement
Hodging Agreement with the Fund with respect to the relevant Hodging.
Agreement being terminated;

Gi) secondly, on any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving
Period and he Programme Amortisaion Period, in or towards payment or
rtention (as the case may be) on a paí passu and pro rata basis of any
Monthly Interest Amount due on such Monthly Payment Date n respect of
he Class of Notes of he relevant Note Serics of the Affectod Note (he
Relevant Class of Notes), subject to, and in accordance with, the Interest
Shorfll Priority of Payments

(Gi) ttialy, on any Momhly Payment Date (1) during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period o (if) during the Programme Revolving Period and tho
Programme Amoriation Period but only añer redemption in ful of all Notes
of the Relevant Class of Notes, any surplus would constitute the Hedging
Collateral Account Surplus, which xl be credied to the Interest Account
“nd form part of the Available Interest Amounts.

En


3473. Paymentsin arrcars

1 on any relevant Monthly Payment Dat, the Available Distribution Amount is not suffcient
to pay, transfr to another Issucr Account, redccm any amount then due and payable o to be

transforred or o be redeemod or retain any amount, such unpaid amount hal

“arras wbich will become due and payable by th Fund on the next following Monthly
Payment Date, at h same rank, but in priority to hc payment of hc amounis of same nature

in he applicable Priority of Payments and such amounts in arcars shall ot bear interest

3ATA. — Variable fee

On cach Momhly Payment Date, the Seller will entiled to reccive a varible fee (he
Variable Fee) on cach Monthly Payment Date and cqual to the Ava
Amount remsining on such Monthly Payment Date añcr payment or rtention of all other

le Distribution

amounts payable or retsinable by the Fund in accordance with the spplicable Priority of
Payments.

Ones the Fund has been liquidated and all the payments have been mad pursuant o the
Accclerated Priority of Payments set out in section 3472 of he Additional Building Block,
if there is any remaining amount, such remaining amount will also be paid to tho Seller as

jui amount (totally or
partally) and consists of Receivables subject to court or out-o£coun proceedingsintiated as
a result of the payment default or otherwise by the corresponding Borrower, both the
ontinuatio of such proccedings and the ostcome thereof sil e in favour of th Seller, For
such purposes, iF necessary, the Management Company and the Seller shall entr into the
documents required to ensure the succession of th Seller in the position of ho Fund in any
such procccdings.

Variable Fee. ln the cvent that such remaining amownt is not a

In Ae cvent that th Variable Fees subject o any taxation, the Seller shall bear any such.
taxation and tho Fund will not be required to make any increased payments to compensate
such taxatio.

347.5. — Fund Expenses

The Fund will pay the Initial Expenses, the Noto Serios Issue Expenses, the Ordinary
Expenses and ho Extraordinary Expenses that accrue throughout is life.

(a) Nonwoperaive expenses of he Fund (the Fund Non-Operative Expenses)

Th Fund Non-Operatve Expenses shall be composed by the Initial Expenses and the
Note Series Issue Expenses (as these terms ac defined below)

6 trial Expenses

The estimate af the initial expenses (he Initial Expenses) incured in the
incorporaion af he Fund is detaild in section 6 ofihe Securities Note.

202


ol

0)

The Initial Expensos will be paid out of the proceeds of the Expenses
Subordinated Facility and without being subject o the Priority of Payments.

Nou Series Issue Expenses.

Any expenses incured in connection with the issue of the Notes of any Notes
Seris, including the execution and fling of any Issuing Document and any
feos and costs payable in comection therewith ic. CNMV, IBERCLEAR,
AJAF/MARE, Rating Agencies fs, legal fees, cte- (the Note Seris Issue
Expenses) vil be paid (5 firaly, with tho Expenses Subordinated Facil
and without being subject to the Priority of Payments and (ió secondly,
provided that thre are mo sufficient av

Expenses Subordinated Facility, as an Extraodinary Expense in accordance.
vvitbth below.

ble undravn amounts under the

The Note Serios Issue Expenses in connection with cach Notes Seres il be
determined before the issue corresponding Notes Seris takes place and will
e discloscd in le Issuing Document on th occasion of cach Notes Seres.

Although tho actual value of Note Seris Issue Expenses for any Note Series
issuance cannot be determined in advance (as it will depend among other
unknown factors, on the Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amount) an
amount of EUR 100,000 is provided s an stimate of said expenses in which
he Fund could incur per EUR 100.000.000 oPissued Notes al any given timo
ino furor

Expenses throughout hc life of the Fund (hc Issuer Operating Expenses)

The Issuer Operating Expenses shall be composad by the Ordinary Expenses and the
Exaraordinary Expensos (as these terms are defined below)

Ordinary Espenses

Ordinary Expenses shall be those which are necessary for the regular operation of
he Fund that may or will accrue in he Fund, including:

o
0)

0)
0)

m

taxes (including adoninitmtiv fees
emuneraton ofthe Management Companys
emuneration of the Paying Agent;

Service Fee

remnuneration of the Auditor ofthe Fund:

203


(vi) remuneration of th auditor or third party expert appointed for the annual
“dit of th portfolio of Reccivables pooled the Fund;

(vi) expenses that muy arisc from mandatory administrativo. verifications
(including, without limitación, CNMV, ALAE, MARE and IBERCLEAR
focs) registration and authorizations mot included in the Initial Expenses;

(vi) fees payable to PCS in connection with 1he Notes of any Note Serios
recciving the PCS Label (applicable)

(6x) fees payable in connection with he European Data Warehouse:

6) fies payuble to aho Relevant Ratings Agencies for monitoring and
mointaining th rating of the Notes;

ui) expenses rlating o ho Notes bookkceping,involvin thcrrepresenttion by
the book-entry system, any admission-related expenses that ais from timo to
time, and the maintenance of all of he above, not included in the Initial
Expenses;

má

(ui) the expenses incured in hc redemption of the Notos (¿e IBERCLEAR];

(ui) the expenses incurod in the announcements and notifications relative to the

Fund andlor th Notes.

The Management Company will send instructions to the Paying Agent for the
payment ofall ho Fund Ordinary Expenses that accrue throughout is life, and will be
paid to Abcirrespostive bencficiaics pursuant to th relevant Priority of Payments.

Alihough the actual amount of Ordinary Expenses cannot be determined in advance
sit will depend among other on fixed and variable actors linked to the Outstanding
Principal Balance of he Purchased Reccivable, an amount of EUR 10,000,000 is
provided as an estimate of suid early expenses in which the Fund could incur in the
fatare

Extraordinary Espenses

Extraordinary Expenses shall include:
6) expenses atar incured in iquidating the Fund;
Gi) expenses arising from the preparation amd. formal execution of the

amendment of the Deed of Incorporation and of thc Funds Agrecments,
Prospectas Supplement as well s for the execution of additional contracte.

(Gi) the expenses necessary for the enforcement of the Reccivables and those
derived rom the necessary recovery actions

204


(Y) all cs, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid in order o preserve the
existence of the Fund orto maintain tin good standing oro comply with the
applicable legisation;

(6) amy expenses incured in case ftermination of the issue ofa Notes Serios;
(vi) extraordinary audit and legal advice expenses; and!

(vi) in general, any oler exracrdinary expenses incurre by the Fund or by the
Management Company, on behalf of and for th account of the same.

The Management Company will send instructions to th Paying Agent for the
payment of all the Fund Extrsordinary Expenses that accrue throughout ts if, and!
vil be paid to thcir respective bencficiaics pursuant to the relevant Priority of
Payments (or, ¡fte date on which hey fal due is not a Payment Dat, if necessary,
vvithout following the relevant Priority of Payments on the date on which hey Fall
due)

3448. Other arrangements upon which payments of interest and principal to investore

348. — Hedging Agreements
General

The Reccivables to be purchased by the Fund bear an adjustable fixed interest rate while the
Class A Notes andío he Class B Notes and/or the Class C Notes ofany Note Series may bear
a Moating rate ofinterest as specific in th relevant the Issuing Document

Conscquently, the Fund may be exposed to interes ato risk which may be hedged through
hc stting of a Maximum Interest Rate to th relevant Notes or with any Class A Hedging
Agreement on the issuc o any Class A Flating Rate Notes, ny Class 3 Hedging Agreement
1 the issue of any Class B Posting Rate Notes and any Class C Hodging Agreement on the
issue of any Class C Ploating Rate Notes etcred into betwcen the Fund, represented by the
Management Company, and any Eigible Hedging Counterpartis.

1 he interest rate exposure of the Fund in relation to any Class of Notes af any Note Series is
to be hodgod by the emtering into a Hedging Agreement in respect of ho relevant Class of
Notes af a Note Seris (the Hedged Notes), the Management Company, on behalf o the
Fund, will entr into on or more Hedging Agreement with Eligible Hedging Counterpartics,
as specific in the relevant Issuing Document n respect of the Hodged Nexos. It is expected
hat he Hodging Agreements will bo interest rue swap, but other financial derivatives
agreements (cg. interest rate collar, interest rate cap) may be entering into for hdging
purposes by th Management Company, on behalf of the Fund, depending on the conditions
fe financial markcts at hc timo the Hodgod Notes are isued,



The Hodging Agreements will cach be documented by means of () a master netting
agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border), as
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, In, (an ISDA Master
Agreement) the schodule and th credit support annex thcreto (an ISDA Credit Support
Anna), togelhor with the confirmation setting out the terms of cach hedging transaction, (5)
a Contrato Marco de Operaciones Financioras (a CMOF Master Agreement) in is 2013
version (or any other version as sclectod by the Management Company), as prepared by the
Spanish Bankcrs Association (Asociación Española de Banca) and the Spanish Savings
Banks Association (Confederación Española de Cajas de Ahorros), together with its Annex
he credit support annex.ihoreto (Anexo HII — Acuerdo de Realización de Cesiones en
Garantía) (dre CMOF Credit Support Amex, and together with the ISDA Credit Support
Amnex, the Credit Support Anmex) and the confirmation seting out the terms of cach
Hodging Agreement, or (il) any olher financial trnsactions master neting documentation
vwbich the Management Company decms suitable for th relevant Hedging Agreement

The Management Company moy, on behalf of the Fund, () enter imo master netting
agreements (together with the applicable Credit Support Annexes or any other equivalent
redil support agreements) to hedge one or more Notes Seres, in which case a master netting
agreement may cover more than onc hedging transaction and therefore hedge various serios of
Hedgod Notes; (li) entr into specific individual master neting agreements in respect of cah
serios af Hodged Notes, in which cose the Fund may entr into multiple Hedging Agreements
in orderto hedge individual (or specific groups of) series of Hedged Notes, r(i) entr into a
combination of ho foregoing, as decidod by the Management Company, on behalf of the
Fund, on a case by caso basis

Payments under the Hedging Agreements

If the relevant hedging transaction entered into under the Hedging Agrecments are interes
ate swap transactions (1RSS) the basic structure of th hedging transactions to bo entered
into by the Pund is expected to be s follows:

(a) — The Eligible Hodging Counterpantes will pay to the Fund on the payment dates
specific in he relevant transaction confimutions, an amount calculated by reference
to the Reference Rate payable on th Hedged Notes.

(0) The Eligible Hedging Counterpants will recio from the Fund on, on he payiment
dates specified in hc relevant transaction confirmation , an amount calculated with
reference toa fed rte

(e) Notting beswcen the foregoing fixed and losing payments will apply, in accordance
vvitbth terms specific below and pursuant to the Hedging Agreement

(d) The applicable notioal amount for th relevant IRSS will e the aggregate Principal
Amount Outstanding of the Hedged Notes on cach Payment Date or, otherwise, a set
utinthc relevant transaction confirmation.

206


(c) — The Calculation Agent (as defined in the Hedging Agreement) under the Hedging
Agrecments shall e se ut in the relevant Hedging Agreements.

(0 The fixed rate payable by aho Fund under cach IRS shall bo as agrecd between the
Management Company, on behalf of ho Fund, and the applicable Eligible Hdging
Cownterpatcs and shall e st 0 in the relevant transaction confirmation,

(8) — Where any Hedging Net Amount is du to be puid by the relevant Eligible Hedging
Counterpary, the Eligible Hedging Countemany will make the relevant payment to
he Fund on th payment date set out hs relevant transaction confirmation.

(0) Wire the Hedging Net Amount is due to be paid by the Fund, the Fund will make
he relevant payment to tho relevant Eliible Hodging Counterpery on the payment
te set out in th relevant transaction confirmation but subject to and in accordance
with ho Interest Priority of Payments

arly Termination

The occurrence of certin termination cvents and events of default shall be set out in cach
Hodging Agreement which may cause the termination o such Hodging Agreement prior to its
stated termination date, and which may include, among others, the following Additional
"Termination Events (as such term sha be define in th relevant Hedging Agreement),

(2) Amendimentso he provisions of Section 17 of the Decd of Incorporaton of he Fund
(and as described in Sestion 3.4.7 ofhe Additional Building Block) without the prior
written consent of the Eligible Hedging Comntepanty, such that the Funds"
abligatons to the Eligible Hedging Counter under the Hodging Agreement are
further contractually subordinated to Fund's obligations to any other party.

(6) Fany ofthe Programme Documents is amendod without the Hedging Countemparty
prior witen consent, where the Eliible Hodging Coumtempanty  reasonably
termines that such amendment would have a material adverse fet om its interests
as a result of muterally adversely aficting the timing, amount, enforccabiliy or
priority in respect of any payment, delivery or any olher contractual rights o the
Eliible Hedging Counterpary under the Hedging Agreement or any other relevant
Programme Document

(6) — The occurence in respect aho Fund of an Accclorated Amorisation Event.
(4) — The notice by the Management Company that it will procoed to liquidate or
extimguish the Fund pursuant to the provisions set out in Section 443 of the

Registration Document

In addition, a Hedging Agrecment may be terminated by cithr of hc Management Company,
on behalf of the Fund, or the relevant Eligible Hedging Counterpaty in circumstances
afTstig theater party which may include cicumstances where

207


(2) the otr parsy isin defult by reason of lu o mal payments:

(0) the ter party bresches cerin other obligations under the Hedging Agreement
(otherthan payment obligations); or

(e) the other party is insolvent or falls under any of the events classfid as bankruptey or
insolvency events under the relevant Hedging Agreement, subject to certain
exceptions applicable in respect a he Fund,

Morsover, a Hodging Agreement may also bo terminated by cither of ihe Ma
Company, on behalf of the Fund, or the relevant Eigible Hedging Counterparty, in ihe event
ta:

(a) it becomes unlawíul under any applicable law (including without limittion the Laws
of any country in which payment delivery or compliance is required by cithr party)
for a pany to th relevant Hodging Agreement to make or reccive payments or
deliveics orto complyvith any other material obligation under the relevant Hodging
Agreement;

(0) by reason of force majcure or act of tae (so long as the force majeure or ct of state
is beyond the control of such party) occurrng añcr a transaction is entered into,
any to the relevant Hedging Agreement is prevented from performing its payment
bligations, from recciving any payments or deiveros or ahervise performing any
material obligtions under th elovant Hedging Agreement; or

(6) — a pany to he relevant Hodging Agreement is obliga to gross up payments following
any vithholding or deduction for or on account f any taxes or it reccives a payment
in respect of which an amount is required to be deducted or witihcld for ar on
account of any taxes,

Rasing Events
The Hedging Agreements may provide that if'a Rating Event (as described in ho Hedging
Agrecments and in hc relevant Issuing Document) (a Rating Event) occus in rlaion o an
Eligble Hodging Counterpary, the affected Eligble Hedging Counterparty shall carry out,

vvithin the time frame specficd in the relevant Hodging Agreement, one or more remedial
measures ate ost of the Eligible Hedging Counteparty which will include the folowing:

(a) — transfer or movate all of ús rights and obligaioos under the relevant Hedging
Agreement to another suitably rated Eligble Hedging Counteparty

(0) arrango for another suitaby rated entity to become co-obligor or guarantr in respect
af he obligations of the Eligible Hodging Comterpartys

(e) postcollateral to support its bligations under the Hedging Agrecment; ando

208


(é) take such other action as will result án the ring of the Hedgod Notes then
úutstanding following the taking of such action (or following such nor-action) being
rated no lower than th rating of the Hedged Notes immediately prior to the relevant
downgrade ofthe relevant Eliible Hedging Coumterpary

1£ following a Rating Event with respec o th relevant Eligible Hedging Coumerpary, the
relevant Eligible Hedging Counteparty fil to take any one af he required measures st out
in the Hodging Agreement wihin he relevant timo period specified therein then, subject to
any terms specificd under the Hodging Agreement, such filre may constitute a Termination
Event with thc Fund bring cmttlcd to crminae the relevant Hodging Agreoment if certain
conditions are met

Coltateral

Following the occurtence ofa Rating Event in respect of an Eligble Hedging Counterpart
as described above, he relevant Eligble Hedging Counerparty may be required to transfer
“additional collteral in accordance with th relevant Credit Support Amex.

Any colateral in he form of ash will be deposited 10 th credit of the Hedging Collatral
Cash Account and any collteal in the form of secuitic will be deposted to the credit o he
Hedging Collateral Securities Account which may be opened at such time. The Hodging
Collteal Cash Account has been opened vih the Isucr Accounts Bank.

The pants to the Programme Documents who rescive and hold monics or provide support to
he transaction puesuant to the terms of such documents (such as the Isuer Accounts Bank)
are required to satis certain criteria to continue to be counterparty o he Fund, These
ertria ncludo requirements in relation o the short-crm and longcierm unguarantccd and
unsccured ratings ascrbed to such pany by the Relevant Rating Agencies (ie, ho Account
Bank Required Ratings). 1 th Issuer Accounts Bank cesos to stisfy the applicable criteria,
cn th ole ofIssur Accounts Bank will bo transferred to another entity which docs saisty
the applicable Account Bank Required Ratings.

Amount standing to the credit of cach Hodging Collteral Account will not bo available for
he Fund to make payments o the Notcholders or any other credito of the Fund, but will bo
applied only a set out in the Hodging Collateral Account Priority of Payments. The Fund's
bligaton to return, from timo to time, any colltral standing to the Hedging Collatral
Accounts to an Eligible Hedging Counterpary will be met, from time to time, by utilising
monics andior securitics standing to the credit of the Hedging Collaeral Accounts, in ho
manner and subject to the provisions of the Hedging Collateral Account Priority of Payments,
and not in accordance with the Interest Priority of Payments or the Principal Priority of.
Payments or other distribution rules applicable to other creditrs of the Fund, without
prejudice to any carlytermination amounts ducto the Hedging Counterparty.



Goveming law

The Hodging Agreoments and any non-contractualobligationsarising out of or in connection
with any of them, may be governed by English law (in the case OfISDA Master Agrecments)
or by Spanish Law (in the case of CMOF Master Agreement),

For bese purposes

Class A Hedging Senior Termination Payment mcans, on any relevant Monthly Payment
Date, the aggregate amount oFall Hedging Senior Termination Payments with respoet to any
relevant Class A Hodging Agreements (any)

Class A Hedging Subordinated Terminstion Amount means on any relevant Monthly
Payment Date, the Class A Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment, determined by the
Management Company on th preceding Cale

jon Dat,

Class A Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment mucans, on any relevant Monthly
Payment Date, the aggregate amount of the Hodging Subordinated Termination Payments
with respect to any relevant Class A Hodging Agreements Pay),

Class A Monthly Hedging Net Amounts means, with respect to a Monthly Payment Date,
he sum of all Class A20xcyy Mombly Hodging Net Amounis determined by the
Management Company to be retained andor paid (as applicable) on such Monthly Payment
Date in accordance with hc applicable Priority of Payments

Hedging Senior Termination Payment mcans in rlaion to any Hedging Agreement, the
sum of any termination payments due and payable by the Fund to the relevant Eligiblo
Hodging Counterparty under such Hedging Agreoment other han asa result of the occurrence
df (a) an Event of Default or (b) a Termination Exent (n cuch caso (a) and () as defined in
he relevant Hedging Agreement), where the Eligible Hedging Countepary ís not the
Detailing Party or the Affected Party, as applicable (in cach case as defined in hc relevant
Hodging Agreement).

Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment imcans in relation to any Hedeing
Agreement, hc sum of any termination payments duc and payable by the Fund to th relevant
Eliible Medging Countemparty under such Hedging Agreement as result of the occurrence
df (a) an Event of Default or (b) a Termination Excnt (other than a Tax Event, Megalty or
Force Majcure) (in cach case (a) and (b) as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement)
where the Eligible Hedging Counterpanty s the Defauling Pany or the Alfectod Pary, as
applicable (in cach case as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement)

3482. Paying Agency Agreement
The Management Company, on behalf of and for ho account of the Fund, will eter into a

Paying Agency Agreement with hc Paying Agent for the financial ervicing of he Notes
Series, whose main terms nd conditions are described in section 52 oh Securities Note.

210


35.

"Name, address and significant busines actviics ol originators of the securitized assets

Servicios Financieros Carrefour, EEC, SA. was incorporsted on 1S June 1990. lis
register address is a call Juan Esplandi "1, 28007 Madrid

It is a financial institucion (“red financial establishment hybrid payment entity" or
“establecimiento financiero de crédio-enidad de pago híbrida” ), duly register with
number 895 in the Bank of Spain Registry of Financial CroditEstablishments

AL 31 December 2015, is share capital was comprisod of 3,089,424 nominativo shares, cach
with a face value of 6.01 curos, with identical financial and political rights Fully subscribed
and paid in and without any restrictions on transfer. At 31 December 2015, the sharcholders
af be Seller sere ho following:

Centros Comerciales Carrefour, SA. 5592
BNP Paribas Personal Finance, SA. 3728
Carrefour Banque, $4 6s0

100.0

Activities

White Seller is duly licensed o provide (1) lending activitics (consumer credi, credit
agreements relating to immovable property and financing of commercial transations, ()
factoring (with or without recourse),(i) cet payment services such as the issuing of
red cards and (1) guarantes and similar commitment, it is curetly only engaged in ho
provision o consumer credito individuals (cier linked to the use of be credit card issued
y the Seller or taking the form of separate loans to finance specific transactions).

The granting of Financing is limited to Spain (which is where virally sl! 0 he income that
constitute its turnover is generated)

Balance sheets and prof and loss accounts
The tables below show a summary of the individual and audited blanco shcet and profit and

loss account of the Seller for 2013, 2014 and 2015, including provisional and unaudited data
for 2016:

a


sumo [progre] ao seprogr] 205 reprogr] 20187 %rrogr]
Financia Marga E ET E
Jones canes E E CS
E ET E
| Operatng Expenses 585 an 589 17] 161 104] 228 8
ross operating pro | 1507 as] 008 09] aora] zer 2
cosas E E A
lncomenetoretazes | res 157 m6 6 q500 oa] 74 o
Ice Tax E E E O
CRIA ESTIMO ANCTEMAT OACI ATA
CAPrniealandra mute

assess Coal a la rola aro]
Irargos ara Faed ases ES CE TE
Tacens E TT EC EE
nera 2 al 4 mio 2 2 2
Dencaes(ases) 00» 00 1 A NS
iomscamancacianoses | 13020 09) 1723 rol 17000 10 a00r
cat nrcasarcitees | 02 139] 02 18] 02 00] 02 0
can ES CS e E
[irme ETE ERICA ARTO IT

a


O ETA

France PA AA A
Ea CES E IO ES
po O ICI OIE: EI:
ru ES UPS EI EE:
Vet sa aa a] a a
cua me od oo ms oo] as ad
aa E NS OE: E:
Eo IES A: IEA E
ho Er EE ET E
Vigor E ICI TES: IE
Le er EI ESO: EAS:
7 ETE ECT IEC E

The non-performing ratio (raro de morosidad) reflcted in the notes to the balance sheet and
profit and loss accounts (memorias) of the Seller for the ycars 2013, 2014 and 2015 is,
respectively, 149%, 11.5% and 10.9%. For the year 2016 it 5 9.3% (a figure which is still
provisional and not auditd),

The solveney rato (rai de solvencia) reflected in he notes to th balance sheet and prof
and loss accounts (memorias) oftho Seller for the cars 2013, 2014 and 2015 is, respectively,
14.4%, 12.3% and 10.5%. For the ycar 2016 it is 109% (a figure which is sil provisional
and no! audite), which s higher than the 8% required by applicable laws (Law 10/2014 and
related Iegslation) and shows an excess in absolute figures of EUR 60 milion compared with
an excess of EUR 47 million as ate close of 2015.

Own finds of he Se

35.1. Historic Performance information for Credit Cards originated by the Seller
(a) — General
The graphs o his section have been prepared on he basis of the intemal records of

SFC. SFC has extractd data on the historical performance of ts entire portfolio of
Rescivablesarsing from ts pontolio of Credit Card Agrecments with ho following

6) the Credit Card Agreement ar exccuted in Spain;
(Gi) the Borrowers are at least 18 years old at the timo of cxccution of he Credit

Card Agreements:

2



(Gi) the Borrowers are domiciled in Spas
Card Agreements:

at the time of execution of ho Credit

(Y) the Bormowers benchit from a Credit Limit with any of he following Credit
Cards:

(A) Classic PASS credit card;
(8) Gold= PASS credit cad;

(C) Business PASS credit card or
(D) Employee -PASS credit card.

Classic - PASS credit cards represent 99.35% of the Aggrogate Outstanding Debt of
“il Client Accounts considered for the purposes of the information included in this

The historical performance data has been cxtacted saring from Jansary 2012 and!
ending on January 2017 (included),

ln adi, for the purposes of the information contained in this section, only
interest-bcaring instalmente(crédio) have been considered

Actual performance may be influencod by a varity of economic, social, geographic
“and chor factors beyont te control of SFC. lt may also be influenced by changes in
SEC's Credit and Servicing Policics.

There can be no assurance that hc future experience and performance of the
Purchascd Reccivables will bo similar to the historical performance set out n the
tables below

The notion of “defaulted Client Account” used in this scction refers to any Client
Accounts which have boen accelerated pursuantt ts Serving Policies procedures.

(0). 12M-Average Monthly Payment Rate

The 12M-Avcrage Monthly Payment Rate is calculated as the 12 months moving.
average ol the ratio betwecn (1) he total interes, principal and insurance payments
received in a particular month (including the principal repayment, interest payment
late payment fees and insurance premium, but excluding any recoveries and
interchanges) and (úi) the total Aggregate Ouistanding Debt of all Client Accounts
her than hc defaulted Cliet Accounts ah beginning ofcach month, expressed as
a percentage.

an)


(o

0

12M-Average Monthly Payment Rate
100%

90%

0%

10%

A a
so

20%

20%

20%

10%

00%
ANasaagasiriadanacas
ETREEETE SEI AIISiSTS

12M-Average Monthly Principal Payment Rate

The 12M-Average Mombhly Principal Payment Rate is calculatd as the 12 months
moving average of he ratio between () th total principal payments received in a
particular month (including periodic component, partial prepayments and. total
repayments) and (li) the total Aggregato Ouistanding Debt of all Client Accounts
her than the defaulted Client Accounts (excluding at the beginning of cach month,
expressed as a percentage.

12M-Average Monthly Principal Payment Rate

TIE REI EFI I1FF3575

¡Gross Purchase Rate

The Gross Purchase Rate is calculated as

6) the 12 mont moving average of the ratio between () the new advances

“amount realiscd during month and () the total principal payments reccived

as


(o

0)

in a particular month (including perioic component, partial prepayments,
total prepayments and any amount resulting from contact migration) in case
af *%% ofthe Principal Collections”;

Ae 12 months moving average ol the ratio beewcen (1) the new advances
“amount realised during a month and (si) hc total Aggregate Outstanding Debt
af all Client Accounis other than the defautcd Client Accounts at the
beginning of cach month, in casc of of the total Agregato Outstanding
Der

Th Gross Purchase Rate is expressed as a percentage.

100%
20%
100%

0%
20%

Gross Purchase Rate

19%
A

so
ES
E
áúá_—_—_—_—_—_—_—————— 4
E
ES
apesanoricacanccass
ETERETERERIRESIÉSTE

reas

— otto Principal Coections (Ms)
— kof the Total Outstanding Debt (ts)

Anual Gross Yield Rate

The anual yield rate is calculated as

o

0)

he 12 months moving average of the raio between (1) the total interest
payments (including any late payment fees but excluding the insurance
premium) ina patcular month multplid by 12 and (i) th total Aggregate
Outstanding Debt of all Client Accounts other than the defauled Client
“Accounts at hc beginning of cach mont, in case of “Annual Yield Rate
(nel, Recoveries)”

he 12 months moving average of the raio between (1) the total interest
payments (including any late payment fees but excluding the insurance
premium and recoveris)in a particular month multplicd by 12 and (li) ho
total Aggregste Outstanding Debt of all Client Accounts other than the
efaulted Client Accounts a the beginning o cach month, in case o

Yield Rate (excl. Recoveries)”

inma

216


0

140%
120%
100%
so
50
0%
20%
00%

The Anmual Yield Rate is expressed s a perentage

Annual Gross Yield rate
25%

A _—_—___
185%

165%

145%

15%
ECT
EI ia rridiriciridiri
EETIPE DIRE TIP I IL IE

—12 Montt Moving Average Vel nl Recoveries)
—12 Montt Moving Average Vel (excl. Recoveries)

Annualised Charge-O8 Rate

Th anmualicd charge-off rte is calculated as the 12 months moving aversgs of the
ratio between (he total Aggregate Outstanding Debt of ll Client Accounts which
became defaulted Client Accounts in a particular month and (4) th total Aggregate
Outstanding Debt of al Cliet Accounts other than the defeulted Client Accounts
hc beginning of cach month, multilicd by 12 and expressed s a percentage.

“Aso Jamuary 201, the anmualied chargo-of rate is $47%,

Annualised Charge-Off Rate

reas
Mayaz
Aug
Nova2
reas
Mayas
Aura
Novas
roba
Mayas
Agar
Nora
fevas
Mayas
Augas:
Novas
rebas
Mayas
Aus
Novas

a


(9 Dilutin Rate

The diario rte is calculated us the 12 months moving axcrago of th rio between.
6) the total Dilutions recorded during Ahe month, and () the total Aggregate
Outstanding Debt of al Cliet Accounts other than thc defaulted Client Accounts
hc beginning of cach month, expressed as a percentage

Dilution Rate

030%
áoo..—

O carrarnaniaii22322238
ETE TEPIIEIIGÍFIS

(6) Delinquencies

The delinquency graph shows delinquencies calculated as the 12 months moving.
average of the ratio between (4) the total Aggregate Outstanding Debt of ll
delinquent loans plus any amount in arrears, in respect to the respectivo overdue.
ucket, and (i) the total Aggregato Outstanding Debt o all Client Accounts other
tan the defaued Client Accounts at the beginning of cach month, expressed as a
percentage.

Delinquencies
1008

sos
50%
0%

* E=====

O crasaanasiii223232
IPriiiridroidcrasiss

— sor tan 3imstalmentimaners —— —Morethan2instalmentin arar

ns man catar — Mor nen arar

a


36.

37.

6) Ammualised Recoveris Rate

The recovery rate is calculated as the 12 months moving average of the ratio between
(ó) the total recovery amount recorded during th month, and () the total Aggregate
Outstanding Debt of all deaulted Client Accounts at the beginning of cach month,
expressed as a percentage.

Annualised Recovery Rate

100%

30%

20%

10%

so

50%

s0%

20%

20%

10%

00%
IRURRRaniriina23s32
III 2E PE 2 FE2G ETE

Keturn and/or repayment of he securitis with others that are not assets of he issuer
Nat applicable.

Servicer,caleulation agent or equivalent

34. Description of the duties and responsbiliies undertaken by the Management

Company regarding the management and legal representation of the Fund and!
Noteholders.

3.1.1.1. — Dutics and responsibilitis of the Management Company

The Fund will beincosporaed by “INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN, S.G.FT, SA." ase
Management Company duly auioriscd for such pusposs and, consequey, to ae as th
manager and leal representative of th Fund, pusuan to th provision of Law 52015, and
in paicalar it vil be responsible in accordance with articl 26.1 6) f Law 52015 of the
administration and management of the ases pooled ín th Fund in ts condition as Master
Service.

As hs manager of lid party funds, the Management Company will be required to act wit
stmostdiligence ad transparency in defence of ho best interests of he Notcholders and the
funders of the Fund,

Th Noteholdees will have no recours against the Management Company, other than for non
performance ofis dutics or non-compliance with the provisions of he Deed of Incorportion,

209


his Base Prospectus, any Prospectas Supplements and the applicable laws and regulations. In
this regard, no action of the Noteholdcrs against the Management Company shall be based on
1) delinquency or prepayment of he Reccivables;() non-fulilment by the diferent parti
af the operations entered into in the name and on behalf of the Fund (other than tho
Management Company); o (si) he insuffcieney of th credit enhancements to cover the
payments ofthe Notes of any class

Merely by way of illustration, and notwilhstanding any other actions stipulated in he Deed of
Incorporatin and his Base Prospectus, the tics of ho Management Company, according to
the legislsio applicable the registration ofth Base Prospectus, will e as follows:

(2) — managing and servicing the Purchasod Reccivables as Master Service in accordance
with article 26.1) of Law S/2015;

(0) exorcising the rights of the Fund under cach Programme Document if the relevant
counterpaty fil to comply vith ho provisions of the corresponding Programme.
Document;

(e) ensuring, on the basis ofthe information made available oi hat

6) the Sellerwillcomply with hc provsions o hc Master Reccivables Sale and
Purchase Agreement;

(the Epenses Subordinated Facility Provider will comply with the provisions
fe Expenses Subordinated Facility Agreement

(Gi) Ah Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider will comply with he provisions of
he Selle Interest Credit Facility Agreement;

(Y) the General Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider will comply with the
provisions of the General Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement:

(0) the Commingling Reservo Subordinated Facility Provider will comply with
ie provisions of the Commingling Reserve Subordinatod. Faciliy
Agreement;

(0 the Servir ill comply vit provisions ofth Servicing Agreement;

(vi) the relevant Hedging Counterpartcs will comply with ho provisions of the
relevant Hodging Agreements

(vi) the ssuer Account Bank will comply with the provisions of the Account
Bank Agreement; and

(69) — the Paying Agent will comply with the provisions of the Paying Agency
Agreement;

20


(é) — applying th proccede of the issue of he Notes a issucd by the Fund on cach Issue
Date, pursuant to the provisions of the Decd of Incorporation or any amendment
Ahereto, as applicable;

(e) — detemmining the occumence of a Seller Event of Defiul, a Potemial Servicer
Termination Event, a Servicor Termination Event, a Revolving Termination Event or
an Acceleated Amortsation Evcnt including the occurrence or a Fund Liquidation
Event

(0) determining, with respect to any Note Sercs, the occurrence of an Optional Early
Redemption Event;

(E) request initial and annual veriication of the atributos of the Reccivabls in ho
amtext af Initial Transfers by am auditor

(6) ensuring the payments of he Issucr Operating Expenses to the creditors of the Fund
in accordance wi the applicable Priority of Payments

6) verifjing that the payments reccived by the Fund are consistent with he sums due
vih resp o lts asets and, necessary, enforcing th rights f the Fund under the
Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement and the Servicing Agreoment;

6 providing all necessary information and instructions to the Isucr Accounts Bank in
order for to operatethe Issue Accounts opened in its books in accordance with the
provisions of the Deed of Incorporstion and the applicable Priority f Payments

0%) allacating any payment recived by the Fund and arsing from the ascts exclusively
“located to it in accordance with the Programme Documents and the Desd of
Incorporation or any amendmenthereto, s applicable;

(0) carrying out calculations and determinatios set out in section 37.12 debajo de,

(on) during Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amontisation Period:

6) communicating to the Seller the Available Purchase Amount and the
Minimum Purchase Amount before cach Purchase Date in the context of
Initial Transfers;

(Gi) taking ll required steps in relation to the issue of any nevw Note Series on any
Issue Date in accordance wi the relevant Programme Documents; and!

(Gi) determining with he Seller the principal amount of any Note Series to be
issued on any Issue Date;

(2) during Programme Revolving Period, the Programms Amonistion Period and the

Programme Accclerated Amomisation Perid:

eN


6) acquiring, for and on behalf of the Fund, the Reccivables, from the Seller
pursuant to hc Master Reccivabls Sale and Purchase Agreement; and

(Gi) checking the satisfaction ofhe relevant Conditions Precedent to the Purchase:
af Reccivables and compliance of certain reccivables which have been
selected by the Soler with the applicable Eligibily Criteria.

(0) notifjing, or causing to notify he Borrowers and the Insurance Companics;

(P) — preparing, the documents required under applicable laws and regulations, fr the
information of, if applicable, the CNMV, ihe Relevant Rating Agencies, ALAF,
MARE or any other regulted or unregulatod market, IBERCLEAR, the public and
any other relevant superviory authority or tbird party ets

(9) publishing he Investor Report on ls intenot website,
before any Monthly Payment Date;

least br (3) Business Days

(6) rencw th Base Prospectus and preparing any Prospectus Supplement in accordance
vit applicable laws amd regulations

(6) preparing ny Isuing Document in relation to any isuance of Nate Series

(0) upon the occurrence ola Servicer Termination Event, replacing the Servicer andlor
providing any datainformation in is possession o the Replacement Service, in
accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and section 372.15 of the
Additional Building Block:

(4) replacing, if necessary, the Issuer Accounts Bank, any Eligible Hedging
Counterpatcs and the Paying Agent under the terms and conditions provided by the
applicable laws at the timo of such replacement and by the Account Bank Agreement,
any Medging Agrecments orthe Paying Agency Agreoment, respectively:

(0) providing online nocess to certin data or investors (through website faciliis) in
order to distribute any information provided by the Seller pursuant to article 405 of
the CRR, the ALEMR and the Solvency NI Regulation:

(0) lisising with the Seller which shall provide the Management Company with lan level
disclosure in order to cable the Management Company to wpload the loan level
disclosure required by the Eurosystcm in the Eurosystemt's de

6%) making the decision to liquidate the Fund in accordance with he applicable laws and
regulations and subject to hc provision of the Decd of Incorporation:

(0) issuimg appropriate instructions to the Paying Agent regarding payments to bo made
o the Notcholders and, where aplicable, to oxher emtis in charge of making.
payments


(2) monitoring the actions of the Servicer for recovery of mon-payments, giving
instructions, when applicable, and exercise ihe actions which apply when
«ireumstances occur which o require;

carring the accounting af the Fund with due separation from the accounting of the
Management Company, and render accounts and comply with he tx or othr legal
úbligations applicable t the Fund;

(60) appoint and, as the case may be, replace and dismiss the Auditor with the prior
approval ofthe CNMV, where necessary;

(cc) on behalf of she Fund, provide the Relevant Rating Agencies with periodo
information regarding th situstion of the Fund and the behaviour of the Reccivables
in order to allow them to continu rating the Notes, Similar, it will supply the said
information whenover reasonably requested o do s by the Relevant Rating Agencies
and, in any even, whenever a change occurs in the conditions ol the Fund, in the
agreements entered ito by tho Fund through its Management Company or in the
interested partics.

3.12. Calculations by the Management Company as calculation agent.

Subjeetto the Priority of Payments to be applicd during the Programme Revalving Period, the
Programme Amoriation Period or the Programme Acceleraed Amortisation Period,
respectively, he Management Company shall:

(a) caleulate on cach Interest Determination Date in respect of any Floating Rate Notes,
he applicable Interest Rat;

(6) calculateon the Determination Date he Available Purchase Amount;

(e) caleulate on cach Calculation Date during the Programme Revolving Period!

6) the Minimum Purchase Amount;
Gi) the Minimum Portfolio Amount;
(Gi) the Unapplicd Revolving Amount

(é) — caleulate on cach Calculation Date during the Programme Revolving Period and the
Amortisaion Period:

6) the Available Principal Collections;

6) the

lable Amortisaion Amount;

(ii) — the Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger, the Class 3 Principal Defiiency
Ledger and the Residual Deficiency Ledger:

ES


(Y) the General Reserve Replenishment Amount and the General: Reserve
Desrease Amount

(0) the Class A General Reserve Ledger, the Class General Reserve Leger and!
the Class C20xx-yy Spread Amount Ledger;

(he Note Series 200x-yy Available Amortaion Amount
(rá Abe Note Series 20wcyy Total Available Amortisaton Amount
(vii) Abe Note Series 20xx-3y Available Purchase Amount;

(60) the Note Series 200 Principal Ratio;

6% any calculos utilising any relevant Noto Series 20xx-yy Retention Ratio;
and

6) the Note Series 20%3-yy Call Amount; and

on cach Calculation Date in respost of cach Monthly Payment Date during the
Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period or cach
Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Accoleated Amortisaton Period,
determine, on the basis of th latest information eccived from the Service:

6) the Available Distribution Amount;
Gi) the Available Principal Amount
(Gi) Ah Available Interest Amount

(Y) the Class A Notes Monthly Interest Amount and th Class A Notes Interest
Amount

(6) the Class B Notes Monthly Interest Amount and the Class 3 Notes Interest
Amount

(4 the Class C Notes Monthly Interest Amount and the Class C Notes Interest
Amount

(ri) the Seller Interest Credit Facilisy Interest Amos

(vi) the Class A Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount and the Class A20x1-3y
Monthly Notes Amortisaion Amon

(69) — the Class B Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount and the Class B20x1-yy
Monthly Notes Amortisaion Amoun

2


6%) the Class C Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount and the Class C20x1-3y
Monthly Notes Amortisaion Amon

(oi) Ae Seller Interest Credit Facil Amortisatio Amount
(Ae Class A Notes Principal Amount Outstanding:
(Abe Class E Notes Principal Amosnt Outstanding
(is) Abe Class C Notes Principal Amount Outstanding

(08) Ae lsuer Operating Expenses;

(nó) the Note Series Zoey Call Amt

(ai, Abe Note Series 20wcyy Clean up Amount; and

(avi) the Commingling Reserve Decrease Amount and the Commingling Reserve!
Increase Amount;

(0 calculate on cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Amortisaion Period:

6) the relevant Interes Distribution Ledger; and.

(the relevant Principal Distribution Ledger;

(E) give the appropriate instructions to the relevant Programme Parties for he locations
and payments in respect of the Fund in accordance with th relevant Priority of
Payments and in respost of cach Setlement Date and Payment Date.

1 ho Servicer has filed to provide the Management Company with the Monthly Servicer
Report within two (2) Business Days añer the relevant Monthly Reporting Date, the
Management Company shall estimate, on hc bass o he latest information reccived from the
Service, as applicable, any element necessary in order to make payments in accordance with
he relevant Priority of Payment. In particular, the estimated Av
during the preccding Collection Period would be based on th last Monthly Servicer Report
received, the last available amortisation schedule contained in such report, and using, as
repayment and default rates assumpiios, the average prepayment rates and default rates
calculated by the Management Company on the basis of the last three (3) available Monthly
Services Report deliver to the Management Company.

lble Collections arisen

32.13. Resignation and replacement of the Management Company

The Management Company shall be substtucd in managing and representing the Fund, in
accordance with aticles 32 (Resignation) and 35 (Forced Substiturion) of Law 5/2015 andior


in case that lts authoriatio to act as management company were to be revoked and to the
extent applicable, other regulations to be established in th future.

(a) — Resignation of he Management Company

The Management Company may resign its management and suthorised represento
Function with respec to all or par of the funds managed whencver it decms this fi,
requesting is substituion, which should be authorized by the CNMV, in accordance
vih procedure and the conditions to be established in Lanw 5/2015.

The Management Company may in no event resign ts dutcs until and unless sl
requirements and formalítics have ben complicd with in order for ts substitute to
take over ts dutics.

The substitution expenses originated shall be bome by the Management Company
and muy in no event be passed on to ho Pund,

(0) Foreedsubsttution of the Management Company

6) ln he event that ie Management Company is declared insolvent (em
concurso) or in case hat is auhoristion 0 act as management company
were to be revoked, it shall find a substitute management company, in
accordance with theprovisions of he foregoing section.

(Always in th event for which provision ás made in he preceding section, 4
four monihs (4) have clapsed from the occurrence determining. the
substitution and no new management company has been found to take over.
managerment of the Fund, there shall hc an Early Liquidation of the Fund, in
“ccondance with the provision of his Base Prospecta.

(Gi) — The Management Company agrees to execute such notarial decds and private
documents as may be necessary for it to he substiuted by anolher
management company, in accordance with the system for which provision is
made in th preceding paragraph of this section. The substite management
company shall be substiuted in the Management Company's rights and
duties under this Base Prospectus and amy Prospectus Supplement
Funhicrmore, the Menagement Company shall hand to the substitute
management company such accounting records and data files as it may have
o hand over in conmestion with the Fund,

32.14. — Subcontracting of the Management Company.

The Management Company will be empowered to subcontact or delegate the provision of
any of ho servics which it has to cory out with regard to thcir functions concerning the
“administration and legal representsion af the Fund to third panties with acknowlcdged
solvency and capacity, in accordance with what is set out in this Base Prospectus and any

26


Prospectus Supplement on the condition that hc subcontractor or delegate has renounced the
exercise of ny action claiming liabiliy against the Pund

In any case, the subcontracting or delegation of any sevice() cannot involve any additional
ost or expense for the Fund, (i) must be legally possible and (ii) will be subject to
notification to (and ¡applicable authorisation from) he CNMV, and, if egally necessary, it
vil have ts previous authoristion. Notvwithstanding any subcontracting or delegation, the
Management Company vil not be cxoncrated nor elcascd from any of th libiltics assumed
by vine of this Base Prospectus and any Prospoctus Supplement which are legally
atributabl to or requied from t ducto this subcontracting or delegatin.

3745.

Remuneration of the Management Company

The Management Company will receive as remuneraion for is services the fee set out ín

separate fe ter.

In case that hc current legislaion applicable is modified, implying additional requirements to
the Management Company, the reasonsblo expenses incured by the Management Company
vil be borne by the Fund,

3.12. Servicing of the Reccivables

As legal representativo of the Fund responsible for its management and in accordance with
arce 26.1) of Law 5/2015, the Management Company is etrusted with the management
and serving of the Purchascd Reccivables as Master Servicer; this notwilhstandin, the
Mar

Rescivables will be carried out by SFC (in such condition, the Servicer) (as services
provider) without such appointment implying a limitsion of the libilit of the Management
Company vivávis the nteholders and any funder of th Fund,

:ement Company has sgrecd that lho management and servicing of the Purchascd

The terms and conditions of ho management, collection and the servicing of the Purchased
Rescivables ae regulated under the Servicing Agreement

37.21. — Administration and Servicing o the Reccivables

In lts capacity as Servier, Servicios Financieros Carrefour EF.C, SA. will service,
“dmiister and colloct the Purchased Reccivables. The Servicers dutcs include, amongst
¿lhers, (A) he servicing, administration and collection o the Purchased Reccivables and, if
applicable, the remittance of any Insurance Indemmifictins, (8) the remittnco of the
Available Collections to hc General Account, (C) the remiitance of ho Monthly Servicer
Reporto the Management Company, and (D)i applicable hc notification o the Borrowers
“and the Insurance Companics in accordance with section 3.72.15 of the Additional Building
Block (th Services)

27


The Servicor is appoimted by the Management Company to adminiser and, ¡fo case arios,
to take any necessary actions for the purposes of collecting and enforcing the Purchased
Rescivables and for the purposes of remiting th Insurance Indemnifications.

37.22.  Servicers general representations and undertakings
The Services represents and underakes:

(a) — to service and administe the Purehasod Reccivables pursuat to (4) the provisions of
in this section 3.72 of the Additional Building Block and (B) its Sevicing Policies,
always subject to applicable laws and regulation;

(6) at al times during the term of lts appointment as Servicer, perform is obligations
(Gncluding, without limiaton, the serviing, admúnistring and collection of al sums
due under or in connection with the Purehascd Recci

les and tho remitince of
Insurance Indemnification) with all due care, skill and diligence and in good fait
and in a commercally prudent manner in such way in oder to minimiso loss and!
maximise recoveris in compliance with all applicable laws and regularions and
recover amounts from th Borrowers, and to exercise a level of sil, care and
“tention in providing the Services and performing any related functions as lt wosld if
it were managing comparable assts for telf

(<)  toallocate adequate resources for th proper performance by lt fte Services;

(4) to noti the Management Company of the occurrence of a Potential Servicer
Termination Event or any Servicer Termination Event

(e) to report to the Management Company on th performance af the Purchased
Rescivables through ho Monthly Servicer Report and to provide and deliver to the
Management Company, to the extent reasombly practicable, subject to any
requirement OS law or regulatry direction, such further information and/or reports
whether in writing or ahenvise as the Management Company may ressonably
require, and on reasonable notice, in connection wih ho Purchascd Reccivables and!
he Services and the performance ofs dutics;

(0) to monitortimely and correct payments by Borrowers (including but not limited to,
verpaymnenis) and notifying Borrowers of overdue payments

(8) — to enforeevisd-visany Borrower all bligaions o such Borrower under th relevant
Credit Card Agreement and, in accordance with the Servcing Policies, managing the
moximum credit limit undor the Client Account, determining whether any Purchascd
Rescivables should be accelrated in accordance with ts Sevicing Policies, and
taking any action necessary or desimble, or otherwise determined by the Service and
upon request, kecp the Management Company informed of all material actions and!
decisions taken in cach case;

as


(6) to procure that (x) amounis coming from direc debi payments belonging to hc Fund
re paid into the Collections Accounts and transfered o the General Account wiki
ne (1) Business Day following reccipt of the amounts into the Collections Accounts
(provided that such amosnts are received within banking hours on the Business Day
hey are reccived into the Collections Account, otherwise the following Business
Day): and (9) amownts coming from nordicct debit payments Gncluding Insurance
Indemmifictions) belonging to the Fund are paid into the relevant S
“and ten transerred according to he following proceda:

6 fistiy o the Collections Accounts within two (2) Business Days following.
reccipt of th amounts by the Seller into th relevant accounts (provided that
such amownts are reccived within banking hours on the Business Day they
are reccived by the Seller, othenvis th following Business Day) and

Gi) once received into the Collections Accounts, to 1he General: Account
promply and in ny case within one (1) Business Day following reccipt of
he amounis into the Collections Accounts (provided that such amounts are
received within banking hours on the Business Day they are eccived into the
Collections Accounts, otherwise the following Business Day)

6) to noti to the Management Company promplly upon becoming aware that any of
he representations or warramsics given or made by the Seller in relation to the
compliance of any Purchased Reccivable with he Eligbiliy Critra was matrially
false orincorect in any material espect on the relevant Purchase Date and

0 ln t the Purchased Reccivables

in accordance wi section 372.7 debaj de.

In performing lts obligaions as Service, he Sevicer shall comply with all requirements of
any applicable law (including any laws and regulations relting to consumer credit
transaction and to th protection o personal dat), satuory instrument, regulation, directive,
“administrative requirement,lisence, authorsation or order mado by any govemmcnt, supra
úational body, state, cour, tribunal or arbitral body.

3723. — Authority ofthe Servicer

The Servicer shall comply in
provided that:

material respets with the applicable Servicing Policies,

(a) the Servicer shall ensure that the Servicing Policies lt uses are and vil remain in
«compliance with all laws and regulaions applicable to the scrvicing of that type of
consumer revolving reccivablos;

(0) the Management Company and the Relevant Rating Agencies shall be informed of
any substantial amendiment or substituion to the Credit Policies and the Sevicing

Policies unless (A) th relevant amendiment or substtution is necessary in order for

2


he Credit Policies and th Servicing Policies to remain compliant with all lave and
regulations applicable to the servcing o hat type of consumer revolving reccivables,
or any guideline, instruction, judgment,injuncion or rule reasonably applid by the
Seller or, as applicable, Servicer and (8) has no direct material adverse effet on the
«allection of the Purchased Reccivables.

(6) inte cvemt that ho Servicr has to face a situation that is mot expressly envisagod by
he Servicing Policies t shall at in a commercialy prudent and reasonable manner
sit would do ¡Ft was managing ls own reccivables;

(é) in applying th Servicing Policies or taking such action, in relation to any particular
Borrower which is in default or which is likely to be in default in relaion to a
Purchased Reccivable, the Sevicer shall only deviae from the Servicing Policis fi
reosonably belicvos that doing so will enhance recovery prospects or minimiso loss

5510 hat Puchased Reccivables; and

(6) the Service shall have the authority o cxcrcse all enforcement measures concerning
amounts due under any Purchased Reccivables from cach Borrower, including the
right to sue a Borrower in any competen court in Spain or in any other foreign
competen jurisdctio. The Management Company shall adopt such measures as may
be reasonably required by the Servicr (including, without limittion, hc granting of
proxies or powers of atomey) for the purposes of he performance of any af the
¿tics assumed by the Servicer hrcunder (in particular, in connection with any le
ar court proccedings or actions, or amy other action before any of
administrative authority).

3724. — Duration of appointment

The appoimiment and authority of the Servicer shall be effective as fom the Fund
Incorporation Date and shall remn in ful force and cfct in accordance wilh section
312.15 debajo de,

3725. Subcontracting

The Servicor may appoint one or more sub-<ontractrs (cach a Sub-Contractor) to perform
any of the service to be provided in ts conditions a Servcer, provided that:

(2) — otwithstanding any provisions to thc contrary (including, wihost limitaion,ún ho
contructual arrangements betwcen the Servicer and the appointed third party), the
Appointment of such Sub-Contractor shall not in any way exempl the Service From
lts obligation, for which it shall remuin responsible towards tho Fund as ino such
úsubcontract had been mado;

(0) the Fund shall have no liabiliy to the appointed Sub-Contracior whatsocver in
relation o any cost claim, charge, damage or expense sufred or incured by the
SubContractor and the Servicer agrces to hold harmess ihe Fund and the

so


Management Company from any liabiltics that may derive directly from such
subcontractings

(6) — thetermsofthe appointment of the Servicer (including he repesentations, warantics
and underakings) shall apply to the Sabcontractor to tho extent of th tasks and
duties delegaed:

(d) the Services shall ensure that any Sub-Contractor
with th appropriate care and level oFiligenco; and

l pero ts services and duties

(o ist

ot cause any additional costs or expenses for the Fund,

Any subcontracting vil be subject to th prior approval of the CNMV, le

37.26. — Priority Allocation Rule

LE at any timo and or any reason whutsoever, in respec oa Client Account from which ars
any Purchased Reccivable(s), the Seller is still the owner of any outstanding reccivable(s)
under such Client Account which are not Purchasod Reccivables (sho Non-Purchased
Receivables and together with the Purchased Rescivables arising from the same Client
Account, the Common Reccivables) the Seller and the Fund will have a joint ownership
right on any payments made by he relevant Borrower with respeto such Client Account

The Servicer and the Fund refe o the terms and conditions set out in section 33.1. of he
Additional Building Block in relaion t0 the Common Reccivables and both the Server and
he Fund are bound by such terms and conditions which shall apply between ihem. In
anicular and without limitaion, the Servicer underakes to transfer in priority any and all
amounts reccived in relation to Common Reccivables (including any. Insurance
Indemnificatios reccived from the Insurance Companies) to the Fund, and waives any rights
o reta orto retransfer any such amount paid by a Borrower or an Insurance Company.

Such amounts shall constite Available Collections
3727. Transfer ol Collections
(a) — Nature oftheamountscredited on the Collections Accounts

The Servicer has agrecd and acknowiedgod that cach Collections Accounts shall be
exclusively credited with the collections reccived or paid in relation to the Purchased
Rescivables and tir rlatod Insurance Premia, ing spocificd that f for any reason
«whats

66) a payment by a Borrower under a Purchascd Reccivable is credited 19 am
account other than a Collections Account, the Servicer shall prompily take
any step or action so that the relevant amount is credited o the Collections
“Accounts (or directly to the General Account) as soon as posible;

En


(the Insurance Premia or any other amount has cen crroncousiy credited o a
Collections Accounts and such amount is not an Available Collection, the
Servicer or, as applicable, he Management Company, shall be enttcd 19
dcbitihe Collections Accounts in accordance with and subject to sections (4)
and (e) below.

(6). Pledge overthe Collections Accounts

The Servicer has undenaken to creste, acting as pledgor and puesuant to the
Collections Accounts Security Document, a fist rak n rem right of lodge over is
vights in respect of all sums due to the Fund and deposite from time to time in the
Collections Accounts (including the interest accrued from time to time on such
amounts) and all claims and rights of the Servicer arising under the Collections
Accounts Bank Agreements, in favour of the Fund as security for all Secured
Obligatons.

Such right of pledge created under tho Collections Accounts Security Document shall
be (i) preserved and kept by the Sorvicer while the Secured Obligations are not
completely discharged andíor satisfied and also (1) duly amendod, extended or
ratiied, as the case may be, in case that the Collections Accounts andíor the
Colisctions Accounts Bank Agreements ar in any manner amended or substiuted.

(e) Creditofthe payments onto the Collections Accounts

The Servicer shall in a timely manner collect, transfer and crodi, directly or
indirect, to the relevant Collections Accounts all amount reccived in respect of ll
Purchased Reccivables, provided that the Service has under vissevis the Fund!

6) thatallamounts (including hn Instalments) paid by Borrowers by direct debit
in respect of the corresponding Purchased Reccivables shall be directly
eredited to the relevant Collections Accounts vithouttransitng via any other
account of the Servicer and

Gi) to transfer promptly o a Collections Accounts and in any case within two (2)
Business Days aer recipl, any oler amounts which are paid by using other
methods of payment than direct debits on an account of ho Servicer other
an a Collections Accosmts in respect of the Purchascd Reccivables
(provided that such amounts are reccived within banking hours ona Business
Day, otherwise, om the next Business Day)

(4) Debitofie Collections Accounts and credit of the General Account

6) The Servicer and the Management Company (in respect of the debi
instructions which they are respectively entiled to give pursuant o this
section) undenakes to use wire transfers between accounts only as means of
payment for debit of the Collections Accounts.

m2


0)

0)

“As long as the Collections Accounts Bank has not received a Stop Instruction
Notice from the Management Company

(A) the Service shall be entitled to instuct the Collections Accounts
Banks to carry out the relevant credit instructions of ho amounis
payable by the Borrowees under the Credit Card Agreements;

(E) the Servicorsball give, on cach Business Day (no later than pm).
any necessary instructions to the Collections Accounts Banks 9
ensure that the Available Collections standing to the credit af the
Colictions Accounts are wired on the immediately following
Business Day to the credit o hc General Account

(C) the Servicerás entiled to give the instructions an cach Business Day
to the Collections Accounts Bank: to debit any Collections Accounts
with an amount equal to such Insurance Premia paid by the
Borrowers under the Purchascd Roscivables and to be transfered to
the Insurance Companies and

(D) the Management Company shall not be entied to give any debit or
red instruction to the Collections Accounts Banks.

Immediately upon reccipt by the Collections Accounts Bank (with copy to
the Servicer) oPa Stop Insruction Notice from the Management Company,

(A) Subject 1o(B) below, the Servicer shall no longer be entiled o give
instructions to the Collections Accounts Banks in respect of th
Collections Accounts;

(8) the Service hall remain entlcd to instruct ho Collections Accounts
Banks to carry out the relevant credit instructions of ho amounis
payable by the Borrowees under the Credit Card Agreements;

(C) any automatic transfer Fany) of the credit balance ofthe Collections
“Accounts to the credit of the General Account put in place a the
request of the Servicer shall be discontinued:

(0) subject o (B) above, he Collections Accounts vil bo operated by
the Management Company only (and/or by any person designated by
he Management Company);

(E) the Management Company (and/or by any person designated by the
Management Company) shall insuct the Collections Accounts

ly transfer to the General Account the credit

balance of the Collections Accounts as well as any funds reccived

Banks to autom

2


0)

dsily thecaftr as from the start aho Stop Instraction Notice until a
Release Notice is served

For ihese purposes,

Insurance Premia means the insurance premia payable to the Insurance!
Companies in connection vith the Puchased Reccivables

Rejected Payments imcans th rejeted payments with respect to unpaid
heces orrejected dire debit.

Immeditely upon reccipt by the Collections Accounts Banks and the
Servicer of a Release Notice delivered by the Management Company:

0)

e

he Servicer shall be again auhorised to opere any Collections
“Accounts by giving credit and debit instructions to the Collections
Accounts Banks; and

any automatic transfer (if any) o th credit balance o hc Collections
“Accounts to hc credit of the General Account put in place a the
request of the Servicer and discontinued in accordance with the
above shall be resumed;

it being specific hat the delivery of Release Notice is without projudic of
he sight for ho Management Company to send funher Stop Instruction

Notices

No debi balance

0)

e

Any Collections Accounts Bank has underiaken by signing the
Operan Instructions Letter that út shall mot execute debil
instructions from the Servicer (or in case a Stop Instruction Notice
has been delivered to the Collections Accounis Bank, the
Management Company) resuling in any Collections Accounts
having a debit balance, except due to the debit of a Rejosted
Payment

Such debi instruction will be automatically postponed in whole orn
art until ho credit balance of the relevant Collections Accounts s
suffciet to allow such debi instruction to be performed.

For these purposes, Operation Instructions Letter means. the
operations insrucions letter included in tho Collections Accounts
Security Document

2


(o

Desi oh Collections Accounts of sums which are not Available Collections

o

0)

0)

The Collections Accounts will be credited from timo to time with Insurance
Premia and may be also crroncousIy credited with sums as a result of:

0)
e
(o

0)

0)

an eror mado by the Servir in the alloation of such sum;

“technical cror made by the Collections Accounts Bank

an eror of payment made by the Borrowees of such sums;

a payment reccivod by the Sevicer from the Borrower under a
Purchascd Reccivable and anothe rccivable; or

he receipt of direct debi or intemal transfer including any amount
collected by the Servicer and which are not part of Available
Collection.

Following the delivee of a Stop Instruction Notice and for so long as no.
Release Notice has been duly delivered to the Collections Accounts Bank,
he Sorvicer shall determine and idemify 1hose amounis credited to any
Colictions Accounts which re not Available Collections.

Those amounts credited to the Collections Accosnis which ae not Available
Collections (including Insurance Premia and even if such sums have been
“lady transfered to he Gencral Account) shall be debited by:

0)

e

prior to the delivery of a Stop Instruction Notice or following the
delivery of a Notice of Release (and for so long as no now Stop
Instruction Notice has ben duly delivered to he Collections
“Accounts Banks and the Servico), he Servicr; or

following the delivery ofa Stop Instruction Notice and for so long as
mo Release Notice has bcen duly delivered to the Collections
“Accounts Banks and the Semicer, the Management Company. ln
such caso

() during cach Collection Period, and upon recciving (1) the
relevant instructions from the Servicer and (il, if so
requested by the Management Company, a duly filledwin IT
file documenting such amounts to evidence tt the relevant
amounts are not Available Collections, the Mar
Company vil instuct the Isucr Accounts Bank to transfer
from the General Account such amounis which are not
Available Collections (including any amounts corresponding

ES


0

0]

to Ahe Insurance Premia) to the account indicated by the
Service,

(UD) Nowwithstanding paragraph (1) above, the Management
Company shall ent o refuse to efect such transfer in
case af) flure on the part of he Service o provide such

le upon the Management Request or (if) the information
and calcultions provided by the Servicer do not coincido
vvith that of the Management Company, without prjudico of
is right to claim the relevant Corrected Available
Collection.

Rejected Payments

Any Collections Accounts shall bo debited of the umpaid amounts resulting from
Rejected Payments

o

0)

he relevant Collections Accosnts Bank shall bo eitld to debit such sums
from the applicable Collections Account, even if such debit or reverse cause
the Collections Accounts o have  debit balance; and

if such debit or reverse cause the Collections Accounts lo have a debit
balance, the Servicer underakes to promplly credit the Collections
Accouns(at lhe latest on the Business Day following the debit of the
Collections Account) sith an amount cqual to the debit balance of 1ho
Collections Accounts resulting from such Rejected Payment

Procedure upon replacement of the Sevicer

Upon the occurrencs of the Servicer Termination Exent in accordance with section
3.7.2.15 below as soon as reasonably practicable:

o

0)

0)

he Borrowces and the Insurance Companies shall be notfid to make all
payments in relation o the Purchased Reccivables or the Insurance Premia, as
applicable, directly on hc General Account

he Management Company shall inform csch Collections Accounts Bank af
he occurrence of any Servicer Termination Event and of the consequential
hanges ta the operation of the Collections Accounts in accordance with ho
Collections Accounts Security Document;

upon the termination of 1h appointment of 1h Server, the Servicer
vunderiakes to immediately ccase sending to the Borrowers direct debil
requests in respect of the Purchascd Reecivables and such direct debit shall
e cancelled and th Servicer shall coopera with the Management Company
(or any party designated by it such as the Replacement Servicer) in order to

26


enable t1o start sending to tho Borrowers dirt debi requests in respect of
the Purchased Reccivables.

3728.

ty of the Collections Accounts Banks

(a) — The Servicer shall ensure hat cach Collections Accounts Banks is al al times an
Eliible Instuion. Should any of the Collections Accounts Banks cease to be an
Eligible Institution an Eligble Institution Replacement Event (as defined below) shall
cur with the ffets set out in paragraph () below.

Eligible Institution means a depositoy institution organiscd under the laws of any
state wbich isa member of the European Union which complics with) the Account
Bank Required Ratings with respect to the Isuer Accounts Bank and (li) with ho
Coliction Account Bank Required Ratings with respeto the Collections Accounts
Banks, and is ahorised to ake deposit in Sp

Collections Accounts Bank Required Ratings mesns in respect of any entity the

6) a public rating oPat cast BBB (senor long tem) by DBRS; or

(Gi) FS by Fitch with respect to the shor-crm Issucr Default Rating (1DR) of
such entity or BBB- by Fitch with respec to ho long-term Isuer Default
Rating (IDR) of such entity; or

(Gi) P-2 by Moody's with respecto the shorkerm unsecured, unsubordinated and
“inguarantesd debtobligations of such entity or

(Y) ay applicable ratings specific in the
102 Noto Seris rated by S£,

1 Prospectus Supplement in relation

dr such other debt ring as determined to be applicable or agrecd by cach Relevant
Rating Agency from time to time and speifid in he last Prospectus Supplement

(6). Upon the Server becoming aware ofthat a Collections Accounts Bank has ceascd to
be an Eliible Institution (the Eligible Institution Replacement Event) the Servicer

shall

6) promply notify the Management Company the occurence of such
eircumstance; and

Gi) withimabirty (30) calendar days:

(A) appoint a replacing Collctions Accounts Bank which is an Eigible
Iosttuion; and

»7


(E) — grata pledge over the new collections accosnis opened wit the
replacing Collections Accounts Bank where collections derived from.
hc relevant Purehascd Reccivables are credited

(c) — Furtherto the above, upon the occurrence of Eligible Institution Replacement Event
he Sorvicer and the Management Company shall collaborte to ensure that no.
«isruption on Abe transfer ot collections from the Purchased Reccivables accurs

(d) All tbc costs incured in th replacement of a Collections Accounts Bank ccasing to
be an Eliible Institution shall be paid by the Servicer. The replacement cost píd by
the Servicer will not be set of against the Fund.

37.23. — Contractual Documents and files

The Seller shall ensure the safeksping of the Contractual Documents xelating to the
Purchased Reccivables and make available to the Servicor all such Contractual Documents
he Servicer may require in accordance with section 3.1.7 of the Additional Building Block

3712.10. . Management of he files
(2) Mom Servicer Report

The Servicer shall provide the Management Company with the Momhly Servicer
Report on cach Monthly Reporting Date before 10:00 am CET

The Momhly Service Repor will detal on a loan-by-loan basis al cash low related
to the Purchascd Reccivables during the previous Collection Period. lt will include,
inter li, ho following information a oh relevant Cut-O4f Date ín relation o cach
Client Account: () the applicable Instalment i) the Outstanding Principal Balance:
(taking into account th Roscivables to bc purchased on the following Purchase Date
in the comext of Initial Transfers and Additional Transfers (f any)» (Gi) the
applicable interest rat; (iv) the aggregate amount of any unpuid Instalments in
relation to any Credit Card Agreement; (+) the amount collcted in the preceding.
Collection Period and (vi) information for the preparation of the statficaton tables
vwbich will be included in the Investor Report

The Monthly Servicer Report will be accompanied with the Enceypied Data File wit

respecto the relevant details af he Borrowers

The Servicer shall use reasonsble commercial endeavors to ensure that the
Management Company is providod with loan-level data in order for ho Management
Company to be sble to prepare and upload loar-lcvel data complying wit th lomn=
level requirements defined by the European Central Bani for Esrosystem Eligible
Collateral at the required frequency on the website o ho Europcan Data Warehouse
for so long as such requirement is efectivo and to the extent that it has such
information available.

ES


(6) Daily Payments Report

The Servicer shall provide the Management Company with the Daily Payments
Report on cach Business Day.

(e) Backup Copies

The Servicer shall rcain backup copics of all Monthly Servicer Reports and, as soon
as reasonably practicable upon receipt of  sriten request to that efec, provide to
he Management Company, with such back-up copies of the Monthly Servicer
Report

For bese purposes

Instalment means with respost to cach Credit Card Agreement and on any Instalment Due.
Date, the scheduled and unschoduled (in case of any prepayment or amicable recovery which
are paid by the relevant Borrower o the Seller with dirt debit on the basis Of mutual
agreement betcen the Sller and such Borrowcr) amount of principal and interest due and
payable (which is at least equal to the Monthly Interest Determination Date Minimum
Instalment) on such date in accordance with the terms of the Credit Card Agreement

Instalment Due Date means, vith respect to ach Credit Card Agreement, ho monthly date
as agreed Betwen the Seller or the Service, us ho case may be, and the Borrower from time
o timo, on which payment of principal and interest is due and payable

37211. Information
(a) Accessto Information

The Servicer shall, ls own cos and expense, and subjoet to reccpt of reasonable
prior writen notice lo ihat cfíect, permit lhe Management Company or any
professional agent appointed by it at all reasonable times, during normal business
hours and without significantly disturbing the activity ofth Servicr:

6) to access premises to verify, audit and inspet (x) al information, systems,
procedures (including, without limitaion, tho Servicing Policies), records
including, without limitation, computer records and books of records),
books, accounts and tho files maintained by it, relting to the Purchased
Reccivables andior (y) any system or procedures put in place or maintained
y the Servicer for ho purposes of complying with its obligations;

Gi) to inspect the electronic systems used by the Servicer, which, in the
reasonable opinion of he Management Company ar any person appoimted by
ia shal enable:

(A) the performance by the Service of lts underakings; and

mo


(E) — an appropriate idemifiation and individuslisaion of al! Purchascd
Rescivables and

(C) the Servicer to provide the Management Company with any
information whatsocver which itisentile t rccive; and

(Gi) to take such oler steps from timo lo time as they reasonablyAhink fit for the
purposes of veriying or oblaining any information concerning any of ho
Purchased Reccivabls and to discuss any matters relating to such Purchased!
Reccivables wit any of the offiers, employees or agents, including the
auditor, oh Servicer which have knowledge of such matters,

in cach case provided that

6) the above shall be cflected in terms which do not constitute a breach of
applicable data protection regulaions;

Gi) the Servicer ds entiled not to disclose the parts of the documents that tin
good fsth considers (A) as commercial sensitive information, (8) the
disclosure of which may result in reach of applicable laws and regulations or
(C) as not sricly relevant for the purpose of the Management Company
preserving or excrcising ts rights under the Purchased Roscivables and

(Gi) not more than one (1) audit csch year may be carried out by the Management
“Company, unless th Service is in breach oPany ofi obligations hereunder.

(6) Adéitical Information

The Servicer shall provide the Management Company vit sl! information that may
reosonably be requested by it in relation to the Purhascd Reccivables or that the
Management Company may reasonably decm necessary in order to Gai as
bligations, but only if such information is requested (a) in order to cnable the
Management Company to prescrve or exercise the rights of ho Nateholders or other
Fund creditos, (b) in order to cnable the Management Company to perform is legal
“and contractual dutcs, () following a request from the Relevant Rating Agencies or
(in the context af th liquidation of the Fund following the occurrence of a Fund
Liquidation Event

(e) Personal Data rating to Purehasod Reccivables

6) The Servicershall lil (and o ensure that any affected subiontractors ll,
i£ applicable) all legal obligaions in force in data protection matters, to
particularly include those established in Organic Act 15/1999, of 13
Desember, on Personal Information Protection (Ley Orgánica 15/1999, de 13
de diciembre, de Protección de Datos de Carácter Personal), holding the



0)

0)

0)

Fund harmless from any loss and damage that may arise from a breach of
such obligsions.

The Sorvicr (or any olher delegates or Sub-Contractors of the Service GP
any)) shall deliver to ho Management Company on th Fund Incorporation
Date, and hercañir on cach Monthly Reporting Date, through an electronic
transfer, the Encrypted Data File containing the data in respect of () cach
Borrower for cach Purchascd Reccivables idemificd in he Itest Sale Ofer
and () cach Borrower o an outstanding Purchased Reccivable (including for
cach Purchased Reccivabl, hc name, postal address, identification number.
af the relevant Credit Card Agreement and contact details of the relevant
Borrowers) held by the Seller (as originator of he Purchased Reccivabls)
and considered as personal data under the Spanish applicable laws and
regulations relating to data protection. The Manegement Company shall keep
he Enceypted Data File in safe custody and protect it against unauthorised
access by any third paris but will not be able 10 access the dat without ts
Decoding Key.

In addition, the Servicer (or ny other delegatos or Sub-Contactors o the
Servicer (if any) shall deliver to the Data Protection Agent, on the Fund
Incorporation Date and thercatcr on cach date when such Decoding Key is
amendod, the Decoding Key, which will be deposited in a notarial decd of
deposit (acta de depósiio) or Uough any other means agrecd by the
Management Company and the Da

Protection Agent from time o timo.

Protection Agent shall:

(A) boldin deposit the Decoding Key which shall be required to decrypt
the information contained in any Encrypted Data Fl and

(8) > carefully sufeguard cach Decoding Key and protect it from
vunauthorisod access by third parties and shal not use the Decoding.
Key fois wn purposes

The Data Protection Agent shall only disclose the Decoding Key to the
Management Company upon request by the Management Company
following the occumence of the events forescen in Section 373 of the
Additional Building Block

The Servicer and the Management Company may amend the provision and
procedures forescen regarding personal data iP necessary or advisble to
omply with Spanish ata protection bligations rom time to time.

en


372.12. Renegotiations, Waivers or Arramgements affecting the Purchased
Reccivables

(a) Introduction

The Servicer may amend the terms of any of the Purchased Receivabls subject to
“nd in accordance with this section 372.12.

(6) SellerDilutions

The Seller has undeniaken o pay to the Fund all Seller Diltions with respeet to any.
Purchased Reccivable arising from Performing Clic Accounts in accordance with
tc provisions of section 33.1.10 the Additional Building Block.

(6) Renegotiasons, Waivers ar Arrangements affcting the Purchasod Reccivables

The Servicer shall be enttlcd o agrec o any terninaton, amendiments o variation,
which by way of written agreement and exercise any right o termination or waiver,
in relation to the Purchased Reccivables fsuch amendment, variation, ermination or
vwaiver is in accordance will tho terms of the Sevicing Policies.

Nowwithstanding the foregoing, if he effect of any such amendment, variation,
terminatiom or vaiver results in a write-obPor the forgivencss of whole or pat of any
Outstanding Principal Balance of a Purchased Reccivabl relating to a Performing.
Client Account, lhe Servicer cannot agree 1o any such amendment, variation,
ermination or waiver except if

6) at the clection of the Seller, cither he Seller repurchases the relevant
Purchased Reccivable in accordance wi the provisins in section 33.1.10
(c) of the Additional Building Block or, altematively, such write-ofT or
forgiveness is fully mitigatod by th payment of the corresponding Seller
Dilutions by the Seller; and.

Gi) the Sellerandhe Servicr are the same ei
(dr Breachof Undentakings and Remedios

In the event that to Seller or the Servicer waives or rencgotiates the terms of any
Purehased Reccivables in breach of the underakings given by itself in its capacity as
Seller or Services, as applicable, then the provisions of paragraph (4) of section
331.10 of Additional Building Block shall sply.

32:13.  Servicing Policis

(a) Mitigation oPrisk via recovery of bad debis


The policies and serviing procedures oulined in this sction apply o al credit cards
managed by the Seller (including both securitsed and non-sccuritised credit cards)
These policies and scvicing procedures are reviewed anmally and are updated
accondingly if they need change (subjcot to th internal prior approvals that are
required) The Seller caries out specific control and management

payment. The actual dobt recovery actions are ouisourced to a number of speciaised
service providers This notwithstnding, the Seller has an in-house tcom dedicated to
recovery-telted mates (the Recovery Department) entrusted with the allocation of
transaction to the various debt recovery third party specialists and with the on-oing.
monitoring of cir performance. The Seller also decides when lt is appropriate to
tar Itigtion proccedings. The debt recovery process is caried out in tree (3) key
stages explained below, in sl! caes he Credit Card is automatically blocked (so that
o furor drawdowns are possible) in order to avoid an increase in ho Borrowers
red risk

l cases of non

(1) Anticipation. At his stage, action s taken regarding Borowers who falto
ay thcir first Istalment, altempting to remedy the situation. Actions taken
are simed at obisining a fall or partial payment and include the re
presentation of the Reccivablos for payment by direct debi, reinancing
proposal and cventually partial werie-of

(2) Recovery. At this stage, action is taken regarding Borrowets who have!
missed wo (2) or more than wo (2) monthly Instalments (which do not nced
to be consecutivo), The recovery action taken difTers depending on the type
af Borrawer and hise payment record (historial de pagos”) with the
Seller, establihing a scgmentaon of Borrowers which helps optimising
recovery cffors, Actions taken are aimed at obtaining a full or partial
payment and include the re-presentaion of he Reccivables for payment by
direct debit, rfinancing proposa (such as the adjustment oS the monthly
instalment in an amount at least cqual to the minimum contractual instalment)
“and cventually partial wrie-ofs of interest and fees (but not of principal).

(8) — Contentious. At this stage, action is taken regarding Borrowees who have!
missed six (6) monthly Instalments (which do not need to be consecutiv), at
which point in time (asa general rule) ll debt is accelrated and legal action
(including the possibility o initiaing legal procccdings before the cours) is
taken

The Sellers recovery poliey takes into account both cost optimisation and. the
outcome of the recovery as ellas the risks inherent to hc same, particularly from a
reputatonal perspective; in his regard, the Seller stablishes the safeguards necessary
o make it possible to mitigat this risk via thorough quality and customer service

20


Dawing cach of hc phases of he recovery process, management thereof is asistd by
A decision-assstance system (so-called "syatema experto”). This system for instance
asssts in the alloction of transaction smong the different recovery phases otlined
below ori he automatic delivery of direct ebitremittances

The debt recovery process followed in cach phases is described below, concentrating
he greatest efforts in ho first phases, in which the efficiency of ho debt recovery
actions is great:

(1) Anticipation: Añer the first instalment is unpuid, customers are assigned a
score af ist deflt according to cetin variables ht terminos th type of
actions to be taken and the company in charge of mamsing the recovery
process:

+ External management with Cetelem. Telephone call, sending lets
and negotiaion.

+ External management by othr debt collection companies. Telephone.
calls, sending lets and. negotation. The files are assigned to
extemal companies based on the score assigned to he client

+ Informativo management: Only sending Ieters and automatic text
messages (SMS).

In adáiion to the frogoing, in case a reccivable presented for payment by
dret debitsretumcd, its re-ent for payment by dirt debit

In all cases, upon breach of payment to credit card is blocked for use in
order to preventa subsequent use hereof. The blocking takes place upon the
first instalment being unpald,

(2) Recovery: Ifañcr the initial iforts mado in the Anticipation phase ts not
possible ta find an amicable repayment solution with the client, the case goes
lo the Recovery phase, in which tho clieis are separated in diferent
pontolias that are sent to estemal companies and Catelem. The files are
assigned to external companies based on the score assigned to the client,

These files are managed by the external companies during thros months,
being th function of the Recovery Department the control and monitoring of
he managenscnt performed by them

+ Daily analysis ofthe main indicators
+ Daily checks on the quality ofthe recovery
+ Revicwandanswer ofincidents and customer comple

0.


In addition, periodic commínices ae formalized in which the management is
evaluated and the objectives ac established.

Añtr three months without being able to recover the clients debt, the
Recovery Department makes a portfolio allocaton to different companies
(based om he client scoring in order o improve the recovery efficiency

1£ finally its mot possible to solve the default station during the following.
two months, he client is passed to the next phas:.

(6) Contentious: Once six(6) monthly Instalments are missed (asa general rule)
and once the previous phases of ftiendly recovery of debt have been ialisd,
“il deb s acceleratd, The files ae assigned to extemal companies based on.
he score assigned to th client or periods of 8 months, añr which, f the
deb has not bcen recovered, ho file is reossigned to another company.
Actions taken during this phase can include the initstion f legal proccedings
before th court. The recovery phases and sirategie, a well as the outcome.
f the same, are reviewed peridically by the Risk Comites in order to
úptimise both the associated costs nd the ouicomes and inherent risks.

(6) Payment protection insurance

While not a debt recovery tool as such, in the even the Borrower has taken out an
Insurance Policy in connection with the Credit Card, híshe can present the necessary
documentation to justiy the claim via the insurance broker (depending on the
Insurance Policy in question, the cover may include death, permanent disabiliy,
complet incapacty, employment te). Once the documentation supplicd has cen
reviewed and the insurance cover has been confirmed, the insurance company pays
he amount sípulated according 0 the Insurance Policy and th type of claim to (|
he Soller directly in order to ofset the Borrowers outstanding deb, where the Seller
is named as the bencfiiary thereunder o (it the Borrower, where the Borrower is
named as the beneficarythercunder.

In any event, th Seller does not enforce or actively seek payment by the insurance
jon irvespective of whether ts named as the

companies of th Insurance Indemnió
beneficiary hereunder or not.

(6) — Refinancing and waite-o!P

“As part of le bad debt recovery process and once the customer has been assesed, in
certain cases the Seller uses debtrefinancing and write-ofs (which in the Contentious
phase can include wrie-ofÉs of principal) as part of ts Sevicing Policies. Debt
refinancing and write-0fÉs can take place within any of the debt recovery phases
ullined above (and on an exceptional basis, debt refinancing can take place in
1 to Performing Client Accounts where the customer is undergoing fnanci
difficulties, as a precautionary measure). The Servicing Policies, following regultory

se


guidelines, are approved by the Board of Directors of the Seller and carried out in
“accordance with the procedures validated by th Risk Comite that are reviewed!
periodiclly in order o ensure that hey a valid and up-to-date

(d) — Amendmentso th Servicing Policies

The Seller may change its Servicing Policies if'such chango is made applicable to the
«comparable segment of revolving credit accounts owned and serviced by th Seller

(e) Management ol fraud

The Fraud Prevention Department of the Seller manages all frauderclaed issues
regarding both the origination process and the use ofthe credit cards.

Fraud management is also assisted by the decision-asistnce system C'systema
experto"), which categorsos unusual customer behaviours or transactions or which do,
ot correspond o hc normal use oS the credit card by he customer, including the use
df he credit card in stores or merchants considered as higheisk or n which here is
an increase in the mumber of fraud cases. This catogorisation allows Ahe Seller to
verify with the relevant customer those transations in respect of which there are
signs of potential fraud, by means of the delivery ofalr notice,

Any fraudulent or unauthorised transaction notified by a customer is managed
through th relevant payment system.

In addition to the foregoing and in accordance wilh applicable laws, th Seller ses
a telephone mumber available 24 hours any day to allow customers to request the
cancellation of th credit card in cas of loss, theft or any other circumstane which
he customer believes may posea risk

372.14. Remunerations
(a) ServicerFce

In consideration for the services provided by the Servicer with respect to the
outstanding Purchased Roccivables (or any other delegates or sub-contractors of the
Servicer (any) to the Fund, the Fund shall pay to the Service a fos cqual to 1.6%
per anmum (exclusive of VAT) of the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Client
Accounts service by the Sericer and calculated by the Management Company at the
beginning of the relevant Collection Period (the Servicer Fee).

The Servicer Fee shall be paid in arrcars on cach Monthly Payment Date in
“accordance with and subjest to the applicable Priority of Payments

6


(6) Costs and Expenses

The Servicer sall not be entitled to rcimbursement by the Fund of any cost, claim,
Habiles or other expenses incured o sufired by it in relation o the performance of
its obligations.

3772.15. Servicer Termination Events Termination of appointment - Substitution
(a) Servicer Termination Events

Within sixty (60) calendar days afcrthe occurence of a Servicer Termination Event,
the Management Company shall terminate the appoiniment of the Servicer and
appoint a replacement servicer in accordance wih paragraph (c) debajo de (the
Replacement Servicer). Until such moment, the Service shall continue providing
he relevant services (other than the cash management) as services provider. This
should be understood without prejudice to the condition of Master Servicer of the
Management Company pursuant to article 26.1) of Law S/2015, For these purposes,
¡Servicer Termination Events means any of the following event:

Lo BreschofObligaons
Any breach by the Servicer of:

6) any ofits material nor-monctary obligations (other han th filue o provide
he Monthly Servicer Report to ihe Management Company) under any
Programme Document to which it s a party (except if the breah is due to
force mejeure) and such breach is not remedicd by the Service svithin ten
(10) Business Days (or within fifcen (15) Business Days th breach ls due
o tech
reach andíor receipt of notification in witing to the Servicer by the

1 reasons) aer he calir o he date on which is aware of such

Management Company to remedy such breach; or

Gi) amy fla to transfer monies to the General Account on th Business Day
following the date on which such monis ar received by the Sellr and such

ye is not remedied by the Service within treo (3) Business Days añer

he carlir of the date on which it is aware of such bresch and/or reccit of

notification in writing to the Servicer by the Management Company to
remedy such breach; or

(Gi) subject o (ú) above, any of lis monctary obligtions when due under any
Programme Document to which it s a party (except if the breach ás due to
force majeure) and such breach is not remedicd by the Servicer wihin five
(5) Business Days (or within ten (10) Business Days ¡he breach is dueto
technical reasons) aer the carlicr of ho date on which it is aware of such
reach andíor seccipt of notification in witing to the Servicer by the
Management Company to remedy such breach:

a


(Y) any of the representasions or warrantics made or given by th Servicer under
any Programme Document to wbich lt ás a par or in any cenifcate
delivered puesuant to the Programme Documents to which it is a pary ds
materally false or incorrect in any material respect and, where such
materally false or incorect representtion or warranty con he corrected or
remediod by the Service, is not corected or remedied by the Servicer sitin
en (10) Business Days (or wihin fiien (15) Business Days fte breach is
dueto technical reasons) ar the cartir o the date on which ts aware of
such misrepresentation analorrecipt of notification in writing to th Sevicer
by the Management Company to remedy such material false or incorrect
represento or warranty

2. Momhly Servicer Reports

The Servicor has not provided he Management Company with the Monthly Servicer
Report on two consecutivo Monthly Reporting Dates and such breach is not remedicd
within five (5) Business Day (or (within ten (10) Business Days ifthebreach is due to
force majeure or dus to technical reasons) following the second Monthly Reporting
Date.

3 Insolveney
Any ofthe following events occur in espect of the Servicer:

6) The Service is unable or admis inbility to pay lts debts as hy fal! due,
suspends making payments on any of lts debts or by reason of actual or
anticipated financial diíiclis, commences negotstins with one or more
fits creditor wáth a view o reschdiling any oPits indebtedness

(Except s provided below, any corporate action, legal proccedings or olher
procedure or ste taken in relation to:

(A) — a declaraion of insolvency (concurso), winding up, intervention,
dissolution, administration or reorganistion (by way of volumtary
arrangemen, scheme o arangement or otherwise) o he Servicr;

(8) — a composition, compromiso, assignment or arrangement with any
ereditr of the Servier being owed more than £15,000,000 or (i) a
number of ereditrs of he Servicer being owed in aggre
than €l5,000,000, in che case, by reason of actual or aticipated

difficult

finan

(C) the appointment of a liqidator, administrator judicial or oherwise)
compulsory manager or other similar oficer in respect of the
Servicer or any oPits asets;

a


(D) — the revocatin, withdrawal or suspension by th Bank of Spain o ho
license of the Servicer as an ERC or th taking of any discplinary,
resolution, recopitaliation or recovery action against the Servicer
úpursuant to Tegisaton implementing Directivo 2014/59/EU o the
Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2013, in any jurisdiction
vwbich has a material negativo cfet an the ability af th Servicer to
perform its obligations under any Programme Document; or

(E) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdition,
provided however that no Servicer Termination Event would have occurred if any

petition is frivolous or vexatious and is dischargod, stayed or dismissed within 30.
days of commencement

At any time 1) its or becomes unlawíul for such Servicr to perform or comply with
any or all of its material obligations under the Servicing Agreement or () any or sl!
of lts material obligaions under the Servicing Agreement arc nol, or cese to be,
legal, valid and binding (including as result o any act, omission,fuilur, default or
misconduct of he Service) and no appropriate solution are found within thiry (30)
calendar days betwcen the Management Company and the Servicr to remedy such
illegal, invalidty or unenforccabili

(6) Conditics fora Replacement Servicor
An entity may be appointed as Replacement Service only if

6) ix has experience adminitering reccivablos reasomably similar to the
Purchased Reccivables being administered by the Servicer in Spain or is able
o demonstrat that it has the capabiliy o adminiserreccivabls reasonably
similar to the Purchascd Reccivables being administeed by the Sericer in
Spain:

Gi) iv ás willig to enter into an agreement with the partics to the Servicing
Agreement (other ihan SC in ts capacity as the Servicer) which provides for
hc Replacement Servicer to be remuncrated a such a rate asis agrecd by the
Management Company but wbich docs not cxcced the rate then commonly
harged by providers o sevicing services and required o be provided by the
Servicer and is otherwise on substantially the same terms as those of the
Servicing Agreement;

(Gi) it has obtained and maintins in efect all authorisations, approvals, licences
and conseris required in connection with the Services;

7


(Y) it has sufficint resources for the proper performance by it of the Services
and

(0) the Relevant Rating Agencies ae notfid of such identification and intended
Appointment and they do not wilhdraw or downgrade the ratings then
assigned by to them on ho hen outstanding Notes.

The Management Company vil ensure that the process of scarch and appointment of
2d will
take into account amongs! others, the above-mentioned factors in order to ensure hat

he Replacement Servicr (as services provider) is open and competitive,

the Replacement Servicer is suitable and competent and able to perform the sevicing
functions in adiligen, eficient manner. This should bo undersood withost predice
o the condition of Master Servicer of the Management Company pursuant to article
26. b) of Law S/2015.

(e) Appointment of Replacement Servicer

The Replacement Servicer shall be appointed hy the Management Company by the
entry of he Replacement Service and the Management Company into replacement
serving agreement substatially n the same terms as the Servicing Agreement

The replacement servicing agreement should contain the terms and conditions of the
migration of the personal data from the Servicer to the Replacement Service,
including the delivery of all the documentation, records, data files and databases
related to the Roccivables and necessary fora proper servicing.

The termination ot appoiniment af he Servicer will become effective as soon as
he Replacement Servicer being appoimted has cffctively accopted to stat crming.
ut its duts. Until such moment, hc Servicer shall continue providing the relevant
services (other than the cash management) (as services provider), This should be
understood without prejudice to the condition of Master Sevice of the Management
Company pursuant to amtcle 26.1 b) of Luv 5/20.

The filure to replace the Servicer by a Replacement Servicer within sxty (60)
calendar days aÑcr the occurrence oa Servicer Termination Event shall constitute a
Revolving Termination Event

(é) — Bacleup sevicerfcilitator

Without prejudico o the condison of Master Sevicer of he Management Company
pursuant to article 26.1 b) of Law S/2015, upon the occurrence of a Servicer
Termination Event, the Management Company will cary out any actions required to
Find, select and appoint a Replacement Service (also as services provider), The
Management Company will make its best corts to find a Replacement Servicer
within sixty (60) calendar days from the date of the relovant Servicer Termination
Event,

350


The Management Company vil ensure that the process of scarch and appointment of
he Replacement Servicer is open and competitivo, and will take imo account,
“amongst others, the following factor in orde o ensure that the Replacement Servicer
is sutable and competen and able to perform the sercicing functions in a diligent,
efficient manner:

6) ix has experience adminitering reccivblos reasomably similar to the
Purchased Reccivables being administerod by the Servicer in Spain or is able
o demonstrat that it has the capabiliy to adminiserreccivables reasonably
similar to the Purchascd Reccivables being administeed by the Sericer in

Spain:

Gi) iv ás willig to enter into an agreement with the partics to the Servicing
Agreement (other ihan SC in ts capacity as the Server) which provides for
hc Replacement Servicer to be remunorated a such a rate asis agrecd by the
Management Company but wbich docs not cxcced the rate then commonly
harged by providers o sevicing services and required o be provided by the
Servicer and is otherwise on substantially the same terms as those of the
Servicing Agreement;

(Gi) it has obtained and maintains in efect all authorisations, approvals licences
and conserts required in connection with ho Seevices; and

(Y) ithassuficient resources or the proper performance by tofthe Services.

Once the most appropriate Replacement Servicer has been soletod, the formal
“appointment must take place in accordance sit the provisions in paragraph () por
encima de.

The replacement serv
he migration of the personal de
including the delivery of all the documentation, records, d
related to the Roccivables and necessary fora proper servicing.

¡green should also contain th terms and conditions of
from the Servicer to the Replacement Servicer,
files and databases

Transfer of monies

Upon the effective removal of the Servicer, if he retiring Servicer recives any
money arising from the Puchased Reccivables o olherwise, which money belongs to
he Fund or s to be paid to the Fund or ohervis, it will hold such money to the
order and for the boncfit of the Fund and will as soon as practicable upon reccipt
Ahercofand in any case within one (1) Business Day transfer he same o the Fund in
the General Account. This obligation hall be continaing for the retiring Service

3


0

0]

Fees

Upon effectiveness of the termination of he appointment of the Service by the
Management Company, th Servicer shall be emtilod to reccive the part of the
Servicer Fee accrued up to such date but t shall not be ent to any other or further
reimbursement or compensation. The sums so owed to the Service shall be puid by
he Fund on the dates on which they vould otherwise have been payable should no
termination had occured.

The costs and expenses related to Abe process of appointment of the Replacement
Servicer (but, fr the avoidance of doub, not the remuneration of the Replacement
Service) shall be borne by the etring Service, which shall not be entiled to sto
such amount with any amounts due by the Fund to the Servicer. Notwithstanding this,
in order to avoid any delays, the Management Company, at the expense of the Fund,
may advance any such costs and expenses and request subsequently Ahi
reimbursement by the retiring Servier

Return of Records

Upon termination of hc appoiniment of the Servicer by the Management Company,
he Servicer shall, at ts own costand expenses

6) as soon as reasonably practicable, provide the Replacement Servicr with the
information reasonably required in order to efectively transfer the srvicing
functions relating to the Purchased Reccivables and to ensure, namely, the
continacd performance of the Priority of Payments and in particular, the
payment of principal and interest ducto he Notcholders

Gi) as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver and make available to the
Management Company (ar any person appointed by i) the files delivered to
it by th Seller (if diffcrot from the Service), copics of all records
(including, without limitation, computer records and books of record),
comrespondence and documents in its posscssion or under ts control rlaing
vo Ae relevant Purchasod Reccivables and any sums and oler asscts, ¡Pany,
hon held by he Service on behalf o hc Management Company;

The Servicer shall exccute such documents and take such actions as th
Management Company may ressonably require for the purpose of enabling
the Replacement Servicer to comply with its bligations:

(Gi) as soon as reasonably practicable, take such further action as the Ma
Company (or any person appointed by it) may reasonably require for the
reservation of the rights of he Fund on the Available Collections to be
eredited om he General Account; and

52


(Y) permit the Mansgement Company to accede to, and at reasonable timos
ring business hours, any relevant information with respecto th Services
«allection and servicing procedures rating o hc Purehascd Reccivables.

3713.  Notficaton o the Borrowers and Insurance Companies

(a) — The Borrowers and the Insurance Companies shall be notificd of he transfer of he
Purchased Reccivables as soon s practicable:

6) apon the occurrence of he Servicer Termination Event

(in any other circumstances where th Servicer, with the prior consent of the
Management Company, considers such notification necessary or desiable for
he maximisation of Abe recoveries under the Reccivables a the Insurance
Indemnifictons.

(0) Inany of he scenaris described above, he Management Company shall bo entitled
o request the Data Protection Agent to provide the Decoding Key of the Encrypted
Data File in oder to be abl o acces to th dat included thrcin

(<) — The Management Company shall be entitled to notify (or cause to be notificd) the
Borrowers and the Insurance Companies to make al payments in relation to the
Purchased Reccivables or the Insurance Indermifiatios, as aplicable, dirccly on
he General Account or on any other Fund substitute ban account held and operated
by any authorised credit institution having the Account Bank Required Ratings in the
vent of he substituion and replacement of th Issucr Accounts Bank puesuant to the
rms st ost in section 34.5 ofthe Additional Building Block.

(8) Any costs and expenses aisng from the notification 06 the transfer a do Purchased
Rescivables upon the occurrence of  Servicer Termination Event shal be borne by
he etiing Servicer. Notwithstanding this, in order to avoid any delays, the
Management Company, a the expenso of the Fund, may advance any such costs and
expenses and request subsequentl tir rcimibursement by the retiing Service

Regarding such costs and expenses arsing from th notifiatio 0 the transfer of he
Purchased Reccivables according to paragraph (P) above, they shall bo borme by tho
Fund.

(c) — Inadditio, if and when ho Servicor is requested to confirm or state the capacity in
vwbich ts administering and sevicing the Purchascd Roccivables and related mates
by any Borrower or any third party (including a Spanish couri) and to whom the
Service is obliged by la 1odisclose such information, hc Service shall confirm or
ate that dt is acting in ts capacity as servir of the Purchascd Reccivables and!
related matters as agent for and on behalf o he Fund and not on its ven behalf

ES)


38

ade

(0 Pursuant to articles 1,527 and 1,198 of the Civil Code, until the moment of
notification to the Borrowers andor the Insurance Companies, as applicable, (1) they
vil be dischargod of thcir payment obligaions by paying the Seller, and () the
Borrowers andíor the Insurance Companies, as applicable, will have the right to set
ff against the Seller their payment obligations existing before the transfer and those
vwbich came into existence añr the transfer until the date they were notifica. lfnotice
af ho transfer is served on the Borrower andír th Insurance Company and any of
hem opposes to th transfer, then ho Borrower andior the Insurance Company, as
applicable, vil only ke<p the right to se off payment obligaions xisting before the
notice but mot those which are posterior

"Name, address and brief description of any swap, credit, liquidity or account transaction
counterparty

The Hedging Counterpartytis) under the corresponding Hedging Agreement entered into by
he Fund in respect of any Note Series and thcir corporate details shall be specifcd in the
applicable Issuing Document prepared in rlation to such Notes Series

SERVICIOS FINANCIEROS CARREFOUR, EFC, S.A. imtervenes as Expensos
Subordinated Facility Provider, Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider,
¡General Reserve Subordinatod Facility Provider and Seller Interes Facility Provider.

BANCO SANTANDER, S.A. inervenes s Issuer Accounts Bank and Paying Agent

Details of th full name, address and brief description of he above entiis is included in
section 52 ofthe Registration Document

POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION

Indication of whether or not it intends to provide postissuance transaction information
regarding securitics to be admitted o trading and the performance of the underly
collateral. Where the issuer has indicated that it intends to report such information,

will be reported, where such information can be
obtained and he frequeney with which such information il e reported

The information proposed to be provided añ the Fund Incorportion Date of the Fund is
described low

ALA. Isue, verificaion and upproval of amnual financial statements and other
“accounting documentation of the Fund!

For he financial year 2017 and thercaÑer, the annual report referrd in article 35.1 of Law
5/2015 containing, among ohers,h annual financial statements (balance sheet, profit 4 loss
account and Management Repori) and audit report of the Fund shall be submitted to the
CNMV within four (4) months ofthe close o cach fiscal year

ase


Additionaly, according to article 35.3 oP Law 5/2015, he Management Company will present
he Fund's quanrly financial statements to the CNMV aithin two (2) months of the end of
act calendar quamtr.

For these purposes, Management Report mcans the management pot prepared by, the
Management Company.

4.12. Obligations and periods envisaged for making periodic information on the

financial and economic situation of the Fund available to the public and the

The Management Company shall submit quancely to the CNMV the intrim financial
information of the Fund, in the tcrms and formats prescribcd by Cireular 22016.

4.13. Other ordinary and extraordinary disclosure obligations and material disclosure
requirements

ie notification

The Management Company shall make available two (2) Business Days prior to cach
Monthly Payment Date the detailed investor report (Investor Report) on th basis of the last
information received from the Servir.

The Investor Report will provide the relevant information to investors (including the Note
Series Noteholders) including deta with regard 10 the portfolio of he outstanding Purchased!
Rescivablesas well as tho related information wit regard to th payments to bo made on the
following Monthly Payment Date under the Notes and an overview of the retention of the
material net economie interes by the Seller (in compliance with anile 405 of he CRR).

In addition, the Fund, in light of the information provided by the relevant appointed lead
managers, shall dislose in ho fest Investor Report following the issuance of a new Note
Series, hc amount of Notes ahich a:

(a) retsinedby the Seller

(6) placed wittany investor which s not the Seller;

(c) placed with any invesor which s not within the S

Ale group.

Each Investor Report will contain a glossary ofth defind terms used here.
The Investor Report will communicate to the Notsholders as established in section 4.133
infra and alo provided 0 the Paying Agent, and (where applicable), AJAF, MARE or any
¿lherregulated or unregulated market (as aplicable) and IBERCLEAR.

Once made available, he information contained in cach Investor Report will remain available
“umi the date the last Note of the relevant Note Series isredcemed in fal.

ass


The Sellerhas undertakon to:

(a) priorto the Issue Date of any Noto Seris, make available in relation 1h Puchased
Reccivables detailed summary statistics on hc Purchased Reccivables at the last Cut-
OH Date to enable investors or third pary contactor to build cash low model
Seting out the transaction cash Mows; and

(0) from the Issue Date of any Note Seris until redemption in full of he Notes of such
Note Series, make available updates to such information ona periodic basis

In addition, he Management Company shall provide in cletonic form the Relevant Rating
Agencies with the data specific above reling to the Fund as may be agrecd between the
Management Company and the Relevant Rating Agencics from time to time and as may be
required under th applicable laws and regulations.

Furthcrmore, for so long as any Notes of any Notes Seris remain outstanding, during the
period betwcen the Determination Date and the Monthly Payment Date (unless such dates fall
na bank holiday in Madrid, in which case they will change to the following Business Days)
“and at cast one (1) calendar doy in advance of cach Momhly Payment Date the Management
Company undertakos to provide the notics described below to (where and as applicable)
ALAF, MARF or any other regulated or untegulated market and IBERCLEAR:

(a) the Interest Rate om th Notes ofeach Notes Series for the current Interest Period;

(0) the repayment of the principal of he Notes of each Notes Series for the current
Interest Period;

(0) the actual average prepayment ratos o he Reccivables, as of hc Determination Date

corresponding to the Payment Dat in question;

(d) the average residual life of he Notes of cach Notes Series calculated puesuant to the
“assumptions regarding such actual average prepayment rate:

(e) — the Outstanding Principal Balance of cach Note of cach Notes Series (after the
repayient to bo made on the Payment Date in question), ad the percentage that such
Outstanding Principal Balance represents of the total initial face value of cach Note of

cach Notes Series

(0) the amownts outstanding for matured prncipalnterst payments on the Notes af cach
Notes Series

(E) the Interest Rates resulting for th Notes for he following Interest Period:

356


In addition, as provided in scction 4.12 above, the Management Company shall submit
quarerly to the CNMV 1h interim financial information of the Fund, in ho terms and
formats prescribe by Circular 2/2016, of the CNMV,

In addition, this Base Prospectus, any Prospectus Supplement and any Isuing Document in
espect to cach Notes Series, the Decd of Incorporation and any other public decds granted
subscquently and the annual and quartrly report refered in anticlo 34 of Law 5/2015 may be
úonsulied on the wcbsite ofhe Management Company (xowwimtiulizcion.com),

Th notces will be provided according to the provisions of section 4.1.3.3 below

4132. Extraordinary not

The following vil be subject to extraordinary notification to Noteholders

(2) Any amendment to the Deed of Incorporatio. Such amendiment vil als be reported
to he Relevant Rating Agencies.

(0) the Management Company shall forbwith notify any particularly material event
affoting the Reccivables and the Notes (including in hosc cases forescen under
ancle 36 of Law $/2015), Particulariy material events for the Fund shall be decmed!
do be those likely to have a material adverse eficct on the Fund's abiliy to make
payments om the Notes

In particular, any material change in the Decd of Incorporation, as th case may be,
any significant modification oS the sscts or labiltics of the Fund and in the event of
termination of the incorporation of the Fund or a possible decision for Early
Liquidation of hc Fund and curly redemption for any of hc reasons envisaged in ho
present Base Prospectus would have the consideration of material event. In this case,
he deed (acia) of termination of the Fund and liquidaion procedure followed as
efered to in section 44. of ho Registration Document will be sent to the CNMV
and the Relevant Rating Agencies.

4133.

Noteholders notification procedure

The notifications hat the Management Company has to give to the Noteholders regarding the
Fund will e made as follows:

(a) — Ordinary notification

Ordinary noti

jon will be made through publication of an announcement cher

as


6) providedhat the Notes a listed in ALA, in the AJAF Daily Bulletin;
Gb provided that the Notes ae listed in MARE, in the MARF Daily Bulletin;

(Gi) provided hat the Notes are listed in any or egulated or unregulatd, in the
relevant mean applicable to such regulated or unregulated market mero the
Notes a listed; and

(Y) provided that ho Notes are not listed, through the Management Company's
website (www.imtitulizacion com)

In addiion, the Management Company or the Paying Agent con distribute his or
her information in the interests of the Noteholders through any other mens
replacing those described above or with similar characteristics, or through financial
market distribution chamnels and systems such as Reuters, Bridge Telerate,
Bloomberg or any other vit similar characteristics

Funticrmore, the Investor Report shall be made available to the Notcholders om ts
website (www. imtitulizcion.com) and/or through any of the other procedures set out
imhis section 4.1.33,

(6) — Estraordinary notifications

Extraordinary notification will be made through publicaion of an announcement

iberia,

6 provided that the Notes ae listed in ALA, the AJAF Daily Bull:

(provided that the Notes a listed in MARE, the MARF Daily Bulletin:

(Gi) provided that the Notes are listed in any other regulated or unregulated, the
relevant mean applicable to such reguated or unregulated market mero the
Notes ae listed,

or in such onher as may replace Ahm or with similar characteristics, or through
publication of an announcementin a widely cirulatod newspaper in Spain o cther a
general or business and financial nature or the Management Company's website
(www imtiulizacioncom), and, if applicable through tho fling of ho appropriate
relevant fact (hecho relevame) at the CNMV, such notifications being deemed
effetive om th date oS the abovementioned publication of announccment, which may
fall on any day ofthe year whether a Business or Non-Business Day (as sipulted in
hs Base Prospecta).

ES


(<) — Notficaions and other information

The Management Company may make notifications and other information of interest
available to the Nolcholder, through ts own Internet pages or oxher means of remote

transmission vih similar characteristics

This Base Prospectus has been endorsed on cach and every page and signed in Madrid, on behalf of
te Fund

Me José Antonio Trujillo dl Valle
Intermoney Titulización

259


SCHEDULE 1
GLOSSARY OF TERMS

“€* and “EUR” memns the single currency introduced at the third stage of European

Economic and Monetary Union pursuam to ihc Treaty cstablishing Abe European

Communitic.

“Accelerated Priority of Payments” means th ccclerted priority of payments se out in
section 34.72 0f the Additional Building Block.

ecelerated Amortisation Events” means, during the Programme Revolving Period or the
Programme Amortisaion Period, and a long as Rated Notes are outstanding, the occurrence
of any of the following events

(a) — a failure by the Fund to pay interes due in respect of any Class A Notes ofany Nate
Series or, ifihe Class A Notes of all Note Series have been redecmed in full, filre
by the Fund to pay interest due in respect ofany Class 1 Notes of any Note Series not
remedied within five (5 Business Days from the relevant Payment Date; or

(6). whenitisor will become unlewía for the Fund to perform or comply with any ofi
material obligtions under orán respect fe Notes: or

(e) a fire by the Fund to redee six (6) months prior o the relevant Notes Final Legal
Maturity Date any Class A Notes of th relevant Note Serie or, fhe Class A Notes
of all Note Series have been redecmed in ful, of any Class B Notes of the relevant

Noxe Series or

(d) the Management Company procceds to liquidate the Fund following the occurrence
of Fund Liquidation Event; or

(<) — om any Calculaion Date, the Management Company has determined that tbc
agregate of
6 thesumor
(A) — the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchascd Reccivables
(excluding the Non-Compliant Reccivables) under the Performing.

Client Accounts as of the immediately prior Cut-O1f Date to such
Calculation Dat: pls

(E) the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchased Reccivables
transferrd in the contest of Initial Transfers on the Purchase Date
prior o the Calculation Date minus

260


(C) — the Outstanding Principal Balances of any outstanding Purchased
Reccivables (other ihan ihose deriving from Defaulted. Client
Accounts or Non-Compliant Client Accounis) repurchased by the
Selleron such Calculation Dat;

Gi) the Unapplicd Revolving Amount to be credit o the Revolving Account as
af he next Monthly Payment Date immediately following such Calculation
Date (añr the application of hc Priority of Payments); and

(Gi) the amount standing o 1h credit of the Principal Account as of the next
Monthly Payment Date immediately following such Calculaion Date (aer
the application of he Priority of Payments),

is less than the Principal Amount Outstanding of al Note Serics as of he Monthly
Payment Dato immediately following such Calculation Date (taking into account any
redemption or isuance of Note Series to be made betwcen am or before the next
Monthly Payment Dato) muliplicd by the sum of (1) one (1) and (if) the Required
Sellr Share.

“Account Bank Agreement” means the account bank agreement dated 7 Apeil 2017 and
made betwcen hc Management Company and the Isucr Accounts Bank.

“Account Bank Required Ratings" macans in respect of any ctity the ratings at last equal

(a) assuming the Relevant Rating Agency with respect to any Rated Notes of any Note
Series is DBRS, a public rating of l least A (senior long term) or A (high) critical
abligatons rating) by DBRS or, in hc absence of a public rating, st least two of the
following ratings from bro of the folowing rating agencies

6) a shoreterm rating of at least F-2 and a longzicrm rating of a least A by
ich;
Gi) a shorttemm rating of at least A-2 and a long-term rating of at least A by

Standard 6 Poor's:

(Gi) a shortcrm rating OP at least P-2 and
Moody's and

longer rating of at last A2 by

(6) assuming the Relevant Rating Agency with respect to any Rated Notes of any Note
Series is Fith: F-1 by Pitch with espect 10 the shorterm Issuer Default Rating
(IDR) of such emity or A- by Fitch with respet to dh long-term Issucr Default
Rating (IDR) of such entity; and

En


(e) assuming the Relevant Rating Agency with respect to any Rated Notes of any Note
Series is Moody's: P2 by Moody's with respeet to the shortterm unsecured,
vunsubordinated and unguarantecd debt obligations o such entity; and

(d) — assuming the Relevant Rating Agency with respect to any Rated Notes of any Note
Serie is SEP: any applicable atins specified in hc las Prospectus Supplement

or such cther debt rating as determined to be applicable or agreed by cach Relevant Rating
Agency from time o time ad specificd in the last Prospectus Supplement

¿dditional Building Block” mcans the additional building block to the Securiics Note
prepared in accordance with Anmex: VIII to Regulation 809/2003,

.dditional Transfer” mens the transfer of any Eligible Reccivable deriving from a Credit
Card Agreement when, prior to the contemplated transfer and having regard to ho transfer(s)
which have already taken place between Seller and the Fund on any preceding Purchase
Dates, (2) 1he Fund s already the orwner of part of the outstanding amount due under certain
awings made by the coresponding Borrower under such Credit Card Agreement and (y) he
Rescivables under such Credit Card Agreement have not been previously repurchased by the
Seller

*Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price" means, on any Calculation Date and in respect o ll
Purchased Reccivable, the aggregate amount ol all Defered Purchase Prices which remain
“mpaid as of such Calcultion Dat

 seregate DPP Interest Amount” means the interest amount on the recorded Aggregate
Deterred Purchase Price as calculated by the Management Company on the Calculation Date
and equal to the product of:

(a) — the relevant Seller Share Interest Rate;
(0) the Aggregate Deferred Purchase Price as of he preceding Monthly Payment Dato;

(c) the day count fction corresponding to th ratio between () the actual effective days
in cach Interest Accrual Period and (4) a 360-¿ay year,

“and sound the resultant figure to Ah nearest cnt

For ese purposes, the term whil there is a Deferred Purchase Price shall be divided into
onsecutive interest acerual period (cach o he, an Interest Acerual Period) comprising the
days effetivly clapsed betucen cach Monthly Payment Date, including in cach Interest
Acerual Period th initial Monthly Payment Date and cxcluding the final Monthly Payment
Date. The fist Interest Accrual Period shall commence on the date on wbich there is 2
Deterred Purchase Price amount and end on the immediately following Monthly Payment
Date.

362


Dating the Programme Accelerted Amortisation Period, the Aggregato Deferred Purchase
Price shall not bear any interst and no interest amount shall be paid under the Aggregate
Detered Purchase Pri,

“Aggregate Outstanding Debt" means, in respect of any Purchased Reccivablos and any
Client Account, and on any date, the total amount due by the Borrower on such date,
including principal, interest and fees (whether not yet matured or overduc),

*Aggregate Repurchase Price” ruca, in relation to al the Repurchased Reccivables to be
repurchascd on a Repurehase Date:

(a) the aggregate of the Repurchaso Prices of such Repurchased Reccivables; plas

(6) — alladdiional,specifi, direct and indirect, costs and expenses incured by the Fund in
respect of the repurchaso of such Repurchased Reccivables and previously approved!
by the Seller excluding, for ho avoidance of any double counting, any tem already
included in the Repurchase Price.

“AJAF? means the Spanish AJAF Fixed Income Market, ALAE is a regulatod market
authorised by virtuc oc Ministry Order dated 1 August 1991 (Orden Ministerial de echa 1
de agosto de 1991, parla que se autoriza el funcionamiento del Mercado MAF de Renta Fija
«omo mercado secundario organizado no oficial de valores), as amended by vie of he
Ministry Order dated 27 July 1995 (Orden Ministerial de fecha 27 de julio de 1995, por la
que se aprueba la modificación de la autorización del mercado AJAF de Renta Fija como
mercado secundario organizado no oficial de valores, del Reglamento del citado mercado, de
los Estanios de la Asociación de Intermediarios de Activos Financieros (AAF) y se
“autorizan los Estatutos dela entidad a consiir AJA Mercado de Renta Fija, 54).

“AIFMR" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 231/2013, of 19 December
2012, supplementing Directivo 2011/61/EU of 1he Exropcan Partiament and of the Council
with regard to exemplions, general operating conditions, depositaics, leveage,transparency

and supervision.

“Allen 8 Overy" means ALLEN € OVERY,

“Amortisation Starting Date” or “Note Series 20xcyy Amortisation Starting Date”
means, with respecto any oustanding Noto Series, the cali of the following dates:

(a) — the applicable Scheduled Amortisation Starting Date; and

(0) the Monthly Payment Date immedistly following the occurrence of a Revolving
Terminstion Event oran Accclerated Amortsation Event

“Annual Payment Date" means during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme
Amortisation Period, the annual date faling on the 261h day which falls on a Monthly

268


Payment Date (subject o 1he Modified Following Business Day Convention) as specified in
he applicable Isuing Document

“Arrangers" means Banco Santander, SA. and Natiis in hir capacity as arranges of ho
Programme.

“Asnef” means the Asociación Nacional de Establecimientos Financieros de Crédito

sseL-Liability Mismateh Amount” mcons on any Calculation Date the positive difference
between (a) and (9) where:

(2) istheaggregate of (0,6, (), (1) and (y) beto

6) the Ouistanding Principal Balances of the Purchased Reccivables (excluding
any Non-Compliat Reccivables) under ho Performing Client Accounts as of
the immediately prior Cut-04% Date to such Calcultion Dat plus

Gi) the Ouistanding Principal Balances of the Purchased Reccivables transfer
in the context of Initial Transfers on the Purchase Date prior to the
Calculaion Date (included) minus

Gi) the Outstanding Principal Balances of amy outstanding Purchase
Reccivables other than those deriving from Defaulted Client Accounts or
Non-Complisnt Client Accouns) repurchased by the Seller on such
Calculation Dat: plas

(Y) the Umpplicd Revolving Amount (if any) that will be credited to the
Revolving Account on the Monthly Payment Date after such Calculo
Date; plus

(0) the amount tt vil be standing to the credit oh Principal Account on the
Monthly Payment Date añer such Calculaion Date (including any amount
reained on the Principal Account and recorded in the Principal Distribution
Ledger on such Monthly Payment Date).

(0) is the aggregate ol th Principal Amount Outstanding of ll Notes o al Note Series
(taking account any principal payments to be made with respect to ho Note Series to
be amortised or any Noto Series to be issued) on or prior to the Monthly Payment
Date añcr such Calculaion Date.

judit Report” means the Agrecd-Upon Procedures report produced by the Auditor for he
Management Company and the Joint Lead Managers regarding censin atributes of the
Rescivables in order to comply with the provisions o atico 22 of Law 5/2015. Audit Report
shall include the report dated 30 March 2017 prepared by the Auditor in connection with he
Dexd of Incorporaion of the Fund and ho first Notes Seres, and any updates af such report

208


and any other audit reports that may be produced in connection with Reccivables pooled in
e Fund from tim o time.

judited Portfolio” means the aggregate of the Reccivables audited by the Auditor from
which the Reccivables to be transfrred to the Fund on the Fund Incorporation Date (or, as
applicable, on any other Purchase Date during the lis the Fund) will be selected,

“Auditor” means MAZARS Auditores, S.L.

“Authorised Entiy(es)" means any third party ctityics) authorized by the Seller for the
relevant purposes (whther from the Seller's group ar not),

“Availability Period” means.
(a) with respect to the Expenses Subordinated Faciliy, the period commencing on the

Fund Incorporaion Date and ending on the last day of the Programme Revolving
Period;

(0) with respecto the General Reserve Subordinated Facility, he period commencing on
the Fund Incorportion Date and ending on the last day of th Programme Revolving.
Period;

(0) — wi respect to the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility, the period
commencing on the Fund Incorporation Date and ending on tho Fund Liquidation
Dato; and

(4) with respecto the Seller Interest Credit Faciliy, he period commencing on hc Fund
Incorporation Date and ending on he las day of hc Programme Retolving Period.

vuilable Amortisation Amount” mens, on cach Monbhly Payment Date during the
Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortsation Period, an amount equal to
he aggregat of

(2) the Available Principal Collections with respect to the Collection Period immediately
preceding such Monthly Payment Dat;

(0) the morts standing o the credit of the Principal Account as of the close of ho
immediately preceding Monthly Payment Date (añ the app
Priority of Payments), but cxcluding any amountsretined on the Principal Account
and recorded on the Principal Distribution Ledger for the purpose of payment on any
subsequent Monthly Payment Dato(s):

atom of ho relevant

(c) the Seller Diluions (ifany) paid on or prior to the Calcuation Date by the Seller to
the Fund in accordance with section 3.3.1.10 0 the Additional Building Block:

(é) the portion of the Aggregate Repurchase Price which cortesponds to the Outstanding
Principal Balances of the Repurehasod Reccivables with respect to Client Accounts

ES


«her han Defuuled Client Accounts in respoet of a Repurchase Date immediately
preceding such MomhIy Payment Date

(e) — the PDL Cure Amounts credited on such Momhly Payment Date to the Principal
Account by debit of th Interest Account in accordance with ho Interest Priority of
Payments;

(0) the Unapplicd Revolving Amount standing at he credit of the Revolving Account on
he preceding Monthly Payment Date (añ he application of he relevant Priority of
Payments) and.

(2) minus, as the case may be, the amount credito to 1h Interest Account puesuant to
item (1) of the Principal Priority of Payments on such Monthly Payment Date

“Available Balance” (Saldo Disponible) mean the positivo difference between the Credit
Limit on cach Client Account and ts Outstanding Principal Balence at any given time.

“Available Collections” means, on cach Calculaion Date, in respect of any Collection Period
immediately preceding such Calculation Date an amount equal to the aggregate of:

(2) the total aggregate amownts collected by the Servicer from the Borrowers (including
scheduled and unscheduled payments of principal, interest, area, late payments
Recoveries, and penaltis) with respect to the Purchased Reccivables during the
úColisction Period but excluding for the avoidance of doubt any insurance premia;

(6) any Insurance Indemmnifi

ions paid to the Seller under the Insurance Policies;

(<) — any Nor-Compliant Repurchase Amount (or, as the case may be,
indermity paid by the Seller to the Fund);

.y equivalent
(4) amy amount o be debited by the Management Company from the Commingling
Reserve Amount on that Setlement Date;

(<) — plus orminus, as the case may be, the Corccted Available Collections, provided that
te credit balance ofth Gencral Account is suffcien to enable such adjusiments

vuilable Distribution Amount” means:

(a) — on cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and tho
Programme Amortisation Period: the aggrogate of thc Available Principal Amount
and the Available Interest Amount; and

(6) om cach Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerted Amortisation
Period: the balance standing to the credit of the General Account (aÑce th transfer of
any amounis standing to the credit of the Revolving Account, the Principal Account,
he Interest Account, the General Reserve Account and the Spread Account but
before the application ofthe Accclerated Priority of Payments)

266


e vailable Interest Amount" mcans, on cach Monthly Payment Date and without double
ountng, the amount standing al hc credit o he Interest Account prior lo giving efect to tbc
relevant Priority o Payments and cqual to the aggregate ob

(a) — amy amount recorded on the Inrest Distribution Ledger in accordance with section
4: ofhe Securities Note to be paid by the Fund on such Monthly Payment Date
(excluding any amount recorded on such Interest Distribution Ledger for the purpose.
payment on any subsequent Monthly Payment Dates);

(6). the remaining portion of the Available Collections (air transfer of the Available
Principal Colictions on the Principal Account) credited to the Interest Account with
respecto hc Collection Period immediately preceding such Monthly Payment Date;

(c) the Hedging Net Amount and the Hodging Collaeral Account Surplus (if any)
received by the Fund pusuant to the Hodging Agreement)

(d) the Financial Income credited to the Issucr Accounts (excluding those from the
Hedging Collteal Accounts), fan):

(e) (5 the remaining portion of the Aggregate Repurchase Price with respect to any
Performing Client Account and () he Aguregate Repurchase Price with respect to
any Defiulted Client Account in respect of a Repurchase Date immediately preceding
such Monthly Payment Date;

(0 the Class C Spread Amount determined by the Management Company on the
Calculaion Date immediately preceding such Monthly Payment Date; and.

(E) subjectto paragraph (a) above, any other amounts standing to the credit of the Interest
Account as of the close of the immediately preceding Monthly Payment Date (aer
the application the relevant Priority of Payments),

provided that the Servicer has filed to provide the Management Company with the
Momhly Sorvicer Report within ¡wo (2) Business Days ar the relevant Monthly Reporting
Date the Management Company shall adjust th Available Interest Amount upon rescipt of
he relevant Monhly Servicer Report on or prior 1 the relevant Calculation Date

“Available Principal Amount” mans, on any Monthly Payment Date and without double
counting the amount standing at dh credit of the Principal Account prior to giving efect to
Abe relevant Priority of Payments and equal to th aggregate of

(a) — amy amount recordad on the Principal Distribution Ledger in accordance with section
4:83 of Securities Note to be paid by the Fund on such Monthly Payment Date
(excluding any amownts recorded on such Principal Distribution Ledger for the
purpose of payment on any subsequent Monthly Payment Dates);

367


(6) — the Available Principal Collections with respect to the Collection Period immediately
preceding such Monthly Payment Dat;

(e) the PDL Cure Amounts credted to the Principal Account by debit of the Interest
“Account in accordance with the Interest Priority of Payment:

(4) the aggregato oPthc Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounis (if any) of ll
Note Series issued on the Isue Date immediately preceding such Monthly Payment
Date añcrtho Fund Incorporation Date;

(e) — amy SICF Drawing Amount drawn under th Seller Credit Interest Facility on the
Setlement Date roceding such Monthly Payment Dat;

(0 the Unapplicd Revolving Amount standing at he credit of the Revolving Account on
he preceding Monthly Payment Date (añ he application of he relevant Priority of
Payments)

(2) the Seller Diluions (ifany) paid on or prior to the Calcuation Date by the Seller to
the Fund in accordance with section 3.3.1.10 0 the Additional Building Block:

(6) the portion of the Aggregate Repurehaso Price which cortesponds to the Outstanding
Principal Balances of the Repurehased Reccivables with respect to Client Accounts
«her than Defuuled Client Accounts in respcet of a Repurchase Date immediately
preceding such MomhIy Payment Date

6) subject to paragraph (a) above, any oler amounis standing to the credit of tbc
Principal Account as of the close of the immedistely preceding Monthly Payment
Date (añr the application of the relevant Priority of Payments),

provided that the Servicer has filed to provide the Management Company with the
Monthly Sorvicer Report within ¡wo (2) Business Days ar the relevant Monthly Reporting
Date the Management Company shall adjust the Available Principal Amount upon reccipt of
the relevant Monhly Srvicer Report on or prior 1 the relevant Calculation Date

“Available Principal Collections” means, on any Calculation Date, in respect of the
Collection Period immediately preceding such Calculaion Date, the par of the Available
Colisctions corresponding to:

(a) — the aggregate ofthe principal payments (including any prepayments) efectively paid
vvith respect oS the Performing Client Accounts in relation to the relevant Collection.
Period;

(6) amy amount which is coresponding to a principal component due to the Fund and to

e debited by the Management Company from the Commingling Reserve Amount om
the Setlement Dato following such Calculation Date;

268


(6) — the aggregate of ts principal component to be reccived on the Calculation Date in
connection wilh any Non-Compliant Repurchase Amount (or any part of the
equivalent indemnity paid by the Seller o the Fund) with respect to any Performing.
Client Account

(é) the portion of the Insurance Indemnifications pd by any insurance company to the
Seller in respect of Performing Client Accounts only and which corresponds to
principal (olher than any amounts referred to in (a) above) during the relevant
Collection Period:

(<) — plus or minus, as the case maybe, any Corrected Available Principal Collections
provided that the credit balance of 1h Principal Account is sufficint to enable such
adjustment

“Available Purchase Amount” means:
(a) — omcach Determination Date during the Programme Revolving Period, the sum of
6 theproductor:

(A) — The agregate ofi Note Series 20xx-3y Principal Ratio o ll Notes
Seris having a Scheduled Amoniation Starting Date occuring añer
he Monthly Payment Date following such Determination Date; and

(E) — the Available Principal Collections sith respect to the Collection
Period immediately preceding such Determination Date;

Gi) the Unapplicd Revolving Amount standing a the credit of Ahe Revolving
“Account as of lose of he preceding Monthly Payment Date

(6) othenvise,2ero(0),

“Base Prospectus” rucans the base prospectus prepared by the Management Company in
accordance with Regulation 809/2004, The Base Prospectus has bcen registered with the
CNMV on 6 April 2017.

¡ling and Delivery Agent” mcons Banco Santander, S.A. in connection with the fist Note
Serios issued by the Fund.

“Borrower” means, in relation to any Credit Card Agreement, the individual who has entered
into such Credit Card Agreement s principal obligor to the Seller.

cons a day which is a TARGET2 Business Day other than (5) a Saturday,
(Gi) a Sunday or (di) a public holiday in Madrid (Spain) or and (iv) as the case may be, any
hr day specificd in the corresponding Issuing Document

“Business Day Convention" means the Modified Following Business Day Convention

269


“Calculation Date" mcans the 0h (5?) Business Day before cach Monthly Payment Date
For clarifiation purposes, th first Calulation Date aer the Fund Incorporation Dat will be
19 June 2017.

“Calculation Period" means any period of time (from and including the fist day of such
period to but excluding the las) where an amount of intrest on any Note of ny Note Series
is calculated

“Capital Companies Law" means Royal Decrec Law 1/2010, of 2 July, approving the
onsolidated ext o the Capital Companios Law (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de
julio, por el quese aprueba el ers refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital)

“Cash Re-payment Option” mcans the single interestfros repayment (contado inmediato or
«contado fin de mes) option permitted under the Credit Card Agreements

“Certain Regulatory and Industry Diselosures” means section 4. (CERTAIN
REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS) of his Base Prospectas

“Charge Account” means the bank account associated with every Credit Card where the
amounts payable under a Credit Card Agrooment are dbited on a monthly basis by means of
dirt debi

“Charge Account Banks" means the Spanish financial institutions where the Charge
Accounts are opened inth Borrowers names.

“Circular 22016" means CNMV Circular 22016, of 20 April, on accounting standards,
annual. financial statements, public financial statements and comfidential statistical
information statements of Securitiation Funds (Circular 2/2016, de 20 de abril, de la

Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores, sobre normas contable, cuentas anuales,
estados financieros públicos y estados reservados de información estadística de los Fondos
de Titulación)

“Civil Code” mans the Spanish Civil Codo published by vinue of the Royal Decres of 29
July 1889 and the oh preparatory proviions

“CIT Regulations” means the Corporate Income Tax Regulations approved by Royal Decrec
634/2015, o 10 Jul.

“Class” means cach class of a Nate Series

“Class A Fixed Rate Notes” means the Class A Notes of any Noto Series which bear a fixed

Class A Floating Rate Notes” means the Class A Notes of any Note Series wbich bear a
Fosting interest at.

sm


“Class A General Reserve Ledger” means, with respec to the Class A Notes of any Note
Series, th ledgor which shall e established by the Manogement Company, acting for and on
behalf of he Fund, in order to record on any Monthly Payment Date the amount up to which
the General Reserve Account may be drawn on th following MonthIy Payment Date to make
up for any shortfal to satis he payment of cerzin items of ho Interest Priority of Payments
in accordance with ihe Interest Shortfal Priority of Payments or the Accclerated Priority of

Payments as applicable.

“Class A General Reserve Minimum Amount” nucans, on any Monthly Payment Date, an
“amount equal to th produet of

(a) — 0:50 per cent (or any olher percentage indicated in the last Prospectus Supplement;
and

(0) the sum of tbc Initial Principal Amount of the Class A Notes af all Note Series on
such dote (including the Iiil Principal Amount of the Class A Notes of any Note
Series to be issucd but cxcluding the Initial Principal Amount of the Class A Notes of
any Note Seris to be redcemed on such Monthly Payment Date), provided tha as
from the date on which the Class A Notes of ll Noto Series have fully redecmed,
such amount shall e equal to ero (0).

“Class A General Reserve Replenishment Amount” mcans, on any Monthly Payment Date
on which no new Note Serio s issued by the Fund, he difference (if positive) between (1) ho
Class A General Reserve Required Amount and (i) th credit balance of the Class A General
Reserve Ledger on such Monthly Payment Date (before the application of the applicable
Priority of Payments).

“Class A General Reserve Required Amount" means:

(a) omthe ist Notes Isue Disbursement Dat folowing ho Fund Incorporaion Date, an
amount equal to EUR 5,640,000;

(6) om any Issue Date when a new Note Series is issued, an amount as specific in ho
last Prospectus Supplement

(<) — on any Monthly Payment Date during th Programme Revolving Period and tho
Programme Amoriation Period, he maximum between:

6 theproductor:

(A) 120 per cent. (or any other percentage indicated in th last
Prospectus Supplement) and!

(E) the sum ofi Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes of

all Note Seres (aking into account the Class A Notes of any Note

m


Series o be issued andor to be redsemed on such Monthly Payment
Dato

Gi) the Class A General Reserve Minimum Amount

(4) on any Momhly Payment Date during the Programme Acceleated Amortisation
Period, he Class A General Reservo Minimum Amount

provided that all amounts of interest reccived from the General Reserve Amount and
standing, as the case may be, to 1h credit of he Gencral Reserve Account, shall not be taken

“Class A Hedging Agreement" mcans, with respect to he Class A Floating Rate Notes of
any Note Seris, the interest rate hdging agroement with rspect to such Class A Flating
Rate Notes which may be cmered ino betwcen the Fund and any Class A Hodging

Counterpary

“Class A Hedging Counterparty" means, with respec o any Class A Flating Rate Notes of
any Note Serios, he Eligible Hedging Counterpaty specific in any Issuing Document

“Class A Hedging Senior Termination Payment” means, on any relevant Monthly Payment
Date, the aggregate amount oF all Hedging Senior Termination Payments with respect to any
relevant Class A Hodging Agreements (any)

“Class A Hedging Subordinated Terminstion Amount” means on any relevant Monthly
Payment Date, the Class A Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment, determined by the

Management Company on th preceding Cale

jon Dat,

“Class A Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment” means, on any relevant Monthly
Payment Date, the aggregate amount of the Hodging Subordinated Termination Payments
with respect to any relevant Class A Hodging Agreements (Fany),

“Class A Monthly Hedging Net Amounts" means, with respect o a Monthly Payment Date,
he sum of all Class A20xxyy Mombhly Hodging Net Amounis determined by the
Management Company to be retained andior paid (as applicable) on such Monthly Payment
Date in accordance with hc applicable Priority of Payments

“Class A Noteholder" means any holder of any Class A Note

“Class A Notes” means ho senior assctbacked notes designed on
issued by the Fund,

las A issued or to be

“Class A Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount" mcans, with respeto a Monthly Payment
Date, the sum of all Class AZ0xx-yy Notes Monthly Amortsation Amounis determined by
ie Management Company, to be reained and/or paid (as applicable) on such Monthly
Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.

E


“Class A Notes Monthly Interest Amount” mcans, with espect to a Monthly Payment Date,
he sum of all Class AZ0xx3y Notes Monthly Interest Amount determined by the
Management Company, to be retained and/or paid (as applicabl) on such Monthly Payment
Date in accordance with he applicable Priority of Payments

“Class A Notes Principal Amount Outstanding" means, on any date he Principal Amount
Outstanding of any outstanding Class A Notes.

“Class A Notes Subscribers” means, with respect to any Class A Notes of a particular Note
Series, subscrbers of such Class A Notes

“Class A Notes Subscription Agreement" racans the subscription agreement for the Class A
Notes of any Note Series which will bo made betcen the Management Company, he Seller
lobal coordínators, lead managers, bookrunners, underwrtes or
subscribers. Each Issuing Document will provide detils of the names of the global
sontinators, cad managers, bookerunners o undenwritersappoimted in relation to th offering
and subscription a he Class A Notes of any Note Series.

and one or several

“Class A PDL Cure Amount” means any amounisretained tiem (5) o he Interest Priority
of Payments to cure any debit balance in respect o hc Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger

“Class A Principal Deficiency Ledger” nucans the sub-edger of the Principal Deficiency
Ledger establish and maintained by the Management Company in respect of the Class A.
Notes of any Note Series and which records certain amount as credit or debit entris in
“accordance with the terms of th Decd of Incorporation of the Fund,

“Class A20xx-3y Hodging Net Amount” mcans, with respect to the Class AZ0wx-3y Notes
of a Note Seris and with respec o any applicable Payment Date the Hedging Not Amount
with respect to the relevant Class A Hodging Agreement of such Note Seres 20xx-3y (any),
vwbich shall be paid to hs Hodging Counterparty

“Class A20xx-3y Monthly Hedging Net Amount” mcans, with respecto the Class AZ0xx>
yy Notes oa Nole Serie:

(a) — with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amortistion Period which is nota Payment Date for such Class

A0%x3y Notes, he aggregate of

6) the Class A20sx-yy Monthly Hedging Net Shortal! recorded on the previous
Monthly Payment Date (fany): and

6) the producto:

(A) — the Class A20xxyy Hedging Net Amount to be paid on the next
Payment Date; and

(E) the Note Series 20% Retention Ratio;

m


(6) with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amorisation Period which is a Payment Date for such Class

A0%x3y Notes, th aggregate of

6) the Class A20sx-yy Monthly Hedging Net Shortal! recorded on the previous
Monthly Payment Date (fany): and

6) the producto:

(A) — the Class AlOxx3y Hedging Net Amount to be paid on such
Payment Date; and

(8) — the Note Series 20%xx-yy Retention Ratio; and

(Gi) any hedging net amounts resined on the Interest Distribution Ledger with
respecto such Class AZ0xx-3y Notes since the last Payment Date (if any]

(e) — with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, the aggregate o:

6) the Class A20xcyy Hedging Net Amount to be paid on such Monthly
Payment Date;

Gi) om the fist Momhly Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amorisation Period, any hedging net amouns reained on the Interest
Distribution Ledger with respoet to such Class A20wx-yy Notes since the las
Payment Date (if ny); and!

(ii) on the fist Momhiy Payment Date of the Programme Accelrated
Amorisaion Period, the Class A20xx-yy Monthly Hedging Net Shortall
recorded on the previous Monthly Payment Date (¡Pany):

as calculated by the Management Company for such Monthly Payment Date (rounded to the
ncarest cent and incas of equal distance, rounding upwards)

“Class A20xx-3y Monthly Hedging Net Shortfall" means, with respect to the Class AZ0xx-
yy Notes of any Note Serios, the portion of the Class A20xx-yy Monthly Hedging Not
“Amount which has not been enticly retained on the Interest Account and recorded on the
Interest Distribution Ledger on any previous Monthly Payment Date since the previos
Payment Date for such Class A20xa<3y Notes.

“Class A20xx-3y Notes” means any Class A Notes issued in year *20xx" and corresponding
o he serios number yy" oPsuch year

“Class A20xx-3y Notes Interest Amount" means, wih respect to the Class A201x-yy Notes
of any Note Serios

mm


(2) — duringthe Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amoriation Period, ho
interest amount payable on such Class A20x-yy Notes on cach Payment Date:

(6) during the Programme Accclorated Amontisation Period, the interest amount payable
on the Class A20X1-yy Notes on cach Monthly Payment Dat,

as calculated by the Management Company on the basis of he Class A20xx-yy Notes Interest
Rate specific in he applicable Issuing Document

“Class A20xx-3y Notes Interest Rate” mcans the Interest Rate applic:
A20xxy Notes s specified in th applicable Issung Document

e o a given Class

“Class A20xx-33 Notes Monthly Amortistion Amount" means with respect to the Class
Al0xxcyy Notes ofany Norte Series

(a) — with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amortistion Period which is nota Payment Date for such Class
Al0%xx yy Notes:

6) with respect to any Monihly Payment Dato falling before lis Note Series
20xx-yy Amontisation Sting Date (excluded), zero (0)

Gi) with respect to any Monthly Payment Date faling on or añer ts Note Serios
201x-3y Amortisation Starting Date, ho less between:

(A) — the difference between (x) the Class A20wcyy Notes Principal
Amount Outstanding as of the close of the immediately preceding
Payment Date and (y) the pricipal amount retained on the Principal
Distribution Ledger for such Class AZUxx-yy Notes since the lat
Payment Date (if ny); and!

(8) — the Note Series 20xx3y Total Available Amortisation Amount to be
paid by the Fund on such Monthly Payment Date;

(6) with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amorisation Period which is a Payment Date for such Class
Al0x% yy Notes:

6) with respect to any Monthly Payment Dato falling before lis Note Series
20xx-yy Amontisation Starting Date (excluded), zero (0)

Gi) with respect to any Monthly Payment Date faling on or aer ts Note Serios
20%x-yy Amortistion Starting Date, hc aggregate of:

(A) the principal amoents retained on the Principal Distribution Ledger.
vvith respect to such Class AZOwx-yy Notes since the last Payment
Date (amy) and

ys


(8) the lesserbetucen:

- lie difference betwcen (x) the Class AZOxx3y Notes
Principal. Amount Outstanding as of the close of the
immediately preceding Payment Date and (y) the principal
“mount retained on th Principal Distribution Ledger for such
Class A20xxcyy Notes since the last Payment Date (f any):
and

= le Note Series 20xx-yy Total Available Amortisation
Amount to be paid by the Fund on such Monhly Payment
Dat:

(e) — with respest to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated
Amortisaion Period, th aggregate of:

6) the Class A20x<yy Notes Principal Amount Ouistanding as of the close of
he immediately precoding MonhIy Payment Dato; and

Gi) om the fist Momhly Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amorisation Period, any principal amounis retained on the Principal
Distribution Ledger with respoet to such Class A20wx-yy Notes since the last
Payment Date (áfany).

“Class A20xx-4y Notes Monthly Interest Amount” means with respeto the Class AZ0xx>
yy Notes of any Note Series:

(a) — with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amortistion Period which is nota Payment Date for such Class

A0xxyy Notes, he aggregate of

6 the Class AZOxeyy Notes Momhly Interest Shortfall recorded on the
previous Monthly Payment Date any); and!

6) the producto:

(A) the Class A20xx-yy Notes Interest Amount to be paid on the next
Payment Date; and

(E) the Note Series 20% Retention Ratio;
(6) with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period

and the Programme Amorisation Period which is a Payment Date for such Class
A0xxyy Notes, the aggre

6 the Class AZOxeyy Notes Momhly Interest Shortfall recorded on the
previous Monthly Payment Date any); and!

vo


6) the producto:

(A) — the Class A2Oxx3y Notes Interest Amount to be paid on such
Payment Date; and

(E) the Note Series 20% Retention Ratio;

(Gi) the interest amount recorded on he Interest Distribution Ledger with respect
o such Class A20xx-yy Notes since the las Payment Date (any)

(e) — with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, the aggregate o:

6) the Class A20=xyy Notes Interst Amount to be paid on such Monthly
Payment Date;

Gi) on the fist Momhly Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaon Period, any imerest amounts recorded om the Interest
Distribution Ledger with respoet to such Class A20wx-yy Notes since the las
Payment Date (if ny); and!

(ii) on the fist Momhiy Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, the Class A20xx-yy Notes Monthly Interest Shorfall
recorded on the previous Monthly Payment Date (¡Pany):

as calculated by the Management Company for such Monthly Payment Date (rounded to the
rest cent and incas of equal distance, rounding uprards).

“Class A20%xx-4y Note Monthly Interest Shortfall" cons, with respecto the Class AZ0xx>
yy Notes of any Note Seres, the portion of the Class A20xx-yy Notes Monthly Interest
Amount which has not bcn cntrely retained on th Interest Distribution Ledger on any
previous Monthly Payment Dato(s) since 1hc last Payment Date for such Class A20xx-yy
Notes.

Class AZ0xx-3y Notes Principal Amount Outstanding” means, on any date, the principal
“amount outstanding of th Class AZOwx-yy Notes.

“Class B

ed Rate Notes” mcans the Class Notes of any Note Seris which bear a five

Class B Flosting Rate Notes” means the Class B Notes of any Note Series which bara
Aosting interest at.

“Class 8 General Reserve Ledger” means, with respec to the Class B Notes of any Note
Series, th ledgor which shall e established by the Management Company, acting for and on
behalf of he Fund, in order to record on any Monthly Payment Date the amount up to which
the General Reserve Account may be drawn on the following Monthiy Payment Date to make

am


up for amy shortfal to satis he payment of cerain items of he Interest Priority of Payments
in accordance wi the Interest Shorfll Priority of Payments.

“Class B General Reserve Minimum Amount" means on any Monthly Payment Date
during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisaion Period (only), an

amount equal to th produet of

(2) the following applicable percentage:

6) 020 per cent. (or any olher percentage indicated in the last Prospectus
Supplement) if he Class A Notes oPal Note Seris have not een redeemed!
ina

Gi) 070 per cent. (or any her percentage indicated in the last Prospectus
Supplemen) f the Class A Notes of all Note Series have bcen fly
redecmed;

and

(0) the sum of tc Initial Principal Amount of the Class E Notes of all Note Seics on
such dote (including the Iiial Principal Amount of the Class 3 Notes of any Note
Series to be issued but excluding the Initial Principal Amount of the Class B Notes of
any Note Seris to be redcemed on such Monthly Payment Date), provided tha as
redocmed, such

from the date on which all Clas 13 Notes ofall Note Series have fal
“amount shall be equal o zero (0).

“Class B General Reserve Replenishment Amount" means, on any Monthly Payment Date
on which no new Note Serie s issued by the Fund, he difference (if positive) between (1) he
Class E General Reserve Required Amount and (i) th credit balance of the Class B General
Reserve Ledger on such Monthly Payment Date (before the application of the applicable
Priority of Payments).

“Class General Reserve Required Amount" means:

(a) omthe ist Notes lsue Disbursement Dat folowing ho Fund Incorporation Date, an
“amount equal to zero (0)

(6) om any Issue Date when a new Note Series is issued, an amount as specific in ho
last Prospectus Supplement

(<) — on any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and tho
Programme Amoriation Period, he maximum between:

6 theproductor:

(A) — the following applicable percentage:

E


(22) — 0.50 per cent. (or any olher percentage indicated in he last
Prospectus Supplement) if the Class A Notes of all Nate
Serie have not been redecmed in full or

(Bb) 1.00 per cent. (or any olher percentage indicated in he last
Prospectus Supplement) if the Class A Notes of all Note
Series have been fully redcemed;

and

(8) — the sumofthe Principal Amount Outstanding of he Class B Notes oP
“ll Note Series (including Principal Amount Outstanding o he Class
B Notes of any Note Series 10 be issued but cxcluding Principal
Amount Outstanding of he Class E Notes af any Note Serie to be
redecmed on such Monthly Payment Date);

Gi) the Class B General Reserve Minimum Amount;

(d) on any Momhly Payment Date during the Programme Acceleated Amortisation
Period, zro (0),

provided that all amounts of interest reccived from the General Reserve Amount and
standing, as the case may be, to 1h credit of he General Reserve Account, shall not be taken

“Class E Hedging Subordinated Termination Amount” sacans on any relevant Monthly
Payment Dat, the Class B3 Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment, determined by the
Management Company on th preceding Cale

jon Dat,

“Class B Hodging Agreement" means, with respect to ho Class B Floating Rate Notes of
any Note Seris, the interest rate hedging agreement with respeto such Class B Floting
Rate Notes which may be cntered into betwcen the Fund and any Class E Hodging
Comnterpaty

“Class 8 Hedging Counterparty" means, with respec to any Class loating Rate Notes of
any Note Serios, he Eigible Hedging Counterparty specified in any Issuing Document

“Class 18 Hedging Senior Termination Payment” means, on any relevant Monthly Payment
Date, the aggregate amount oF all Hedging Senior Termination Payments with respect to any
relevant Class B Hedging Agreement fan).

“Class B Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment” mcans, on any relevant Monthly
Payment Date, the aggregate amount of the Hedging Subordinated Termination Payments
with respect to any relevant Class B Hedging Agrecments (if any).

“Class 18 Monthly Hedging Net Amounts” mcans, with respec o a Monthly Payment Date,
he sum of all Class B20xx-yy Momhly Hedging Not Amouns determined by the

sm


Management Company to be retained andior paid (as applicable) on such Monthly Payment
Date in accordance with hc applicable Priority of Payments

“Class 8 Noteholder" means any holder any Class Noto,

“Class 1 Notes” means the mezzanine assc-backod notes designated on Class B issued orto
be issued by he Fund,

“Class 8 Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount” mcans, wi respeto a Monthly Payment
Date, the sum of all Class B20%x-3y Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount determined by the
Management Company, to be retained and/or paid (as applicabl) on such Monthly Payment
Date in accordance with he applicable Priority of Payments

“Class 8 Notes Monthly Interest Amount" means, with respect to a Monthly Payment Date,
he aggregate amount of all Class B20%x-yy Notes Monthly Interest Amount determined by
he Management Company, to be retained and/or paid (as applicable) on such Monthly
Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.

“Class 8 Notes Principal Amount Ouistanding" means, on any date, the Principal Amount
Outstanding of any outstanding Class B Notes.

“Class B Notes Subscribers" means, with respect to any Class E Notes of a particular Note
Series, ubscrbers of such Class B Notes,

“Class 18 Notes Subscription Agreement" mcans the subscription agreement or the Class
Notes of any Note Series which will bo made betcen the Management Company, the Seller
and one or several global coordinators, lead managers, bookrunners, underwrtes or
subscribers. Each Isuing Document will provide detils of the names of the global
sontinators, cad managers, bookrunners or undenwritersappoimted in relation to th offering
and subscription af hc Class Notes of any Note Seres.

“Class B Principal Deficiency Ledger” mcons the subledger of the Principal Deficiency
Ledger established and maintained by the Manegement Company in respect of the

Nous and which records certain amounts as credit or debi entris in accordance with the
ms ofihe Decd of Incorporaton.

“Class 8 PDL Cure Amount" mcans any amount retained at item (9) o he Interest Priority
of Payments o cure any debit balance in respect o hc Class Principal Doficiency Ledger

“Class B20sx-3y Hedging Net Amount” mcans, with espect to ho Class B20x1-3y Notes
of a Nate Seris and with respec o any applicable Payment Date the Hodging Not Amount
with respect o the relevant Class B Hodging Agreement of lhe Note Series 20xx-yy (Fany)
vwbich shall be paid to ho Hodging Countempant

“Class B20xx-4y Monthly Hedging Net Amount” mcans, with respect to the Class B20xx-
yy Notes of Note Serie:

300


0)

ol

(o

vih respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amortistion Period which is nota Payment Date for such Class
B20wx-yy Note, the agregate of

6) the Class B20xx3y Monthly Hedging Not Shorfal! recorded o the previous
Monthly Payment Date (¡fany): and

6) the producto:

(A) — the Class B20xx3y Hedging Net Amount to be paid on the next
Payment Date; and

(E) the Note Series 20% Retention Ratio,

vih respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amorisation Period which is a Payment Date for such Class
B20wx-yy Notes, the agregate of

6) the Class B20xx3y Monthly Hedging Not Shorfal! recorded o the previous
Monthly Payment Date (¡fany): and

6) the producto:

(A) — the Class B20xx3y Hedging Net Amount to be paid on such
Payment Date; and

(8) — the Note Series 20%xx-yy Retention Ratio; and

(Gi) any hedging net amounts resined on the Interest Distribution Ledger with
respecto such Class B20xx-yy Notes sine he last Payment Date (¡Fany)

vvith respect to any Momhly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, the aggregate o:

6) the Class B20xx-yy Hedging Net Amount to be paid on such Monthly
Payment Date; and

Gi) om the fist Momhly Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amorisation Period, any hedging not amouns reained on the Interest
Distribution Ledger with respecto such Class B20xx-yy Notes (if any)

(ii) on the fist Momhly Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, the Class A20xx-yy Monthly Hedging Net Shortall
recorded on the previous Monthly Payment Date (¡Fany),

as calculated by the Management Company for such Monthly Payment Date (rounded to the
rest cent and incas of equal distance, rounding uprards).

En


“Class B20xx-3y Notes" means any Class Notes issued in ycar“20%x" and corresponding
o he serios number yy" oPsuch year

“Class B20xx-yy Notes Interest Amount" means, with respecto hc Class B20wx3y Notes

(a) — duringthe Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amorisation Period ho
interest amount payable on th Class B20xx-yy Notes on cach Payment Date;

(6). during the Programme Accclorated Amortisation Period, the interest amount payable
on the Class B20xx-3y on cach Monthly Payment Date,

as calculated by the Management Company on the basis of the Class B20xx-yy Notes Interest
Rate specific in he applicable Issuing Document

“Class B20xx-3y Notes Interest Rate” means the Interest Rate applicable to a given Class
B20%x-yy Notes as specified in the applicable ssuing Document

“Class B20xx-3y Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount” means with respect to the Class
B20wx-yy Notes of any Note Series:

(a) — with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amortistion Period which is nota Payment Date for such Class
B20wx-3y Notes

6) with respect to any Monthly Payment Dato falling before lis Note Series
20xx-yy Amontisation Starting Date (excluded), zero (0)

Gi) with respect to any Monthly Payment Date faling on or añer ts Note Serios
201x-3y Amortisation Starting Date, ho less between:

(A) — the difference betwcen (x) the Class B20wcyy Notes Principal
Amount Outstanding as of the close of the immediately preceding
Payment Date and (y) the principal amount retained on the Principal
Distribution Ledger for such Class B20xx3y Notes since the last
Payment Date (if ny); and!

(8) — the positive difference betwcen (x) the Note Series 20xx3y Total
Available Amonisation Amount to be paid by the Fund on such
Monthly Payment Date and (y) the Class AZ0xxc-3y Notes Monthly
Amorisation Amos on such Mombhly Payment Date;

(6) with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amorisation Period which is a Payment Date for such Class
B20wx-3y Notes:

6) with respect to any Monihly Payment Dato falling before lis Note Series
20xx-yy Amontisation Sting Date (excluded), zero (0)

20


0)

vvith respect to any Monthly Payment Date falling on or aer its Note Series
20%x-yy Amortistion Starting Date, hc aggregate of:

0)

e

he principal amownis rotaincd on the Principal Distribution Ledger
vvith respect o such Class B20xx-3y Notes since the last Payment
Dase (Fany) and

Ae loser between:

- e difference betwcen (x) the Class B20xx3y Notes
Principal. Amount Outstanding as of the close of the
immediately preceding Payment Date and (y) the principal
“mou retained on th Principal Distribution Ledger for such
Class B20xx-yy Notes since the last Payment Date (any):
and

= ie positive difference between (x) the Note Series 20xx-3y
Total Available Amortisation Amount to be paid by the Fund
on such Monthly Payment Date and (y) the Class A20x1-3y
Notes Monthly Amoriation Amount on such Monthly
Payment Date;

(e) — with respest to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period:

o

0)

once all Class A Notes have been fully redecmed or the remaining principal

amount due under such Class A Notes have been fully retuined om the
Principal Distribution Ledger, he aggregato of

0)

e

he Class B20xx3y Notes Principal Amount Outstanding as of the
lose of the immediately preceding Monthly Payment Dat; and

on th fest Monthly Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, any principal amount retzined on th Principal
Distribution Ledger with respost to such Class B20xx-3y Notes since
Abc last Payment Date any)

in any other case, zero (0),

“Class B20xx-3y Notes Monthly Interest Amount” means with respecto the Class B20xx-
yy Notes of any Note Series:

(a) — with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amortistion Period which is nota Payment Date for such Class
B20wx-yy Note, the agregate of

20


ol

(o

6 the Class B20xxyy Notes Momhly Interest Shortfall recorded om the
previous Monthly Payment Date any); and!

6) the producto:

(A) the Class B20xx-3y Notes Interest Amount to be paid on the next
Payment Date; and

(E) the Note Series 20% Retention Ratio;
vih respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amorisation Period which is a Payment Date for such Class

B20wx-yy Notes, the agregate of

6 the Class B20xxyy Notes Momhly Interest Shortfall recorded om the
previous Monthly Payment Date any); and!

6) the producto:

(A) — the Class B20xxcyy Notes Interest Amount to be paid on such
Payment Date; and

(8) — the Note Series 20%xx-yy Retention Ratio; and

(Gi) the interest amount recorded on he Interest Distribution Ledger with respect
o such Class B20xx-yy Notes since the last Payment Date (¡Fany

vvith respect to any Momhly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, the aggregate o:

6) the Class B20xx3y Notes Interest Amount to be paid on such Monthly
Payment Date;

Gi) om the fist Momhiy Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amorisation: Period, any interest amounis retained on the Interest
Distribution Ledger with respect to such Class B20x0-yy Notes sine the las
Payment Date (ia)

(ii) on the fist Momhiy Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, the Class B20xx-yy Notes Monthly Interest Shorall
recorded on the previous Monthly Payment Date (¡Pany):

as calculated by the Management Company for such Monthly Payment Date (rounded to the
rest cent and incas of equal distance, rounding uprards).

“Class 820x+-3y Monthly Hodging Net Shortfall" means, with respeto the Class B20xx>
yy Notes of any Note Serics, the porton of the Class B20xx-yy Monthly Hedging Not

EN)


Amount which has not been enticly retained on the Interest Account and recorded on the
Interest Distribution Ledger on any previous Monthly Payment Date, since the previous
Payment Dato for such Class B20x:yy Notes.

“Class B20xx-3y Note Monthly Interest Shortfall" means, with respecto hc Class B20%x-
yy Notes of any Noto Seris, hc porton of the Class B20xx-yy Notes Monthly Interest
“Amount which has not bcn entrely retained on the Interest Distribution Ledger on any
previous Monthly Payment Date(s) since the lst Payment Date for such Class B20xx-yy
Notes.

“Class B20x3y Notes Principal Amount Outstanding” means, on any det, the principal
amount outstanding of he Class B20xx-yy Noto.

“Class € Fixed Rate Notes” means the Class C Notes of any Note Series which bear a fixed

“Class C Floating Rate Notes” means the Class C Notes of any Note Series wbich bear
Aosting ntrest at.

“Class C Hedging Subordinated Terminstion Amount” means on any relevant Monthly
Payment Dat, the Class C Hodging Subordinatod Termination Payments determined by the
Mas jon Dat,

:ement Company on the preceding Cale

“Class C Hedging Agreement” means, vith respect to the Class C Flomting Rate Notes, ho
interest rte hodging agreement vih respes to such Class C Fosting Rate Notes which may
be entered ino between the Fund and any Class C Hedging Counterpaty

“Class C Hedging Counterparty” means, with respecto any Class C Flating Rate Notes of
any Note Serios, he Hodging Counterpaty specific in any Issuing Document

“Class C Hedging Senior Termination Payment” means, on any relevant Monthly Payment
Date, the aggregate amount oF all Hedging Senior Termination Payments with respect to any
relevant Class C Hedging Agreement if any).

“Class C Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment” means, on any relevant Monthly
Payment Date, the aggregate amount of the Hedging Subordinated Termination Payments
with respect to any relevant Class C Hedging Agrecments (if any),

“Class C Monthly Hedging Net Amounts" means, with respect o a Monthly Payment Date,
he sum of all Class C20xx-yy Momhly Hedging Not Amouns determined by tho
Management Company to be retained andior paid (as applicable) on such Monthly Payment
Date in accordance with hc applicable Priority of Payments.

Class C Notes” means the subordinated set
o be issued by the Fund.

ek notes designated on Class C issued or

“Class C Noteholder” means any holder o any Class C Note,

ES


“Class C Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount” mcans, with respeto a Monthly Payment
Date, the sum of all Class C20xx-3y Notes Monthly Amortisaion Amount determined by the
Management Company, to be retained and/or paid (as applicabl) on such Monthly Payment
Date in accordance with he applicable Priority of Payments

“Class C Notes Monthly Interest Amount” means, with espect to a Monthly Payment Date,
he sum of all Class C20xxyy Notes Monthly Interest Amount determined by the
Management Company, to be retained and/or paid (as applicabl) on such Monthly Payment
Date in accordance with he applicable Priority of Payments

“Class C Notes Principal Amount Outstanding" means, on any date he Principal Amount
Outstanding of any outstanding Class C Notes.

“Class C Notes Subscribers” means, with respec to any Class C Notes of a particular Note
Series, ubscrbers of such Class C Notes,

“Class C Notes Subscription Agreement” mmcans the subscription agreement or the Class C
Notes of any Note Series which will bo made betcen the Management Company, the Seller
and one or several global coordinators, lead managers, bookrunners, underwrtes or
subscribers. Each Issuing Document will provide detils of the names of the global
sontinators, cad managers, bookrunners or undenwritersappointed in relation to th offering
and subscription f he Class C Notes of any Note Seres.

“Class C Spread Amount" means, on any Monthly Payment Date he ageregate amount of
all Class C20xx-3y Spread Amount s determined by the Management Company

“Class C20xx-3y Hedging Net Amount” means, with respect to he Class C20xx-3y Notes
of amy Note Series and with respect to any applicable Payment Date, the Hedging Not
Amount with respect to th relevant Class C Hedging Agreement of such Note Series 20xx-yy
(any), which shall be () paid or) retained on the Interest Distribution Ledger

“Class C20xx-3y Monthly Hedging Net Amount” means, with respect to the Class C20xx-
yy Notes of any Note Seris:

(a) — with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amortisation Period which is nota Payment Date for such Class
C20xx-yy Notes, the aggregato of

6) the Class C20xx3y Monthly Hedging Not Shorfall recorded o the previous
Monthly Payment Date (Pany): and

6) the producto:

(A) — the Class C20xx3y Hedging Net Amount to be paid on the next
Payment Date; and

(E) the Note Series 20% Retention Ratio;

386


ol

(o

vih respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amorisation Period which is a Payment Date for such Class
C20wxeyy Notes, the aggregate of:

6) the Class C20xx3y Monthly Hedging Not Shorfall recorded o the previous
Monthly Payment Date (Pany): and

6) the producto:

(A) — the Class C20xx3y Hedging Net Amount to be paid on such
Payment Date; and

(8) — the Note Series 20%xx-yy Retention Ratio; and

(Gi) any hedging net amounts retsined on the Interest Distribution Ledger with
respecto such Class C20xx-yy Notes sine he last Payment Date (¡Fany).

vvith respect to any Momhly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, the aggregate o:

6) the Class C2Oxx-yy Hedging Net Amount to be paid on such Monhly
Payment Date;

Gi) om the fist Momhly Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amorisation Period, any hedging net amounts reained on the Interest
Distribution Ledger with respect to such Class C20xac-yy Notes since the las
Payment Date (if any); and!

(ii) on the fist Momhly Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amortisaion Period, the Class C20xx-yy Monthly Hedging Net Shortall
recorded on the previous Monthly Payment Date (¡Fany),

as calculated by the Management Company for such Monthly Payment Date (rounded to the
ncarest cent and incas of equal distance, rounding upwards)

“Class C20sx-3y Notes” means any Class C Notes issued in yr

-20%x" and comesponding

o he serios number yy" oPsuch year

“Class C20xx-3y Notes Interest Amount” rucans with respect t the Class C20xx-yy Notes
“and with respect to any Payment Dat:

0)

ol

during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisaton Period the
interest amount payable on th Class C2bxx-yy Notes on cach Payment Date;

during the Programme Acceleraed Amonisation Period, the interest amount payable
on the Class C20xx:-3y Notes on cach Monthly Payment Date;

a


as calculated by the Management Company on the basis of the Class C20xx-yy Notes Interest
Rate specific in he applicable Issuing Document

“Class C20xx-3y Notes Interest Rate” mcans the Interest Rate applic:
(C20xx-yy Notes as specific in the applicable Issuing Document

e to a given Class

“Class C20xx-33 Notes Monthly Amortistion Amount" means with respect to tho Class
C20xx-yy Notes oa Note Series:

(a) — with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amortistion Period which is nota Payment Date for such Class
Al0%xx yy Notes:

6) with respect to any Monihly Payment Dato falling before lis Note Series
20xx-yy Amontisation Sting Date (excluded), zero (0)

Gi) with respect to any Monthly Payment Date faling on or añer ts Note Serios
201x-3y Amortisation Starting Date, ho less between:

(A) — the difference betwcen (x) the Class C20xcyy Notes Principal
Amount Outstanding as of the close of the immediately preceding
Payment Date and (y) the principal amount retained on the Principal
Distribution Ledger for such Class CZUxx3y Notes since the last
Payment Date (iy); and!

(8) — the positive difference betwcen (x) the Note Series 20xx3y Total
Avsilable Amonisation Amount to be paid by the Fund on such
Monthly Payment Date and (y) the aggregate of the Class A20x1-yy
Notes Monthly Amortsation Amounts and the Class B20xx-3y Notes
Monthly Amortisaion Amount on such Monthly Payment Date;

(6) with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amorisation Period which is a Payment Date for such Class
Al0x% yy Notes:

6) with respect to any Monihly Payment Dato falling before lis Note Series
20xx-yy Amontisation Sting Date (excluded), zero (0)

Gi) with respect to any Monthly Payment Date faling on or aer ts Note Serios
20%x-yy Amortistion Starting Date, hc aggregate of:

(A) the principal amoents retained on the Principal Distribution Ledger.
vvith respect o such Class C20xx-3y Notes since the last Payment
Dase (Fany) and

(8) the lesserbetucen:

ES


(o

- e difference betwcen (x) the Class C20xx3y Notes
Principal. Amount Outstanding as of the close of the
immediately preceding Payment Date and (y) the principal
“mou retained on th Principal Distribution Ledger for such
Class C20xx-yy Notes since the last Payment Date (any):
and

= ie positive difference between (x) the Note Series 20xx-3y
Total Available Amortisation Amount to be paid by the Fund
“on such Monthly Payment Date and (y) the aggregate of the
Class A20xx-3y Notes Monthly Amortisrion Amounts and
the Class B20xx-yy Notes Monthly Amortisaion Amount on
such Momhly Payment Dat;

vvith respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period:

6) onceall Class A Notes and Class B Notes oPall Note Series have been fully
edecmed or th remaining principal amount due undr such
and Class B Notes have been fully retined on the Principal Distribution
Ledger, the aggregate of:

lss A Notes

(A) the Class C20xx3y Notes Principal Amount Outstanding as of the
lose of the immediately preceding Monthly Payment Dato

(8) — om the fest Monthly Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amortisaion Period, any principal amounts recorded on th Principal
Distribution Ledger with respost to such Class C20xx-yy Notes since
the last Payment Date Fany),

6) inany other case, zero (0)

“Class C20xx-4y Notes Monthly Interest Amount” mans with respecto the Class C20xx>
yy Notes of any Note Series:

0)

vih respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amortistion Period which is nota Payment Date for such Class
C20wxeyy Notes, the aggregate of:

6 the Class C20xxyy Notes Momhly Interest Shortfall recorded om the
previous Monthly Payment Date (any); and

6) the producto:

(A) the Class C2Oxx-3y Notes Interest Amount to be paid on the next
Payment Date; and

20


(E) the Note Series 20% Retention Ratio;

(6) with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amorisation Period which is a Payment Date for such Class
C20wxeyy Notes, the aggregate of:

6 the Class C20xxyy Notes Momhly Interest Shortfall recorded om the
previous Monthly Payment Date (any); and

6) the producto:

(A) — the Class C2Oxcyy Notes Interest Amount to be paid on such
Payment Date; and

(8) — the Note Series 20%xx-yy Retention Ratio; and

(Gi) the interest amount recorded on he Interest Distribution Ledger with respect
o such Class C2bxx-yy Notes since the last Payment Date (¡Fany

(e) — with respect to any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, the aggregate o:

6) the Class C20xx3y Notes Interest Amount to be paid on such Monthly
Payment Date;

Gi) om the fist Momhly Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amorisation Period, any interest amounis retainod on the Interest
Distribution Ledger with respect to such Class C20xac-yy Notes sine the las
Payment Date (if any); and!

Gi) on the fist Momhiy Payment Date of the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, the Class C20xx-yy Notes Monthly Interest Shorall
recorded on the previous Monthly Payment Date (¡Pany):

as calculated by the Management Company for such Monthly Payment Date (rounded to the
rest cent and incas of equal distance, rounding uprards).

“Class C20xcyy Notes Monthly Interest Shortfall" means, wit respect to the Class
C20xx-yy Notes of any Note Seris, he portion of the Class C20xx-yy Notes Monthly
Interest Amount which has not been entircly retained on the Interest Distribution Ledger on
any previous Momhly Payment Date(s sine ho last Payment Date for such Class C20xx-3y
Notes.

“Class C20xx-1y Monthly Hedging Net Shortfall” means, with respeto the Class C2bxx-
yy Notes of any Note Serics, the portion of th Class C20xxyy Monthly Hedging Not
“Amount which has not been enticly retaincd on the Interest Account and recorded on the

0


Interest Distribution Ledger on any previous Monthly Payment Date since th last Payment
Date for such Class C20x-yy Notes.

Class C20xx-3y Notes Principal Amount Outstanding” means, on any dat, the principal
“amount ovtstanding of th Class C20xx-yy Notes.

“Class Cl0xx-3y Required Spread Amount" mcans, with respect to the Class C20xx=3y
Notes of a Note Series (¡applicable on any Monthly Payment Date, the amount set out in
he corresponding Issuing Document (and, as the caso may be, calculated by the Management
Company). For clrification purposes, the Class C2017-01 Required Spread Amount with
respect to the Class C2017-01 Notes issucd on the Fund Incorporaion Date will be cqual to
zero (0),

“Class C20xx-3y Spread Amount” mcans, on any Calculation Date in respect of ho Class
(C20xx-yy Notes, the postie difference between:

(a) the armount recorded in the Class C20xx-yy Spread Amount Ledger on he Monthly
Payment Date immediately preceding such Calculation Dat; and

(0) — the Class C20xx3y Required Spread Amount on ihe Monhly Payment Date

immediately preceding such Calcuation Dat,

“Class C20xx-3y Spread Amount Ledger” means, with respect to the Class C20xyy Notes
of a Note Series (i applicable), h ledger which shall be established for such Class C20xx-yy
Notes by the Management Company, acting for and on behalf of the Fund, in oder to record
on any Calculation Date the amount up to which the Spread Account may be drawn on the
following Monthly Payment Date to make up for any shortíall 10 satisty the payment of
certain items of the Interest Priority of Payments in accordance with the Interest Shorall
Priority of Payments

Client Account” means th revolving credit account which is opened in the books of ho
Seller with espect to any Credit Card Agreement

“Clifford Chance" means CLIFFORD CHANCE,

Lo.

“CMOF Credit Support Annex" means the credit support amex to the CMOF Master
Agreement (Anexo 1 — Acuerdo de Realización de Cesiones en Garanía)

“CMOF Master Agreement” means the Contrato Marco de Operaciones Financieras in is
2013 version (or any other version as selected by the Management Company), a prepared by
he Spanish Bankers Association (Asociación Española de Banca) and the Spanish Savings
Banks Association (Confederación Española de Cajas de Ahorros).

“CNMV! means the Spanish Securitics and Exchange Commission (Comisión Nacional del
Mercado de Valores).

EN


“Collections Accounts” means the accounts opened by th Seller under with he Collections
Accounis Bank and which are subject to Ahe ín rem right of pledgo created under tho
Colictions Accownts Security Document

“Collections Accounts Banks" mcans cach of tho Spanish financial institutions wbere the
Collections Accounts held by the Servicer are opened from time to time (as ofthe date of this
Base Prospectus, Banco Santander, S.A. and Bankia, SA.)

“Collections Accounts Bank Agreement” mcans any agreement existing between the
Pledgor and cach of the Collections Accounts Banks regarding the Collections Accounts, as
amended and supplemented om time to time,

“Collections Accounts Bank Required Ratings" means in respect of any entity th ratings at
least equal to:

(a) — a public rating oPat cast BBB (senor long tem) by DBRS; or
(0) ES by Fitch with respecto th short-tcm Isuer Default Rating (1DR) o such entity
or BBB. by Fitch with respect to th long-term Issucr Default Rating (IDR) of such

entity or

(c) — P2 by Moody's with respect to the shortcrm unsccured, unsubordinated and
“inguarantesd debtobligations of such entity or

(é) any applicable ratings specific in the last Prospoctus Supplement in
Note Series rated by SAL,

or such cer debt rating as determined to be applicable or agreed by cach Relevant Rating
Agency from time o time and specificd in the last Prospectus Supplement

“Collections Accounts Security Document” means the collections accounis. security
document granted on 7 April 2017 whercby SFC (as Servicer) grats ho Pledge over the
Collections Accounts.

“Collection Period” means, in espect of  Calculation Date ora Monthly Payment Dat, ho
period betwcen wo Cut OSF Dates (excluding the fist Cut-O1Y Date and including the second
Cut-OfY Date) precoding such Calculsion Date or Monthly Payment Dat, provided that tho
fist Collection Period shall sta on the Fund Incorporation Date (including such date) and!
shall end on 31 May 2017 (including such date).

“Commercial Code” means the Spanish Commercial Code published by vine oh Royal
Desres 022 August 1865.

“Commingling Reserve” means any amount credited by the Seller to the Commingling

Reserve Account, as adjutedthereafe, in accordance with section 34.1 of he Additional
Eilding Block.

20


“Commingling Reserve Account” mcans one of the Isucr Accounts under the designation
“Commingling Reserve Account” with the Issuer Accounts Bank for the purposes set out in
section 34.43 of the Addiional Building Block.

“Commingling Reserve Amount" mmcans, on any date, ihe credit balanes of tbc
Commingling Reserve Account

“Commingling Reserve Increase Amount” rucans, on any Setlement Date or as the case
may be, on any Issue Date during the Programme Revolving Period when a Note Seris is
issued), the positive difference as determined by the Management Company between the
applicable Commingling Reserve Required Amount and hc Commingling Reservo Amos

“Commingling Reserve Decrease Amount” means, on any Monthly Payment Date, the
minimum between (6) and (b):

(a) being equal to the positive difference (if any) on such Monthly Payment Date
between:

6) 68) the credit balance of the Commingling Reservo Account (before
application of the Priority of Payments on such Monthly Payment Date and
excluding the Pinancial Income) les (y) hc amount of the use made under.
he Commingling Reserve on such Monthly Payment Date in accordance
with the Programme Documents; and

Gi) the applicable Commingling Reserve Required Amount on such Monthly
Payment Date.

(0) being equal to the outstanding amount of the Commingling Reservo Subordinated
Facility on such Momhly Payment Date (before application of the Priority -oP
Payments on such Monthly Payment Dato).

being specified that the Commingling Reserve Decrease Amount should be equal to 0 for so
long as the Management Company docs not reccivo any Monthly Servicer Report or other
documentary evidence,

“Commingling Reserve Shortall Amount" means, as calculated in respect of cach Monthly
Payment Date, he positive difference between (a) and (b)

(a) is equal to tc agregate amount of all uses mado under the Commingling Reserve
Account in accordance with ho Programme Document since the Fund Incorportion.
Date (including any uso to be made as the case may be on such Momhly Payment
Date)

(6) iscqualto the sumo

6) the ageregate o all amounts the Fund previously filed 10 reccivo and for
vwbich an use of the Commingling Reserve had boen made by debit from the

20


Commingling Reserve Account since the Fund Incorporaion Date up to such
Monthly Payment Date (included)

Gi) the aggregate amount of all Commingling Reserve Shoriíall Amounts
eflectively repaid to ihc Commingling Reserve Subordinated. Facility
Provider since the Fund Incorporation Date (excluding the Commingling
Reserve Shontfall Amount to be repaid as the case may be on such Monthly

Payment Date),

being specified hat the Commingling Reservo Shortfall Amount should be equal to 0 for so
long as the Management Company docs not reccivo any Monthly Servicer Report or other
documentary evidence,

“Commingling Reserve Required Amount" mans:

(a) — om the ist Notes Isue Disbursement Dat folowing ho Fund Incorporation Date, an
amount cqualto EUR 9,100,000; aná

(6) om any Issue Date when a new Note Series is issued, an amount as specific in ho
last Prospectus Supplement; and

(<) om any Settlement Date, as long as any Notes o any outstanding Note Seris has not
"cen fully redocmed, the ageres

se of

6) the maximum of LS per cent. and the last threc=month rolling average of
Monthly Prepayment Rates (or 1.5 per cent. for the fist two Setlement
Dates), multplicd by the product betwcen (5) the Ouistanding Principal
Balancos of the Purchased Receivables and (i) the Investor Share as of the
Calculaion Date immediately preceding such Setlement Date; and

Gi) the maximum of 3.0 per cent. and the last threc=momth rolling average of
Monthly Non-Direet Debt Payments Rates (or 3.0 percent or the first two,
Setlement Dates) multiplcd by the product of () hc aggregate sum of the
Instalments scheduled 10 be received by the Servicer not by direct dbit on
he immediately suceccding Collection Period and () the Investor Share,
both as ofihe Calculation Date immediately preceding such Sotlement Dat.

ing specific tt:

= te formula and the minimum percentage of refered to in paragraph (b) above may be
updated by the Seller and the Management Company according to the historical
performances of the Purchascd Reccivables recorded by the Seller, subject to th prior
written notice in reasonablo time to the Relevant Rating Agencies and provided that
such update shall not result in th downgrade or the widrawal of the then current
ratings of the then outstanding Rated Notes by any ofthe Relevant Rating Agencies;

EN


- the Commingling Reserve Required Amount will hc cqual to ro (0) once the Rated
Notes have been redecmed in

“Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility” means the credit fciliy granted under the
Commingling Reserve Subordinsted Facility Agreement

“Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement” mcans the credit facility
“agreement dated 7 April 2017 and made between the Fund, represented by the Mar
Company and he Commingling Reserve Subordinaed Faciiy Provider.

“Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider” meens SEC.

“Common Reccivables” meus the NomPurchasod Reccivablos and the Purchased
Rescivables aising fom the same Client Account

“Conditions Precedent o the Purchase of Reccivables” cons:

(a) — no Seller Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on th relevant Purchase
Date;

(6). no Services Termination Event has occurred and is continuing unless Replacement
Servicer has been appointed añcr the occurence of such Servicer Termination Event
on or prior to he relevant Purchase Date;

(c) the Maximum Portfolio Amount will no be exceeded;
(4) no Fund Liquidation Event has occurred on he relevant Purchase Date;

(e) in the context of Initial Transfers only, the Management Company has determined
ha) he Maximum Addition Amount criteria will be met on th relevant Purchase:
Date or (5) if such Maximum Addiion Amount criteria will not be met on the
relevant Purchase Date, the Relevant Rating Agencies have confirmed to the
Management Company that ho transfer of Reccivables in the context of an Initial
Transfer (only) on the relevant Purchase Date will not result in a downgrade or
vwithdrawal oFthe hn current ratings of hc then outstanding Rated Notes;

(0 in te contes of Initial Transfers only, the Si
Rescivables o he Fund;

er has validly mado a Sale Offer of

(2) — during the Programme Accelerted Amortisation Period only, the Sale fr made by
he Seller to the Fund docs not include any Reccivables in hc context of Initial
Transfers; aná

(6) the Seller has audited financial statements for th previous two (2) financial years
without reservations (salvedades) which may affect the Reccivables and those have:
een filed with the CNMV. In particular, for the transfr of Reccivables to be made

ss


on the Fund Incorporation Dato, th Seller has audit financial ststements for 2014

and2015

“Confirmation Date” means cight (8) Business Days following cach Monthly Reporting
Date. Forclariiation purposes, th first Confirmation Date añr the Fund Incorporation Date
vil be 13 Jun 2017.

“Consumer Credit Legistation” mucans all the applicable consumer laws and regulations
governing the Credit Card Agreement, including, without limitation Royal Legislativo
Desres 1/2007, of 16 November, approving the Consolidated Text of the General Consumer
and user protection law and cer complementary laws, as amended,restated or supplemented
from time to time,

“Contractual Documents” means the Credit Card Agrcements and any other documents

relatig o the Purchased Reccivables.

“Corrected Available Collections” means all amounis subject to any adjustment of the
Avsilable Collections with respect to the previous Collection Period as determined by the
Management Company om the Calculstion Dat

“Corrected Available Principal Collections” mcans all amounis subject o any adjustment
af the Available Principal Collections with respect o the previous Collection Periods as

determined by hc Management Company on th Calculation Date.

“Credit Card” means the PASS credit card delivered to the Borrower by the Seller in
omnection with cach Credit Card Agreement,

“Credit Card Agreement” means any credit card agreement (Contrato de Apertura de
Cuenta de Turjera) made betwcen the Seller and a Borrower.

“Credit Limit” means thc maximum amount of the credit which can be drawn by any
Borronwer under a Credit Card Agreement

“Credit Support Annex" mcans the ISDA Credit Support Annex or the CMOF Credit
Support Amex

“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of ho European Parliament and oS the Council
df 26 June 2013 on pradentil requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and
amending Regulstion (EU) No. 648/2012.

“CRR Amendment Regulation” means the Europcan Commission published legislativo
proposal dated 30 September 2015 intended to implement the revised. securiisaion
framevork developed by BCBS,

196


“Curable Events” means:

(a) — any breach by the Servicer o any ot material non=montary obligations (other than
he failure to provide the Monthly Servicer Repor to the Management Company)
under any Programme Document to which it is a party (except ¡fc breah is due to
force majeur).

(6). amy of the represenations or warantics made or given by the Servicor under any
Programme Document to which itis a paty or in any ceniicate delivered pursuant to
the Programme Documents to which ts a party is matrially als or incorret in any
material repost

(c) that the Servicer has not provided the Mansgement Company awith the Monthly
Servicer Report on two consecutivo Monthly Reporting Dates (except the reach is
due to force majcare).

“Cut-O1T Date” means the last calendar day of each cs
OS Date which shall be the 31 May 2017),

dar month (except fort first Cut-

“Credit Policies” shall mean the Sellers usual políccs, procedures and practices relating to
he operation o ts revolving credit business including, without limitaton, th usual policies,
procedures and practices adopted by ita the gantor of credit in relation to Reccivables from
riginatd Client Accounts and/or (as the case may be) lts usual policies, procedures and
practicos for dealing with matters relating to the obligatios and ibi of the Seller under
applicable laws and regulaions, for determining the credirworthiness 0 its revolving credit
customers, the extension of hc credit (including the increase or decrease of ho maximum
eredit authorisation to its customers).
accounts, as such policies, procedures and practices may be amended or vario from time to

1d relaing to the maintenance of revolving credit

ata Protection Agent" mcans the Spanish public notary appointed from time to time by
the Management Company to actn such condition.

“DBRS" means DBRS Ratings Limited

“Decoding Key" means the decoding key necessary to access the data included in the
Eneryptcd Data Fl.

“Deed of Incorporation" means the public decd of incorporaton of the Fund and which will
be drafcd in Spanish language)

ed of Isue” means the relevant deed ol issue (escritura de emisión) in relation to the
issue of any unlisted Class A Notes, Class B3 Notes and any Class C Notes. Each Decd of
Issue shall include, muatis mutandi, th information included in Scheduls 2 “Form of Final
Tem”.

7


fault Amount” means, on any Calculaion Dato and with respeto the Client Account
vwbich has become a Defaulted Client Account during ho immedintely preceding Col
Period, he Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchascd Recci

“Account an the Cut-04N Date preceding such Calcultion Dat

les of such Client

“Defalted Client Account” means any Client Account:

(a) — corresponding to a Credit Card Agreement in respect of which, six (6) or more
«snsccutive Instalments are in arrsrs;

(6) in respeet of which the Credit Card Agreement has been acceleated or a part of
principal due has been writn-offor made provision against any definitivo losses
any time prior to th cxpiry of the period refered to in (a) above:

(e) invrespectto which ho Seller has bocomo aware that the Borower is insolvent (en
concurso),

provided that, for the avoidance of doubl, the clasiication of a Defauted Client Account
shall be irrevocable

“Deferred Purchase Price” mucans, on any Calculation Date and in respect of the
Rescivables transfered to the Fund on the Purchase Period immediately preccding such
Calculaion Date, the portion 06 the Purchase Price of such purchased Reccivables which is
ot a be paid by the Fund on the fllawing Monthly Payment Date in accordance with the
applicable Priority of Payments

juent Client Account" means any Client Account (which is not classified as
Defaulted Client Account) for which related Borrower has not setled all sums due and
ayable in accordance with he terms o th corresponding Credit Card Agreement unless the

payment defered has ben auhorised by he Seller in accordance with the Servicing Po

“Determination Date" means, during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme
Amorisation Period, five (5) Business Days following csch Monthly Reporting Date on
which the Management Company notifis to the Seller the Available Purchase Amount and
the Minimum Purchase Amount. The Sell shall communicate to the Management Company
before 10h00 (Madrid Time) on such date, ts intemion to exercise any repurchase option and
he Target Amount (or any required information). For clarfiction purposes, the Rest
Determination Date after the Fund Incorporation Date will e $ June 2017.

“Determination Period” means the period from and including an Imrest Determination
Date in any yearto but excluding th next Interest Determination Dat,

ions" means, on cach Determination Date, in respect of the Collection Period
immediately preceding such Determination Date the Outstanding Principal Balance of any
given ouistanding Purchascd Reccivables cancelled by the Seller (ún part or in ful) for the

benefit of he Borrowers, as the result of any return, rbate, deduction, retention, unduc

20


restiution, legal setoff (compensación legal), contractual setoff” (compensation
«onvencional) judicial sct-00T (compensarion judicial), faudulent or counerfi transaction,
rin respect of merchandise which was refused or retumed by a Borrower.

isbursement Date” or “Notes Issue Disbursement Date” means the day on which the
amount for the subscription of the Notes from cach Notes Seris should be disbursed in
“ccondance with the relevant Isuing Document and at the latest two (2 Business Days before
any Monthly Payment Date (i. no later tha three (3) Business Days añr the relevant Issue
Date for such Note Seres)

“Drawing” means any drawdowns made by the Borrower (or any other authorized user)
under the revalving credit facility granted under cach Client Account associated to cach
Credit Card Agreement, and which includes (1) any fees finance by the Seller, any unpaid
insurance premium under th optional Insurance Policy entered by the orrower financed by
he Seller and (Gi) any unpaid single intrest-foe instalment financed by the Sellr with ho
rior consent of the Bomower ("hasculación”.

“Drawing Date" means any date on which a Drawing is made by the Borrower in accordance
vvitbth Credit Card Agreement

Irawing Purchase Report” means cach of the clectronio files with information on an
individual basis on the Drawings of cach Eliible Reocivable subject matter of an Additional

Transfer, as of tir applicable EfTetivo Purchase Date.

“DPP Interest” shall have the mening set out in section 3..14 of the Addiional Building
Block.

¿CI means th European Central Bank

“Early Liquidation" means the carly liquidtion of the Fund and hence ho cary redemption
df th Notes in al Notes Serics in accordance with the procedure et out in section 4:43 of
the Registration Document

“Early Termination Date" has hc meaning ascrbed in ho relevant Hedging Agreement.

“Efectivo Purchase Date” mcans, olher than for the transer of Reccivables made on the
Fund Incorporaion Date:

(a) in the context Of Initial Transfers, the first calendar day aflr the relevant
Confirmation Date on which the Seller has procecdod to mark intemally in ts system
hc transfer of Eliible Roccivablest th Fund; and

(0) in the context of Additional Transfers, hc Deawing Date of 1h corresponding
Rescivables.

29


Aective Purchase Price” means, on any Caleulation Date and in respect of the
Reccivables transfered to the Fund on any Purchase Period immediately preceding such
Calculation Dat:

(2) — during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amonisation Period
only, the portion of the Purchase Price of such Eligble Reccivables which is to be
efetively paid by the Fund on th following Monthly Payment Date in accordance.
vvith the Principal Priority of Payments and which shall o funded by the Available
Principal Amount; and.

(0) duringthe Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period only, 1 s long as any Notes
of any outstanding Note Sercs has not been fully redecmed, zro (0) and () once all
Nokes of all Note Seris have been redcemed in ful, the portion of the Purchase Price
af such Eligible Reccivables which is to be efectively paid by the Fund on the
following Monthly Payment Date in accordance with the Accelerated Priority of
Payments and which shall o funded by the Available Distribution Amount

“Efectivo Repurchase Date” means in respect of any Purchased Reccivabl, hc calendar
day after a Confirmation Date on which the Seller will procced to mark ho selected
Purchased Reccivables in ho content of a repurchase of Purchase Reccivables to occur on the
ext available Repurchase Date afcr said Confirmation Date.

ligibility Criteria” means:
¡General Eligibiliy Criteria and Specific Eliibiiy Crvria

The General Eligibiliy Criteria shall apply to the Initial Transfers and the Additional
Transfer. The Specific Elgibilty Critri sall apply to the Initial Transfers (only)

General Eligibiliy Criteria of the Credis Card Agreement
(a) Bach Credit Card Agreement has been cxccuted pursuant 1, and in compliance with,

he applicable provisions of Spanish legisiaion and all hr applicable legal and
regulatry provisios, including but not limited all applicable anti-money Iaundering.

(6). Each Credit Card Agreement has been entered ino betwcen the Seller and one
Eliible Borrower able for he full payment of he corresponding Rescivable.

(c) — Each Credit Card Agreement (5) is documented on the basís of the terms and
conditions applicable for the card and or hc mercantil loan (Condiciones Generales
de la Tarjeta. Condiciones Comunes de la Tarjesa y del Préstamo Mercanil con
Tarjeta) and the specific terms and conditions (Condiciones Específicas de la
Tarjeta) of he Seller in force from time to time and (di) derive from the Standard
Forms which has not been varied in any material respet (except in accordance with
section 33.1.10 the Additional Building Block),

400


0

(o

0

0]

0

o

0

Each Credit Card Agreement s governed by Spanish law and any related claim is
“subjcet o he jursdiction of the Spanish competent court.

Each Credit Cand Agreement complics in all material respects with the applicable
provisions of the Consumer Credit Legisiaion and all other applicable legal and
regulatry provision, including, but not limited to, where applicable, the provisions
df Law 16/2011 and its developing regulasions and or Law of Repression of Usury, in
granting cach Credit Card Agrecment the Seller has complicd with all pre-contract
requirements set out in amicles $ et sog. of Law 16/2011 and no Credit Card
Agreement contains any abusivo clases (cldusulas abusivas for the purposes of Law
1/2007, of 16 November, on Consumcrs and Users Protection (esto Refundido dela
Ley General para la Defensa de Consumidores y Usuarios y otras Leyes
complementarias).

Each Credit Card Agreement constitutes legal, valid, binding and enforecable
abligatons of the relevant Borrower in accordance with ts respective tem in all
material respecs against the relevant Borrower (subject to applicable bankrupte,
insolvency, Ímoratorium, reorganisation or other similar laws affectng the
enforcement of rights of ceditors general and general principles of aplicable law
restrictng the enforcement of obligations or providing for borrower rei)

No Credit Card Agreement is regarded as contrato de crédito vinculado, as defined
in antcle 29 of Law 16/2011, being a contract linked to, or associated with, a sale
agreement or servi agreement

No Credit Card Agreement contains confidentiaity provisions which may restrict ho
Fund'sexerciso oli rights as owner af he Reccivables.

No Credit Card Agreement requires the Bormwer's consent to be obtined in rlaion
oa transfer oPany Reccivable ihrcunder.

No Credit Card Agreement has been acceleated

¡General Eigbiliy Criteria o/the Receivables

0)

ol

(o

Each Receivabl exis, vas originated in he ordinary course of the Sellers business
and derives from (1) a Credit Card Agreement which complics with the “General
Eliibilty Criteria of the Credit Card Agrecments” and (i) a Client Account which
omplis with the “General Eligbiliy Criteria of the Client Accounts

Each Reccivable was originsed in accordance with the Seller's Credit Policies
described in soction 22.7 ofthe Additional Building Block.

Each Reccivable constitutes, without limitaion and in respect of the relevant
Borrower, the obligation to pay the relevant amount duc, and such obligation is
enforecable in accordance with the terms of the comesponding Credit Card

os


Agreement in all material respocis (subject to applicable bankrupty, insolvency,
moratrium, reorganisation or oxher similar laws afecting the enforcement o rights
af creditors goncrally and general principles of applicable law restricting the
enforcement of obligations or providing for borrowerrelict.

(d) The Reccivable comesponds to an amount which will be due and payable by the
Borrowerán accordance with hc Credit Card Agreement

(e) — Prior to ts transfer to the Fund, the Seller has full and unencumbered legal til o
sch Reccivable and the right to dispose Ahercof.

(0 The Sellers th sole holder of the Reccivable and did not purehase it or acquire it
«envie from a third pary. Each Roccivabl is free and clcar of any right that could
e exercise by hird parti aguínt the Seller, o hc Fund.

(8). No Reccivableis subject to restrictions om transerabii

(6) The payment of cach Rescivable is mot subject to the performance of any
administrative action or sep, or to the cxccution of any document of any kind
whatsocver, or 19 any formaltis, cithr prior to or aflcr the purchase of such
Reccivable, which has not already been carried out or obtained.

(6) Each Reccivable is denominated and payable only in EUR.
Ó Each Reccivable is not subject, cther totally o partial, to transfer, delegation or

im or encumbrance of whatever type which would constitute
an impedimant to the purported transfer

0%) Otherthan in case of the Common Reccivables (as defined in section 3.3.1.6 below).
he amounts reccived in comsection with cach Reccivable can be designated,
idemificd and segregato from the amounts pertining to other reccivables owned by
the relevant Seller and from th amounts pertining to the other Rescivable.

0) To the best knowledge of the Seller, no Reccivable has been disputed by tbc
coresponding Borrower on any ground whatsocver.

(0) Al information which are provided by the Sellr o the Fund wi respect o the
Reccivables is in al material respect, tus, accurate and complete

(1) — The information contained in and atached to cach Sale Offer docs not contain any
“atom which is untus, mislcading or inaccurate in any material rest

¡General Eligbiiy Criteria of the Client Account

(a) — Each Client Account is govemed by a Credit Card Agreement wbich complics with
he “Gnral Eligibilisy Criteria fe Credit Card Agreement


(6) Each Cliet Account has been oiginated by th Seller

(e) — Each Client Account exists and is maintained with tho Seller prior to or at the
applicable Purchase Dat

(é) Each Client Account has been operated by the Seller in all material respect in
accordance with that Sellers Credit Policies described in section 22.7 af the
Additional Building Block and usual practices for th operation os revolving credit
business.

(e) — No Client Accounts clasifcd as a Defaulted Client Account, Non-Compliant Client
“Account or Delinquent Client Account on the relevant Purchase Date of the
Rescivabls.

(0 The information set out in the Client Account relatng to cach Reccivable s, to the
est of the Sellers knowledge, true, accurate and core,

(E) Exch Client Account has bcen established in compliance with applicable data
protection laws, and any notifications to be made or approvals o e obtained under
such las fr that pueposes have been made or obtained.

(6) The Cliem Account docs not include exposures to creditcimpaired cbligos, where a
ereditcimpaired obligor isa Borrowerwbo:

6) has been declred insolvent [en concurso) in accordance with th Insolvency
Law as at tho relevant Purchase Date and the Sellor is aware of this
Gi) at the time of execution of the Credit Card Agreoment, was on Asnefs

registic with adverse credit history

(Gi) at hc time of execution oh Credit Card Agreement, had an internal credit
assessment indicating a significant credit risk in accordance with the credit
requirements of the Seller

Specific EligibilisyCrieria with respecto she Credit Card Agreements
Each Credit Card Agreement

6) has been entered into at least one (1) month prior o the Purchase Date of
Rescivables ariing from such Credit Card Agreement in the context of an
Initial Transfer (unless such Credit Card Agreement result from a permite
amendimentto an existing Credit Card Agreement)

(Gi) is Ball force and cffct and there is no right or etlcmnt of any kind for
he non-payment of any amount due in respect of the Reccivable when dc.

0


(Gi) isa Credit Card Agreement with espect to which hc Seller has performed all
abligations required to be performed by it thercundr in order for tho
comesponding Borrower to be obliged to pay the Reccivable ariing
Acrfrom: and

(Y) is a Credit Card Agreement as to wbich neither the Seller mor the
coresponding Borrower is in breach of its material terms and which has not
een conteste by the Seller or hc corresponding Borrower (or having been
ontsted, such petition is fivolous or vexatious and is dischargod, stayed or
dismissed within 30 days of commencement

Specific Eligibilioy Criteria with respecto he Receivables

(2) — The Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reccivable is not lower than one hundred
euros (EUR 100) and not greater than tn thousand curs (EUR 10,000)

(0) Each Reccivable has already given rise to the ifectivo and full payment oP al least
ne instalment by the Borrower under ho Client Account on the lat hros months
before the Purchase Date.

(c) As at its Purchase Date, no Reccivable is subject to any amicablo or contenticus
recovery procecding and the Seller has not begun a terminatin claim with respect to
he relevant Credit Card Agreement for a breach by the Borrowers) of it (cir)
bligations under tho terms of such Credit Card Agreement or at the occurrene of a
event of default howsoever described under the Credit Card Agreement, including
amongst others things, with respecto he timely payment o amount due.

(é) No procedures adverse to the Fund have boen used by the Seller in slccting the
Rescivables in he contest of Initial Transfers from is portfolio.

Specific EligibilinyCrieria with respecto she Client Accounis

No Client Account ís a non-performing, doubiful, dispute, declared as a Delinquent Client
Account, mor a Defsulted Client Account or classified by the Seller as Srmudulent in
“accordance with the Servicing Policies of the Seller described in section 3.7213 of the
Additional Building Block

¡gible Borrower” means a person:

(a) — who isan individual of legal age and, to the best of ho Seller's knowledge, with Full
capacity to enter into contras and comply with his/er obligatonsthercunder;

(0) who was a resident in Spain on th signing date of the Credit Card Agreement and
whose most recent biling address is located in Spain as at he Purchase Dat;

(c) who has signed a Credit Card Agreement in ts own behalf and its capacity as
consumer within th meaning set out in antcle 2.1 of Law 16/2011;

0


(d) — whoisnotan employee ofi Seller

(c) who is the main Borrower under only one single outstanding Credit Card Agreement
vit Seller and

(0 in respect of vrbich the Seller has obs
prior to the granting of the relevant Credit Card Agreement and, the credit
information obisined from he aforementioned souree has proven to be satisfaciory
“and in compliance with the credit requirements of the Seller.

ined credit information from Asnef-Equitax

iible Hedging Counterparty" meens any Hedging Counterpany having th Hedging
Counterpary Required Ratings

igible Institution” means a depository instituion organised under the laws of any state
which is a member of the European Union which complics sith (1) the Account Bank
Required Ratings with respecto the Issucr Accounts Bank and (i) with the Collection
“Account Bank Required Ratings wit respect to the Collections Accounts Banks, and is
“horised to take deposits in Spain.

gible Institution Replacement Event" mcans the Collections Accounts Bank co
be an Eligible Istitson.

iible Paying Agent” means a depository institution organised under th laws of any state
which isa member of the Europcan Union, and is authorised o take deposit in Spain.

igible Reccivable” means a Reccivabl saisfving the Eigbiliy Criteria.

“Encrypted Data File” means tt electronic and cnerppted file containing ho personal data
af he Borrowers provided in respect af () cach Borrower for cach Purchased Reccivables
idemificd in the latest Sale Offer and () cach Borrower of an outstanding Purchased
Rescivable, The data tape will b sent by the Service to ho Management Company on or
rior the Fund Incorporan Date and on cach Monthly Reporting Dato

“Enforcement Event” means the oscurence of a Servicer Termination Event which is
ontinsing and has not been cured within the relevant cure period.

:ONIA” mans, in respect of cach Interes Accrual Period, the rato equal o the overnight
ate as calculated by the ECB and appcaring on the Relevant Sercen Page two (2) TARGET2
Business Days before th date on which such Interest Accrual Period begins.

“ESMA” means the European Securities and Markets Authority.

“EURIBOR” means th Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period as calculated in
“accordance with paragraph (b) of section 4.86 of the Securtics Not.

JUCJ" means the European Union Court ol Justice.


ral for

'urosystem Eligible Collaeral” means the asses recognised as cligible e
Eurosystem monctary policy and inta-day credit operations by the Eurosystem cher upon.
issue or at any or all times during cir life

“Euro-Zone” means hc region comprised of member stes of the Europcan Union that adopt
hc single cumency in accordance with the Treaty esablihing tho European Community
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amendod by the Trety on Europcan Union (signed in
Maastricht on 7 Februsry 1992)

xpenses Facility Interest Amount" means with respect to the Expenses Subordinated
Facility an amount calculated on the basis ofan annual interest rate, which will be EONIA +
002%, payable on cach Momhly Payment Date subject to the applicable Priority of
Payments. The interest rate cannot be lower than 0%.

“Expenses Facility Principal Amount” mcans, as calculated by the Management Company
in respect of cach Monthly Payment Date, an amount cqui
Amount ace deducting the amownts ranking ahad of it in th relevant Priority of Payments.

to the Available Distribution

penses Subordinated Facility"
Subordinated Facility Agreement

ans the credit facility granted under the Expenses

“Expenses Subordinated Facility Agreement” mcans the credit Facility agrecment dated 7
April 2017 and mado between the Fund, represeted by the Management Company and the
Expenses Subordinated Facil Provider

penses Subordinated Facility Provider” mcans the Seller

“Extraordinary Expenses” shall include:
(a) expenses atar incured in liquidating the Fund;

(6) expenses arsing from he preparation and formal exccuton of he amendment of he
Decd of Incorportion and ofthe Fund's Agreement, Prospectus Supplement as well
as forthe execution ol additional contract.

(6) the expenses necessary for the enforcement ofiho Rescivables and hose derived from
Alo necessary recovery actions;

(4) where applicable, the amount of Initial Expensos that cxcccds ie initial amount
available for Initial Expenses;

(e) — all fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid in order to preserve the
existence of the Fund or to maintain it in good standing or to comply with the
applicable legisation;

(0 any expenses incured in case oftermination of the issue ofa Notes Serios;

406


(8) extaordinary auditand legal advice expenses; and

(6) in general, any other extrxrdinary expenses incured by he Fund or by the
Management Company, on behalf of and forth account of the same.

“EATCA" mans the Forcign Account Tax Compliance Act.

“Financial Income” mans the income generated (ny) on credit balances of ho [ssuer
Accounts (except the Hed deral Accoum(s), if any). The interest accrued and
eredited into Hedging Collatral Accounts) (P any) will be transfered to the relevant
Hedging Counterparty in accordance with the relevant Hedging Agreement

Fiteh” means Fitch Ratings Españ,

“Fixed Rate Notes” means:

(a) — amy Class A Fixed Rate Notes;
(6) any Class B Fixed Rate Notes; and/or

(0) any Class C Fixed Rate Notes.

Rate Notes" mens
(2) amy Class A Flog Rate Notes:
(6) amy Class B Floating Rate Notes andíor
(6) any Class C Floating Rat Notes

“Fund Available Cash” means the monics standing from time to time to he credit of ho
Tssuer Accounts

“Fund Incorporation Date" means the date of execution of the Deed of Incorportion, on 7
Apeil2017.

“Fund Legal Maturity Date” means the date on which the Fund will be xtinguished, which
is scheduled forthe Momthly Payment Date of December 2092

“Fund Liquidation Date" means the date on which the Fund will be liquidated in accordance
vvith section 4:43 of the Registration Document

“Fund Liquidation Event” means the occurrence of any o he following circumstances:

(a) — ifso directed by the Soller, where the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of ll
¿utstanding Notes is equal or less than 109% of th aggregate Initial Principal Amount
Acro or

407


(0) where the Notes issued by the Fund are held solely by the Seller o here are no Notes
outstanding and the Seller requests the liqidation of Fund; or

(<) — mandato, if four (4) months have clapsed since the occurrence of an event giving
rise to ihe mandatory replacement of the Management Company due lo the
declaraton oPan insolvency proceeding (concurso) hercof (as provided in atcle 33
of Law 5/2015) or in case that ts authorisation to act as management company were
do be revoked without a new management company having been found that is
prepared to take over the management of th Fund appointed pursuant to section 37.1
of he Additional Building Block; or

(4) six (6) months priorto the Fund Legal Maturity Date; or

(c) — whenthe Management Company has th consent nd the expres acceptance o all ho
Notcholders and the counterparios to the Fund (including or the avoidance of doubt
he Seller), in relation to the payment of he amouns relato to the Early Liquidation
and the procedure to camy out such Early Liquidasion.

“Fund Non-Operative Expenses" mcans the Initial Expensos and the Note Seris Issue
Expenses.

“Further Note Series Issuance Conditions Precedent”

(a) the issue of any Note Series shall not result in the Maximum Outstanding Balance of
he Programme being execedod

(6) the Seheduled Amontistion Starting Date of any new Note Series shall fall ar 1ho
Scheduled Amontisaion Staring Date of any previously issued Note Series which
remains outstanding on the Issue Date of such new Note Series;

(e) — no Revolving Termination Event and no Accelerted Amonisation Event shall have
ccureds

(4) if the Class A Notes, Class B Notes and/or Class C Notes of any Note Serios bear
fosting rate, a Class A Hodging Agreement andíor a Class B Hedging Agreement
andar Class C Hedging Agreement have been entered into between the Fund and any
Eliible Hodging Counterpary unless such Class A Notes andíor Class E Notes
andior Class C Notes bara Maximum Interest Rat

(e) omthe Calculation Date corresponding to such Issue Date, the Management Company
has determined that th Class A Principal Defciency Ledger and the Class E:
Principal Deficiency Ledger will not be in ebit on the next Monthly Payment Date
añer the application of the Interes Priority of Payments;

(0 the Class A Notes of the new Note Senos to be istucd are assigned a preliminary
rating of “AA(hIghIIS)" and “AAS(50)" (or are preliminarily assigned Abc then

408


current rating of hc outstanding Class A Notes) respectively by DBRS and Pitt
andir he cquivalent ratings from the other Relevant Rating Agencies provided (|
always that the Class A Notes shall e matd at least by two 06 the Relevant Rating
Agencies and (he issuance of the Class A Notes docs no rsult in th downgrade:
or wihdraval by the Relevant Rating Agencies of the then current ring of
outstanding Class A Notes:

(8) as applicable, () the Class 1 Notes of the new Note Series to be issued as ho caso
may be) ae rated at least by bwo of the Relevant Rating Agencies and (i) any Class
B Notes are oustanding, (a) the Class 3 Notes o the new Note Serios are assigned
preliminarly at least the then curent rating oS the outstanding Class B Notes by the
Relevant Rating Agencies and (b) th issuance of he Class E Notes of he new Note
Series docs mot result in the downgrade or wihdraval by the Relevant Rating
Agencies ofthe then current rating oS the otstanding Class B Notes;

(6) if be Class C Notes of the new Note Series are Rated Notes, (i) th Class C Notes of
he new Note Series to be isued (a the case may be) ae rated at Least by two OS the
Relevant Rating Agencies;

6) the Class A Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or undenwrie or purchase
he Class A Notes af such Note Series with the signing of a Class A Notes
Subscription Agreement on or prior the Issue Date;

6 if amy the Class B3 Notes Subscribers have agrecd to subscribe for or undenwrite or
purchase the Class Notes (if any) of such Noto Seris with the signing ofa Clas E.
Notes Subscription Agreement on or prior the Issue Date; aná

0%) the Class C Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or undenvrite or purchase
he Class C Notes of such Note Series with the signing of a Class C Notes
Subscription Agrecment on or prior the Issue Dat,

:encral Account” means one of the Issuer Accounts on which the Available Collections
vil be credited by he Servir.

:encral Reserve Account” means one of the Issuer Accounts wi the Issucr Accounts
Bank for he purposes set out inte Decd of Incorporation

“General Reserve Amount” means, at any dat, the credit balance of the General Reserve
Account

“General Reserve” mcans any amount credited by the Se
and adjusted thercair, n accordance with the Deed of Incorporation

ler toto General Reserve Account

:eneral Reserve Decrease Amount” mcans, on any Monthly Payment Date during tho
Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortsation Period, the minimum
between (a) aná (b):


(a) being equal to the positive difference (if any) on such Monthly Payment Date
between:

6) (8) he credit balance of the General Reserve Account (before application o£
he Priority of Payments on such Monthly Payment Date and excluding the
Financial Incomes) les (y) the amount of the use made under the General
Rescrve Account on such Monthly Payment Date in accordance with items
(0) and () of he Interest Short Priority of Payments; and.

Gi) the applicable General Reserve Required Amount on such Monthly Payment
Date.

(0) being equal to the outstanding amount of ho General Reservo Subordinatod Faciliy
on such Monthly Payment Date (before applicaion of the Priority of Payments on
such Monthly Payment Date

The Gencral Reserve Decrease Amount shall be cque

to zero (0) during ho Programme
Accelerated Amonisation Period.

:eneral Reserve Increase Amount” icons, on any Isue Date during the Programme
Revolving Period when a new Note Series is isued, the amount hat the Seller shall credito
the General Reserve Account in onder to increase th credit balance of the General Reserve
“Account up to e General Reserve Required Amount as determincd by tbc Management
Company.

sencral. Reserve Interest Amount" means wi respect to the General. Reserve
Subordinated Facility an amount calculated on th basis of an annual imerest rato, which will
be EONIA + 002%, payable on cach Momhly Payment Date subjeet to the applicable Priority
of Payments. The interest ate cannot be lower than 0%.

:eneral Reserve Replenishment Amount” means, on any MonthIy Payment Date when no
exw Note Series is issued, the amount cqual to the diference (f ositive) betwcen () the
¡General Reserve Required Amount as of such Monthly Payment Date and () he then current
red balance ofthe General Reserve Account

“General Reserve Required Amount” means on any Monthly Payment Dat th sum of:
(a) the Class A Gencral Reserve Required Amount and

(0) the Class B General Reserve Required Amos

“General Reserve Shortfall Amount" mmcans, as calculated in respect of cach Monthly
Payment Date

(2) During the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, the positive diference between () and (0:

ao


6) is qual 0 th aggregate amount of ll uses made under the General Reserve
“Account in accordance with th relevant Priority of Payments since the Fund
Incorporation Date (including any usc to be made as hc case may be on such
Monthly Payment Dat);

6) is equal to he sum of

(A) the ageregate amount of all General Reserve Replenishment
Amownts made since the Fund Incorpormion Date (including any
General Reserve Replenishment Amount to be mado us the cas may
be on such Monthly Payment Date); and

e

eMetively repaid to the General Reservo Subordínated Facility
Provider sine the Fund Incorporation Date (excluding the General
Reserve Shortíall Amount to be repid as the case may be on such
Monthly Payment Date).

(6). During the Programme Aceclerated Amortiation Period, the outstanding amount of
he General Reserve Subordinated Faciliy on such Monthly Payment Dato (before
the spplicaion af the Priority of Payments on such Monthly Payment Date)

“General Reserve Subordinated Facility" mcans the credit facility granted under the
¡General Reserve Subordinatod Facility Agreement

:eneral Reserve Subordinated Facility Agreement” means the credit facility agreement
dated 7 April 2017 and made between the Fund, represented by the Management Company
“and the General Reserve Subordinated Facil Provider

“General Reserve Subordinated Facil

y Provider” means the Seller

“General Tax Regulations" mcans the General Regulations regarding tax management and
inspection courses of action and procedures and developing the common. rules of tax
application procedures, passed by Royal Decres 1065/2007, ol 27 July (Reglamento General
de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria yde desarrollo de
las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tribuos, aprobado por el
Real Decreto 1065/2007, de 27 de juli).

“Global Coordinator” means the arranger and global coordintor specific in any Issuing
Document with respost o the issuc and the placement of a Note Series. Th Arrangers will ct
as Global Coondinators in respect aho first Note Series

“Glossary of Terms" means this glossary including tho defined terms used in this Base
Prospectus.

a


¡deline” means the Guideline of the European Central Bank, of 20 September 2011, on
monctary policy instruments and procedures of the Eurosystem (recai) (ECB/2011/14) as
amended and applicable fom time to time,

“Hedged Notes” means the Notes of a Class of Notes hodged by the entering ino a Hedging
Agrcement

“Hedging Agreement” mens:

(2) any Class A Hodging Agreement: and/or

(6) — any Class B Hodging Agreement; andíor
(e) — any Class C Hedging Agreement

“Hedging Collateral Account Priority ol Payments" mcuns the priority of payments
applicable to payments debitod and made by the Fund from the Hedging Collateral Accounts
(including in relation to the payment of the Hedging Senior Termination Payment, tho
Hedging Subordinatod Termination Payment and the Replacement Hedging Premium)

icdging Collateral Account Surplus
Hodging Co

relevant outgoing Hedging Counterary, in accordance with the Hodging Collateral Account
Priority of Payments,

mcans the surplus remaining (if any) in any
iral Account, following satisfaction in full of all amouns owing to the

“Hodging Collateral Accounts” means, wih respect to the Notes of any Note Series and
with respect to any Hedging Counterpaty, the hedging collateral accounts hold and
montan with the Issucr Accounts Bank on which will e credited () th colltral, in ho
form of ash or securitis which is required to be trnsferrd by any Hedging Counterparty in
favour of the Fund pursuan to the terms of ho applicable Hedging Agreement; () any
intere, disributions thercon and liquidation procceds on or o such collatera; (Gi) any
Hedging Counterpany Termination Amounts; and (v) any Replacement Hedging Premium
id by a replacement hedging counterpaty 0 the Fund. The Hodging Collatral Accounis
may comprise a cash collateral account (the Hedging Collateral Cash Account) and a
securitiscollateral account, (the Hedging Colliteral Securities Account).

“Hodging Counterparty” mcans the entity specific in any Isuing Document with respect to
Ae issue of a Note Series with Class A Floating Rate Notes and/or Class 1 Floating Rate
Notes andíor Class C Floating Rate Notes which interest ate ís hedged wilh Hodging
Agrcements

ding Counterparty Required Ratings” means, with respect to the Eigble Hedging
Coumterpary (or any successor or cligibl replacement or guarantr) he required ratings of
such Hedging Coumterpay, as specfid in any Issuing Document with respect to the issue of
Floating Rate Notes o any Not Seres

an


icdging Counterparty Termination Amount” imcans, with respect lo a Hedging
Agreement, on any date, hc aggregate of hc cary termination amount due and payable by
hc relevant Hodging Coumerpary to the Fund as a result of an Event of Deflt or a
Termination Event (in cach case as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement)

“Hodging Counterparty Termination Amount Surplus” means on any date for relevant
Hodging Agreement the surplus betwcen ho Hedging Counterparty Termination Amount and
any Replacement Hedging Premium which sb

ounterpaty ostside the Priority of Payments

be paid to any replacement hedging

“Hodging Net Amount” means, with respect to any Hodging Agreement, the positivo
difirence corresponding to the ncting of () any amount to be paid by the Fund to any
Hedging Counerparty under any Hedging Agreement and () any amount to be paid by any
Hedging Counterpary (or any guarantr) to the Fund under such Hodging Agreement, so that
the relevant party will only pay to the other party the nt amount (P positive) resulting from
such nettng. For the avoidance of doubt, any (a) Hedging Counterpaty Termination Amount,
Hedging Senior Termination Payment, Hedging Subordinated Termination Payment o (b)
collateral transfcrred by a Hedging Counterpaty prior to the occurtence of am carl
termination date under the relevant Hodging Agrcement shall not be included án the
calculation of Hedging Not Amount

“Hodging Senior Termination Payment" mcans in relation to any Hedging Agreement hc
sum of any termination payments due and payable by the Fund to the relevant Eligible
Hodging Counterparty under such Hedging Agreoment other han asa result of the occurrence
df (a) an Event of Default or (b) a Termination Exent (n cuch caso (a) and () as defined in
he relevant Hedging Agreement), where the Eligible Hedging Countepary ís not the
Defauiting Party or the Alfected Pany, as applicable (in cah case as defined in ho relevant
Hodging Agreement).

“Hodging Subordinated Termination Payment” mmcans in relation to any Hedging
Agreement, hc sum of any termination payments duc and payable by the Fund to th relevant
Eliible Hedging Countemparty under such Hodging Agreement as result of the occurtence
fa) an Event of Default or (9) a Termination Event (othr than a Tax Event or legaliy) (in
ach case (a) and (b) as defined in the relevant Hedging Agreement) where the Eigible
Hedging Counterpay is the Defaulting Party or the Afectod Party, as applicable (in cah
ase as defined in the relevant Hodging Agreement)

“IBERCLEAR” means the entity “Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro,
“Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A.

“Ilegality” has th maca

scribed in ho relevant Hedging Agreement

“Ineligible Client Account” means Client Account ($) which docs not meet ho applicable
Ebiibiliy Criteria at any time añer the Initial Transfer of Reccivables arsing from such.
Client Account or (il) a Purchased Reccivable of which has been (or will be) subject to an
amendment, varition or waiver not mitigated by he payment of a Seller Diluion in

an


accordance with section 372.12(cX1), and cleted to be repurchased by ihe Seller in
“accordance with section 3.72.12(cX

tal Expenses” mcons the estimate o he initial expenses incurred in the incorpoation of
te Fund and dislosed in section 6.1 the Securitics Noto

tal Note Seres Issuance Cons

lons Precedent":

(a) the Class A Notes of le Note Series o be issued ae assigned a prliminary rating of
“AM(highs)" and “AAH(50) respectively by DBRS and Fitch;

(6) the Class A Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or undenvrite or purchase
he Class A Notes af such Note Series with the signing of a Class A Notes
Subscription Agreement on or prior the Issue Date and

(6) the Class C Notes Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for or undenvrite or purchase
he Class C Notes of such Note Series with the signing of a Class C Notes
Subscription Agrecment on or prior the Issue Dat,

“Initial Principal Amount” means, with respect to cach Class of Notes of any Note Serios,
Ae principal amount of such Class of Notes om tir Isue Date.

tial Transfer” means, with respect to any Eliible Reccivable derving from a Credit
Card Agreement which has not already cen the subject of an Initial Transfer, the initial
transfer of any Eligible Reccivable derivng from such Credit Card Agreement by he Seller
o the Fund,

“Insolveney Law" means Law 22/2005, o 9 July, on Insolvency (Ley 22/2003, de 9 de julio
Ley Concursal)

“Imsolveney Event” means, will respcet to any entity, a declaation of insolvency
(declaración de concurso) (or ny analogous procedure in any jurisictin) in respect thereo,

“Instalment” means with respect to cach Credit Card Agreement and on any Instalment Due
Date, the scheduled and unschodaled (in case of any prepayment or amicable recovery which
are paid by the relevant Borrower o the Seller with direct debit on the basis Of mutual
agreement betcen the Seller and such Borrower) amount of principal and interest due and
payable (which is at last cqual to th Monthly Minimum Instalmn) on. such date, in
“accordance with the terms of he Credit Card Agreement

“Instalment Due Date” means, with respect to cach Credit Card Agreement, the monthly
date as agrecd betwcen ho Seller or the Servicr, as the case may be, and tho Borrower from
meto time, on which payment of principal and intros is due and payable.

“Insurance Indermifications” means any amount payablo to the Seller under any Insurance
Policies enter into by the relevant Borrower in connection with ny Credit Card Agreement

mm


“Insurance Policies? means the optional insurance policies entered into by the Borrowers in
connection with any Credit Card Agreement in respect of which the Sel
remains, designatod as "bencficiary" (encfiiario).

x has been, and

“Insurance Premia” means the insurance premia pay
«onnection with Purchascd Reccivables

le to the Insurance Companies in

“Interchange Fees" mcans the feos reccived by the Seller as member participating in ho
MasterCard£ associations s partial compensatin, for amongst oler things, taking credit
visk and bsorbing fraud loss. nterchange Feos are not tranferred to th Fund.

“Interest Account” means one of the Issuer Accounts held with the Isucr Accounts Bank to
vwbich is standing the Available Interest Amount

“Interest Accrual Period” means cach of he consecutivo interest accrual periods applicable
to the relevant Subordinated Facility comprising the days iMetively clapsed between cach
Monthly Payment Dat, including in ach Interest Accrual Period e initial Monthly Payment
Date and excluding ho final Monthly Payment Date.

“Interest Determination Date” with respect to any Floating Rate Notes and in relation to an
Interest Period, the date specified as such in he relevant Isuing Document or, if none is so
specified, two (2) Business Days before the date on which such Interes Period begins

“Interest Distribution Ledger” means a ledger within ho Interst Account in relation o a
specific Class of Notes oP a Note Series with a Quarterly Payment Date, Semi- Annual
Payment Date or Annual Payment Date.

“Interest Period” mcens:

(a) with respect to all Classes of Notes of any Note Serics during the Programme
Revolving Period and the Programme Amortiation Period, any period beginning on
(and including) the previous Payment Date and ending on (but cxcluding) such
Payment Date, save for th first Interest Period of amy Note Seres which shall begin
on (and include) s applicable, ho Disbursement Date of such Note Series and shall
end on (but cxclude) the fist Payment Date specified in the relevant Issuing.
Document; aná

(0) with respest to all Classes of Notes of any Note Serics during the Programme
Accclerted Amortisation Period, any period beginning on (and including) the
previous Monthly Payment Date and ending on (but cxcluding) such Monthly
Payment Date; save for the first Interest Period during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisation Period of any Note Serics which shall begin on (and include) the
previous Payment Date and shall end on (but excludo) the fest Monthly Payment
Date ofsuch Note Series.


“Interest Rate" mcans th rat or rats (including, for hc avoidance of doubt, any Relevant
Margin, Step-up Interest Rate or Step-up Margin) expressed as a percentage per year of
interest payable in respect of any Notes issued under th Programme specified in hc relevant
Issuing Document or calculated or determined in sccordance with the provisions of section
4.8 of the Sccuriis Note and/or the relevant Issuing Document

“Interest Shortfall Priority of Payments” set out in section 3472 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

“Intermoney Tiulización” means Incrmoney Tiulización, SG.E.T., S.A

“Investor Available Amortisaion Amount” mesos on any Calculation Date during the
Programme Revolving Period and ho Programme Amortisation Period, the sum of the Note
Series 20xx-yy Total Available Amortisation Amount oPall Note Series.

“Investor Report” has the meaning given to this term in section 4.1.3.1 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

“Investor Share" means, on any Calculation Date, the ato between:

(a) the aggrogate of Principal Amount Outstanding oS all outstanding Note Seres on
he last Monthly Payment Date (taking into account any redemption of any Class of
Notes of any Note Series or any funhor issue of Note Seris, lo be made on or before
he next immediately Monthly Payment Date)

(0) the minimum between:
6 thesumor

(A) — the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchascd Reccivables
(excluding any Non-Compliant Reccivables) under the Performing.
Client Accounts as of the immediately prior Cut-O1 Date to such
Calculation Dat: plas

(E) the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchased Reccivables
transferred in the contest of Initial Transfers on the Purchase Date
prior o the Calculation Date minus

(C) — the Outstanding Principal Balances of any outstanding Purchascd
Reccivables (other ihan ihose deriving from Defaulted. Client
Accounts or Non-Compliant Client Accounis) repurchased by the
Selleron such Calculation Dat;

Gi) the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Note Series as of the Monthly

Payment Date immedinely following such Calculation Date (king into
account any redemption or issuance of Note Serios to be mado betwcen on or

16


before Ah next Monthly Payment Date), mulilicd by the sum ofi) one and
(the Required Seller Share.

“Irrevocable Power of Attorney" means the irrevocable power of atorney granted by the
Servicer in favour of the Management Company, acting in the name of he Fund, in relation to
he Pledge in order to ensure compliance with hc underiakings assumed by vintuc of the
Colietions Accounts Security Document.

“IRSs" means interest ate swap transaction

“ISDA Credit Support Amex" mans the schedul and the credit support amnex to Aho
ISDA Master Agreement

“ISDA Master Agreement” means the master nttng agreement in hc form of the 2002
ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurtency-Cross Border), as published by he International
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc

sue Date” means (6) with respect to the fist Note Series issucd by tho Fund, the Fund
Incorporation Date and (i) for any other Note Series issucd by the Fund during the
Programme Revolving Period, five (5) busines days before a Monthly Payment Date

Issuer" means the Fund.

“Issuer Accounts” mcans the following accounts of hc Fund: (í) he General Account, (4)
he Interest Account, ió) the Principal Account, (iv) the Revalving Account, (4) the General
Reserve Account, (vi) the Commingling Reserve Account (vi) he Spread Account and (vii)
any Hedging Collatral Account in relation to ny Eligble Hedging Counterpaty. The Isuer
“Accounts shall be held and operated by ho Issuer Accounts Bank undor th terms set ost in
section 34.5 ofthe Additional Building Block.

“Issuer Accounts Bank” mcans Banco Santander, S.A. or, the appointment of Banco
Santander, SA, is terminated, such oxhor bank as appointed by the Management Company.

“Lssuer Accounts Bank Substitution Requirements”.

(2) TheNew Issue Accounts Bank
(0) isacreditisttion doy authors to provide banking services in Spain;
(o is an Eligible Instan having a cast he Account Bank Required Ratings:
(ió) has, in the Management Company opinion, extensive experience and a

roven operational track record in funcions similar to those described in

(Y) in the Management Company's cpinion can assume in substance the rights
and obligations of le Issuer Accounts Hank; and

a


(0) shall have agrecd with ho Management Company to perform the duties and
bligations o the Issuer Accounts Bank

(6) the Relevant Rating Agencies shall have been given prior notice of such subsiuion
and such substittion shall not ental the downgrade or withdrawal of any of the
ratings then assigned by the Relevant Rating Agencies 1 the Notes; and

(e) — such substiution is made in compliance with ihe Alen applicable laws and
regul

Lssuer Accounts Bank Termination Event” means any a he following events:

(2) — amy material representaion or warranty mado by the Isucr Accounts Bank under any
Programme Document to which it ás a party is ar proves to have been incorrect or
misicading in any meteria respect when made, and the same is not remedicd (4
capable of remedy) wilhin five (5) Business Days afer the Management Company
has given notice thercof to the ssucr Accounts Bank or (if sooner) the Issuer
Accounts Bank has knowledge of he same, provided tha hc Management Company.
at lts discrtion,cerifcs that ít is material and prejudiial to the interss of the
Noteholders;

(0) the Issuer Accounts Bank has fslod to comply with any of is material ot
under any Programme Document to which it isa party unless such bresch is capable
of remedy and is remediod wilhin five (5) Business Days añer the Ma
Company has given notice theroof to the Issucr Accounts Bank or (if sooner) the
Issuer Accounts Bank has knowledge of hc same, provided that the Management
Company, at ts disretio, crtfcs tha it is material and prejudicial o th interests
fe Noteholders;

(e) am Insolveney Event occur in respec of he Issucr Accounts Bank

(4) at any time ti or becomes unlawful for the Issuer Accounts Bank 10 perform or
«omply with any or ll ofits material obligations under any Programme Document to
vwbich deis a pary or any or all of its material obligations under any Programme.
Documento which its a party are not, or ccase to be, legal, valid and binding;

(e) — amy filre by the Isuer Accounts Bank to make any payment undor any Programme
Documents to which its party, when dus, except ¡Puch failure is due to technical
or administrative reasons and is remedicd within fiv (5) Business Days añcr such
Failure; or

(0) the ssuer Accounts Bank ccasosto be an Eligibl Insttuion.

suer Operating Expenses” mcans he Ordinary Expenses and the Extraodinary Expenses

ae


suing Document” cach document executed by the Management Company, for and on
behalf of the Fund, whercby the issuance of Notes of he succesive Notes Series will be
instrumented, including, cach Final Terms, cach Terms and Conditions and cach Deed of
Josue

Banking Act" means Legislativo Decrec No. 385 of September 1993, as amended.

“Htalian Securitics and Exchange Commission” or “CONSOB" means the Commissione
Nazionale perl Socie ela Bosa,

alian Financial Services Act” means hc Legistativo Decrec No. $$ of 24 February 1998,

asamended.

alian Regulation No. 11971" means CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as
amended from time to time.

“Japan Financial Instruments and Exchange Act" mans the Finan
Exchange ActofJapan (Act No, 25 of 1948, as amended),

Lostruments and

“Joint Lead Managers" means Banco Santander, S.A. and Natxis in connection with ho
first Note Series issued by the Fund.

“Judgment” means the Judgment 628/2015 of 25 November issued by the Spanish Supremo
Court

“Law S/2015" means Law 5/2015, 0127 April on the Business Financing Promotion,

aw 10/2014" means Law 10/2014, o£26 June, on regulation, supervision ad solvency ol
credit initurions (Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de
entidades de crédio)

“Law 16/2011" means Law 160011, of 24 June, on Consumer Credit Contracts (Ley
16/2011, de 24 de junio, de contratos de rédito al consumo).

aw 27/2014" means Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on Corporate Income

“Law of Repression of Usury” means Ley de 23 de julio de 1908, de la Usura.

“Legislativo Royal Decree 4/2015" or the “Securities Market Law'mcans Legislativo
Royal Decres 4/2015, dated 23 October, approving the consolidated text of 1ho Securitics
Market Law.

“Management Company" mans ntermoncy Tituización, S.G.E-T

“Management Report” mcans the management report prepared by the Mar
Company.

0


“MARF' mesos the Alternativo Fixed-Income Market. MARF it is an unregulatod market

“Margin" means the murgins applicable to Ahe Flating Rate Notes and which shall bo

specified in the applicable Issuing Document

“Master Definitions Agreement” means the master defintions agreement dated 7 April 2017
(as amended ando estated fom tim o time in relation to the issue of any Note Series) and
made between the Management Company, the Fund, the Seller, the Setvicer, the
Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility Provider, the Expenses Subordinated Facil
Provider, the General Reservo Subordinated Facility Provider, he Seller Interest Credit
Faciliy Provider, the Issuce Accounts Bank and thc Paying Agent

“Master Receivables Sale and Purchase Agreement" mcans the master reccivables sal and
purchase agreement dted 7 April 2017 and made between the Management Company and the
Seller

“Master Servicer” means the Management Company as master sevicer of the Purchased
Reccivables pursuant to article 26.1) af Law 5/2015,

“Maximum Addition Amount” means, with respect to hc ofer of the Rescivables to be sold
“and tranferrd by the Seller to the Fund in the conte of Initial Transfers (oy), citria
which s satisfied if, on any applicable Purchase Date during the Programme Revolving
Period and the Programme Amorisation Period conditions (1) and (2) below are both
satis

(a) — Condition(1): AC is qual to, or ess than, hc product of B" and C”, where:

>A? is equal to the ageregate mumber of now Eligible Reccivables assigned in the
context of Initial Transfers during th last bwelve (12) months precoding such
applicable Purchase Date (or sine th Fund Incorporaion Date if the applicable
Purchase Date occur less than Iwelve (12) months añr the Fund Incorporation
Date), including hc mumber of Eligible Reccivables to e trnsfored in he context oP
Initial Transfers on such applicable Purchase Date:

48" is equal to the maximum between () (1) and (li) debajo de

6) the agregate mumber of outstanding Purchasod Reccivables as of the
proceding Purchase Date which occurred on the bwelfh month before such
applicable Purchase Date;

Gi) the aggregate mumber of outstanding Purchasod Reccivables as of the

Purchase Date immediately following the date on which the Relevant Rating
Agencies have confirmed that the sale and transfer of Reccivables on such
Purchase Date vill not result in a downgrade or wihdraval of the then
current ratings of the Notes by the Relevant Rating Agencies, provided that
his paragraph () wosld be only be taken into account for the calculaion of

20


E where the Fund has requested confirmation of hs ratings af the Rated
Noles by the Relevant Rating Agencies to cxcced the Maximum Addiion
Amount on a Purchase Date in the past;

(Gi) the aggregate mumber of outstanding Purchasod Reccivables as of the
Purchase Date on which ho Relevant Rating Agencies have confirmed that
he issuancs oa funther Note Serics on such Purchase Date will no result in
a downgrade or withdrawal of hc then current ratings ot then outstanding
Notes by the Relevant Rating Agencies (including the Fund Incorporation|
Dated

:C” is equal ta 25 percent. (259%) (or any other percentage otherwise specific in ho
last Prospectus Supplement),

(6). Condition(2):A' is qual to, or ess than, hc product o B" and C”, where:

:A0” is cqual o the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of new Eligible
Reccivables transferod in the context of Initial Transfers during th lat twelve (12)
months preceding such applicable Purchase Date or since the Fund Incorporation
Date if the applicable Purchase Date occurs less than twelve (12) months añcr the
Fund Incorporaion Date) including the Outstanding Principal Balance of Eligible
Rescivables to bo transferred in the contest of Initial Transfers on such applicable

Purchase Date;
48" is equal he maximum between (5), and (ii) debajo de
6) the aggregate Outstanding Principal. Balance of ouistanding. Purchased

Rescivables us of the preceding Purchase Date which occurred on the bwelfh
month before such applicable Purchase Date;

Gi) the aggregate Outstanding Principal. Balance of outstanding Purchased
Rescivables as of the Purchase Date immediately following the last date on
vwbich the Relevant Rating Agencies have confirmed tha the sale and transfer
af Reccivables on such Purchase Dato will nt result in a downgrade or
vvithdrawal af the then current ratings of ho Rated Notes by th Relevant
Rating Agencios, provided that this paragraph (1) would be only be taken
ito sccount for the calculon of E where the Fund has requested
confirmation af the ratings of the Rated Notes by the Relevant Rating
Agencies to excccd the Maximum Adéition Amount on a Purchase Date in
Ae past

(ii) the aggregate Outstanding Principal. Balance of outstanding. Purchased!
Rescivables as a thc Purchase Date on which the Relevant Rating Agencies
have confirmed that the issuance of a fumher Note Seres on such Purchase
Date vil not result in a downgrade or withdrawal of he then curent ratings

sn


af the then outstanding Rated Notes by the Relevant Rating Agencies
(ncluding the Fund Incorportion Date)

AC" is equal to 25 per cent. (29%) or any oler percentage olherviso specific in
he lat Prospectus Supplement)

“Maximum Commán Amount” means th total

18 Reserve Subordinated Faci
amount of the Commingling Reserve Subordinated Facility which shall be EUR
30,000,000.00 (as such amount may be varied from time t timo)

“Maximum Expenses Subordinated Facility Amount” mcans the total amount of tbc
Expenses Subordinated Facility which hall be EUR. 750,000 (as such amount may be varied
from time to time).

“Maximum General Reserve Subordinated Facility Amount” means hc total amount of
he General Reservo Subordinated Facility which shall be EUR 5,640,000 (as such amount
may be varied from time o timo)

“Maximum Interest Rate" means, with respeto any Floating Rate Notes of any Note
Serios, the maximum interest rate, if applicable, as specificd in Abe relevant Issuing.
Document

“Maximum Outstanding Balance of the Programme" mcans the meximum ageregate
Outstanding Principal Balance of sll Note Series from time to time outstanding under the
Programme, which as ot date of this Base Prospectus must not excccd EUR two bilion
(€2,000,000,000), The issue of any Noto Series shall not result in the Maximum Outstanding
Balance of the Programm being execeded.

“Maximum Portfolio Amount” mcans, at any given time, hc Ouistanding Principal Balance
fe Reccivablestranfered to the Fund which shall nt excced EUR 3,000,000.00.

“Maximum Seller Interest Credit Facility Amount" means th total amount of ho Seller
Interest Facility which shall bo EUR 2,000,000,000 (as such amount may be vario from timo

to timo),

“Mazars" meens MAZARS Auditores, SLP.

“Minimum Interest Rate” means, with respect to any Floating Rato Notes of any Note
Serio, the minimum interest rat, if applicable, as speciicd in th applicable Issuing.
Document

inimum Portfolio Amount” means an amount as determined by the Management
Company on any Determination Date and equal to the product of

(a) — the theoretical Principal Amount Outstanding of al Note Seres as of the Monthly
Payment Date immediately following such Determination Date (taking into account
any redemplion or issuance of Note Serie to be made betwcen on or before the next

2


Monthly Payment Date that would have ben communicate to the Management
Company on o before such date), and

(6) thesumor
0 ona

Gi) the applicable Required Seller Share on hc Determination Date

¡mum Portfolio Amount Condition” means the condition that shall be dosmed to have
been satisfied on any Calculaion Date during 1he Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortisñon Period fth Minimum Portfolio Amount is lower than:

(2) the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchasod Reccivables (excluding any
Now:Compliant Reccivables) under the Performing Client Accounts as of the
immediately prior Cut:O4f Date to such Calculation Date; plas

(6) the Outstanding Principal Balances of tho Purchased Reccivables transfered in the
context of Initial Transfers on the Purchase Date prior to the Calculation Date

(included) minus.

(6) the Outstanding Principal Balances of ny outstanding Purchased Reccivables (thor
tan those deriving from Defaulted Client Accounts or Non-Compliant Client
Accounts) repurchasod by the Seller on such Calculaion Date

mum Purchase Amount” means on, any Determination Date during the Programme
Revolving Periad, ho amount recorded by the Management Company in respect of the
aggregate of Outstanding Principal Balances oh Reccivable to be purchased by the Fund,
if any, on the Purchase Date following such Determination Date, but only in the context of
Initial Transfers, and equal o the positive difference between:

(2) the Minimum Portfolio Amount; and

(6) the Outstanding Principal Balances af ll Purchased Reccivables (excluding any Non-
Complian Reccivables) relting to all Performing Client Accounts as at he Cut-O4P
Date immediately preceding such Determination Date, less any contemplated
repurchase of Purchased Reccivables by Ahc Seller with respect to Client Accounts
her than Non-Compliant Client Accounts and Defsulted Client Accounts, which.
would have been communicated by the Seller on such Determination Date),

“Monthly Amortisation Amount” mcans, with respect o the Class A Notes, the Class
Noxes and th Class C Notes oPall Note Series and hc relevant Priority of Payments

(a) the Class A Notes Monthly Amortisation Amount

(6) the Class B Notes Monihly Amorisation Amount; andíor

sn


(e) the Class C Notes Monthly Amorisasion Amos

“Monthly Biling Period" means the monthly biling periods or payment cycle on which ho
Drawings under he Client Account ae accounted for, which sais on the twenty fest (215)
day of cach calendar month and ends on the twenticth (20) day of th following calendar
mom and is referred to in to Credit Card Agreements as “bilimg period” (periodo de
Liquidación)

“Monthly Interest Amount" means, with respect to the Class A Notes, Class B Notes and
he Class C Notes of all Note Serics and the relevant Priority of Payments:

(a) the Class A Notes Monthly Interest Amount;
(6) the Class B Notes Monbly Interest Amount; and/or
(6) the Class C Notes Monthly Interest Amos

“Monthly Hedging Net Amount" means, with respec to all Classes of Notes of all Nate
Serie ande relevant Priority of Payments

(a) — the Class A Monthly Hedging Not Amounis;
(6) the Class B Monthly Hedging Net Amount and/or
(c) the Class C Monthly Hedging Net Amouns.

“Monthly Minimum Instalment” mcens the amount of cach monthly payment dus by the

Borronwer set in the Credit Card Agreement and which shall be the lower of

(2) the full outstanding debt of Borrower (comprising principal, cai
rdinary interes and any other amount due by the Borrower); or

(0) a fixed pre-agrood amount st in the Credit Card Agreement (wbich shall bo at least
qual o 3% of he Credit Limit it a minimum of EUR 15).

“Monthly Non-Direct Debit Payment Rate” means as calculated in respect of cach
Calculaion Date, the ratio between:

(a) — the Nor-Direct Debit Payment collected on the Performing Purchased Receivables
during hc Collection Period immediately preceding such Calculion Date; and

(6) the Outstanding Principal Balance 06 the Performing Purchased Roscivables as o ho
immediately preceding Cu-0/ Date.

“Monthly Payment Date” means the day flling on ho 26th in cach month of cach year
(Gsubjec to the Modified Following Business Day Convention). For clarificarion purposes, he
Fist Monihly Payment Date ar the Fund Incorporation Date vil be 26 June 2017.

2.


“Monthly Prepayment Rate” means as calculated in respect of cach Calo
ratio between

(a) the Prepaid Amount collected on the Performing Purchased Rescivables doring the
Collection Period immediately preceding such Calcuation Dat; and

(6) the Outstanding Principal Balance 06 the Performing Purchased Roscivables as o ho
second immediately preceding Cut-OfP Date

“Monthly Reporting Date” means the fis (1st) calendar day o cach month, and where such
day is mota Business Day, the Business Day immediately thercaÑer on or before which the
Servicer shall provide the Management Company with iho Monthly Services Report with
respect to the preceding Collection Period. For claifcasion purposes, the first Monthly
Reporting Date af hc Fund Incorporaion Date will be 1 May 2017,

“Monthly Servicer Report" mcans cach computer fil stablishod by the Servicer and
supplied by it on cach relevant Monthly Reporting Date to the Management Company.

“Moody's” means Moody's Investors Service España, SA

“MPPR” means monthly principal payment rat,

lew Client Account Purchase Report” means the clctronc files with account by account
information related to the selected Eligible Reccivables with respect to the information
available on the applicable Selection Date delivered by th Soller to the Management
Company om he Selection Date in the context of Initial Transfers.

lew Issuer Accounts Bank” means the now Funds accounts bank appointed by the
Mar
Bank

:ement Company upon recciving an carl termination notice by the Issucr Accounts

lew Paying Agent" mcans tho new Funds paying agent appoined by the Management
Company upon receiving an carlytermination notice by th Paying Agent

“Non-Compliant Client Account” means a Client Account composed in par or in ful of
Nos:CompliantReccivable(s) and which is notan Icligible Client Account

“Non-Compliant Receivable" mcans any Purchased Reccivable which docs not comply wit
he Eligbiliy Criteria on th elevant Purchase Dato

“Non-Compliant Repurchase Amount” mcans an amount payable by the Soler equal to:
(a) the hen aggregato Outstanding Principal Balance of cach Non-Compliant Reccivable

and any other outstanding Purchased Reccivables arisen from the sam Client
Account; plas


(0) — amy accrucd and umpuid outstanding interest tbercon sil (but cxcluding) the
Effective Repurchase Date,

asf such Effective Repurchase Date. Payment vil be cected on the immedintely following
Calculation Dat,

“Non-Curable Event” means:

(a) — any breach by the Sorvicer of lis obligations to transfer moni to the General
Account on the Business Day following the date on which such monies ac reccived
by the Seller

(0) subject lo (a) above, any bresch by the Servicer of any of its monctary obligations
when due under any Programme Document to which isa party (except ifthe reach
is due to force majcure).

(<) — the occurrence of any ofthe following events in respect ofthe Service:

6) The Service is unable or admis inbility to pay lts debts as hy fal! due,
suspends making payments on any of lts debts or by reason of actual or
anticipated financial diíiclis, commences negotstins with one or more
fits creditor wáth a view o reschdiling any oPits indebtedness

(Except s provided below, any corporate action, legal proccedings or other
procedure or ste taken in relation to:

(A) — a declaraion of insolvency (concurso), winding up, intervention,
dissolution, administration or reorganistion (by way of volumtary
arrangemen, scheme o arangement or otherwise) o he Servicr;

(8) — a composition, compromiso, assignment or arrangement with any
ereditr of the Servier being owed more than £15,000,000 or (i) a
number of creditrs of he Servicer being owd in aggre
than €l5,000,000, in che case, by reason of actual or aticipated

difficult

finan

(C) the appointment of a liqidator, administrator judicial or oherwise)
compulsory manager or other similar oficer in respect of the
Servicer or any oPits asets;

(D) — the revocatin, withdrawal or suspension by th Bank of Spain o he
license of the Servicer as an EEC or th taking of any discplinary.
resolution, recopitaliation or recovery action against the Servicer
úpursuant to Tegisaton implementing Directivo 2014/59/EU o the
Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2013, in any jurisdiction

2.


ive effct on the ability of th Servicer to
perform its obligations under any Programme Document; or

(E) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jursdition,

provided however that no such event would have occurred if'any petition is fivolows
or vexatious and is discharged, stayod or dismissed swilhin 30 days of

(4) at amy time (5) ts or becomes unlawíal for the Servicr to perform or comply with
any or all of its material obligations under th Servicing Agreement or () any or sl!
of lts material obligaions under the Servicing Agreement arc nol, or cese to be,

valid and binding (including s a result of any act, omission, failure default or
misconduct of the Servicer).

“Non-Direet Debit Payment” means, on any Calculation Date, in respec of the Col
Period immediately preceding such Calcul the aggregate of the non-diect debi
payments (excluding Insurance Premia) cTetively paid with respect of he Performing Client
“Accounts in relation to the relevant Collection Period,

son Da

“Non-Purchased Reccivables” means, in espect of a Client Account from which arse any
Purchased Reccivable(s), any outstanding reccivabe(s) under such Client Account which are
ot Purchased Rescivables.

“Noteholder” means a holder of Note issued by the Fund.
Notes" means the Class A Notes, he Class Notes and the Class C Notes.

“Notes Final Legal Maturity Date” or “Note Series 20:x-3y Final Legal Maturity Date”
means, with respect to any Note Seres, unles previous y redecmnd in ful, he Payment Date

pecificd in he applicable Issuing Document wbere th al the Principal Amount Outstanding
af be Notes vil bo due and pasable

otes Interest Amount” means, indistinctively, the Class A Notes Interest Amount, the
Clas E Notes Interest Amount and the Class C Notes Interest Amount

ote Series” mans, in respect of he Class A Notes, the Class Notes (if any) and the
Class C issued on the same Issue Date, any series 0 Notes issued by the Fund on such Issue
Date.

“Note Series Amortistion Period” ar “Note Series 20xx-yy Amortisation Period” means,
with respect 0 any Note Serie, the period which stars from (and including) the relevant
Amorisaion Starting Date and which ends at the carlir (included) o (1) the Payment Date
on which the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of such Not Series shall bo reduced
to zero (0), il) the Fund Liquidation Date and (ii) he Notes Final Legal Maturiy Date o
such Note Series.

er


ote Series Issue Expenses” or “Note Series 20xx-yy Issue Expenses” mean any expenses
incured in connection with the isue of the Notes of any Notes Series (including the
execution and fling of any Issuing Document and any feos and costs payabl in connection
Ahcrewih ic. CNMV, IBERCLEAR, AJAF, Rating Agency fees legal fees, ec)

ote Series Notcholders” or “Noteholders" means, with respect to any Noto Series, the
Class A Notcholders, he Class E Notcholdes and the Class C Noteholders

“Note Series Revolving Period” or “Note Series A0xx-3y Revolving Period” means, with
respecto any Note Seris, th period which starts om the relevant Issue Date and which ends
on the relevant Amortisation String Dato (excluded)

“Note Series 20x:-yy Available Amortisation Amount" rucans, during the Programme
Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisaion Period:

(a) with respect to any Calculation Date falling before the Calculaion Date immediately
preceding ts Amortisation Starting Date: ro (0); and

(0) with respect to any Calculaion Date falling on or añcr the Calculation Date
immediately preceding is Amortiation Starting Dat, the product between:

6) the Note Series 20%: Principal Ratio o such Calculation Date; and!

6) the

lable Amortisaion Amount on such Calo

ion Dat
“Note Series 20xx-3y Available Purchase Amount” means on cach Calculaton Date
(2) duringthe Programme Revolving Period:
6) vit respect to any Calculaion Date falling before the Calcultion Dete
immediately preceding the Amorisation Starting Date of such Note Seis

201x-yy; the product betmen:

(A) the Note Series 20xx-yy Principal Ratio on such Calculation Date;

and
(8) the Available Amortistion Amount on such Calculaion Date;
(o with respect to any Calculation Date falling on or aer the Caleulation Date

immediately preceding the Amortsation Starting Date of such Noto Seres
Py, zero (0);

(6) during the Programme Amortisaion Period and the Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, zero (0)

“Note Series 20xx-33 Call Date” mcans, with respect to the Noto Serios 20xx-3, any call
date (which is a Payment Date) specified in the applicable Issuing Document, Any Note

e.


Series may have one or several Note Serios 20%x-yy Call Dat(s) which can be successive or

“Note Series 20xx-3y Call Date Condi

(a) — the Residual Principal Deficioncy Ledger is not in debit on the Calcul
proceding the Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date añce the application of the Interes
Priority of Payments;

jon Date

(6) the prior Sellers Opticnal Early Redemption Writen Instruction has bocn given by
he Seller to the Management Company within at last hiny (30) calendar days
before any applicable Note Series 20x-yy Call Date indicating

6) itsimtetionto exercise ts option; and.

(Gi) the mean by which such redemption has to be istrumented (according to the
various options described in point (c) below; and;

(<) the Fundis able pay Uhe relevant cary redemption amounts (as well as any amount
ranking prior thecto or par passutherewith) by means of:

6) during the Programme Revolving Period, th issuanos of a now Note Serios
to be subscribed fr by any Class A Notes Subscribers, any Class B Notes
Subscribers and any Class C Notes Subscribers provided hat such new Notes
Series are mot terminated in accordance with section 44.7. of the
Registration Document; ando

Gi) during the Programme Revolving Period, hc drawdown of the Seller Interest
Credit Facility to be credited to the Principal Account at Icast on the
comresponding Setlemen Date; and/or

(Gi) during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortiation
Period, he exercise by th Seller of ts option to repurchase certain Purchased
Rescivables as so ut with section 331.12 of the Additional Building Block.

“Note Series 20xx-yy Call Amount" mans, on a Monthly Payment Date and vih respect to
any Note Series20x0-4y, an amount equal to the positive difference between:

(a) — the Principal Amount Oststanding of such Note Series 20xx-yy on such Monthly
Payment Date;

(6) theaggregatcof:

6) the Note Series 20xx-yy Available Amortisaton Amount with respect to such
Monthly Payment Date (subi! its a Payment Date for ihe Note Series); and

2


Gi) any principal amounts recorded on the Principal Distribution Ledger with
espect to the Class of Notes of such Note SeriesZbx-yy until the next
Payment Date (áfany).

“Note Series 20xx-3y Clean-Up Call Amount" means, on a Monthly Payment Date and in
respect ofihe Note Series 20xx-y7, an amount equal to the positive diference between:

(2) the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note Seres 20x3c3y on the immediately
procedi Payment Date: and!

(6) theaggregatcof:

6) the Note Series 20xx-yy Available Amortisation Amount with respect to such
Payment Date; and

Gi) any principal amouns recorded on the Principal Distribution Ledger with
respecto th Class af Notes of such Note Seics until the next Payment Date
Grany,

“Note Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Condition” means, on any Payment Date during the
Programme Revolving Period and Programme Amortisation Period and in respcet of any Note
Series 20xx-4, the condition tar is satis if

(a) the Seller has notified through the relevant Sellers Optional Early Redemption
Wíriten Instruction to the Management Company at least tiny (30) colendar days
before such Payment Date of:

6) itsimtetionto exercise ts option; and.

(Gi) the mean by which such redemplion has to be istrumented (according to the
various options described in pont () below; and.

(0) — the Fundis able pay Uhe relevant cary redemption amounts (as well as any amount
ranking prior thecto or par passutherewith) by means of:

6) during the Programme Revolving Period, th issuanos of a now Note Serios
to be subscribed fr by any Class A Notes Subscribers, any Class B Notes
Subscribers and any Class C Notes Subscribers provided hat such new Notes
Series are mat terminated in accordance with section 447.1 of the

Registration Document; ando
Gi) during the Programme Revolving Period, hc drawdown of the Seller Interest

Credit Facility to be credited to the Principal Account at Icast on the
Setlement Date roceding such Payment Date; and/or

0


(Gi) during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortiation
Period he exercise by the Seller of ts option to repurchase certain Purchased
Rescivables as so ut with section 331.12 of the Additional Building Block.

() om the immediately preceding Monthly Payment Date the Principal Amount
Outstanding oe Note Series 20xx-yy was less than

6) 10 percent. ofthe Note Seres 20%x-yy Initial Principal Amount; or
Gi) the Iiial Pincipal Amount ofthe Class C20xx-3y Notes; aná

(é) the Residual Principal Deficioncy Ledger is not in debit on the Calcul
proceding the Nate Series 2Uxx-yy Clean Up Call Date añr the app
Interest Priority of Payments.

“Note Series 20xx-3y Clean-Up Call Date" means, in respect of any Note Seres 20xx-yy,
he Payment Date on which the Note Seres 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Condition s satisfied and
any subsequent Payment Dat.

“Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amount" mcans, with respect to any Noto Series
201x-y3; the principal amount of hc Class A Notes, e Class 3 Notes (¡fany) and he Class
(O Notes ofsuch Note Series 20xx-yy on the relevant Issue Date.

“Note Series 20xx-yy Issue Amount” icons, in respect of the Class A20xx3y Notes, the
Class B20wyy Notes (if any) and the Class C20xxyy Notes of any Note Series, the
ageregat principal amount of such Notes on such [sue Date.

“Note Series 20xx3y Pri
outstanding Note Seris, the percentage equal to (which percentago sh
percent,

ipal Ratio” means, on cach Calculation Date, with respecto any
ever excced 100

(2) — during Programme Revolving Period:

6) he NoteSeries 20xx3y

Principal Amownt; divided by

Gi) the aggregate ofthe Nate Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounts oPall the
hen outstanding Note Serics muliplicd by the sum of () 1 and (li) the
Resuired Seller Share; aná

(6) during Programme Amortisaion Period:
6) the Note Series 20%3-yy Initial Principal Amount; divided by

Gi) the aggregate ofthe Note Series 20xx-yy Initial Principal Amounts oPall the
ten outstanding Note Series.

The sum ofall Note Serios 20x1-3y Principal Ratios shall nover be greater than 100 percent

an


ote Series 20xx-yy Retention Ratio" mcans:
(a) — ome (1) withrespectto a Note Series 20xx-yy with a Monthly Payment Dato;

(6) omethird(1/3) with respect toa Note Series 20xx-yy with a Quarterly Payment Dat;

(c) ome six (1/6) with respect o a Note Series 20xx-yy vith a Semi-Amnual Payment
Datejor

(4) one twelf (1/12) with respect to a Note Series 20x-yy with an Annual Payment
Date.

“Note Series 20xx3y Total Available Amortisation Amount” means, on any Calculation
Date during the Programm Revolving Period and the Programme Amortis
respect of a Note Series 201x-yy, the sum of!

jon Period and in

(a) the Note Series 20xx-yy Available Amortisaion Amount oP such Noto Series 20xx-

yyiand
(6) followingrheoccurence of an Optional Early Redemption Event:

(0 he Note Series 20wcyy Call Amount of such Note Seres 2010-99: or

6 he Note Seres 205x0-yy Clean<Up Call Amount ofsuch Note Series A0wx3y
Notes Subscription Agreements” means:
(amy Class A Notes Sabrciption Agreement;
(6) amy Class B Notes Subscription Agreement; and
(6) amy Class C Notes Subscription Agreement

“Offer to Retransfer” has Abe mesning given to this expression in section 4:44 of the
Registration Document

“Operation Instructions Letter” means the operations instructions Jete included in the
Colisctions Accounts Security Document

“Optional Early Redemption Event" means, wih respect to any Note Serie, ciber

(a) the exercise ofthe optional redempiion of the relevant Note Seres on the Note Series
201x-yy Call Date specifcd in the applicable Isuing Document; or

(6) the exercise of the optional redemption f th relevant Note Seres on the applicable
Note Series 20xx=yy CleancUp Call Date

a


“Ordinary Expenses” shall be those wbich are necessary for the regular operation of ho
Fund that may or vil accruc in the Fund, including:

0)
ol
(o

0

o

0

0

Ú)

taxes (including adoninitmtiv fees
emuneraton ofthe Management Companys
emuneration of the Paying Agent;

Service Fee

remuneration o he Jsuer Accons Bank
emuneration o he Auditor ofthe Fund;

renmuneration of the auditor or third pay exper appointed for the annual audit oS the
pontolia of Reccivables pool at he Fund:

expenses that may arisc from mandatory administrative: verifi
CNMV, ALAF and IBERCLEAR fees). re
in he Iiial Expenses:

xions. (including
station and auhorizaions no included

fics payable to the Relevant Ratings Agencies for monitoring and maintsining the
rating ofihe Notes;

expenses relating to the Notes bookkecping, involving thcir representaion by the
ook-entry system, any admission-telted expenses tha ais from time o time, and!
he maintenance of al of he above, not included in the Initial Expenses;

he expenses incurred in the redemption ofthe Notes (Le. IBERCLEAR); aná

he expenses incurred in the ammouncements and notifications relative to the Fund!
andor the Notes.

“Outstanding Principal Balance” means.

0)

ol

in respect o any Reccivabls and on given ate, the total amount of principal which
is due by the Borrower on such date (taking into account as the case may be, any
incipal amounts remaining umpaid increasing such total sos and any principal
amounts prepaid decreasing such total amount) or, a he case may be,

in respec of any Client Account and on any given date: the result of the sum of: (6)
total amount of principal which is due by ho Borrower in respect of such Client
Account, at the close of he immediately prior Monthly Billing Period, plus () the
sum of he Drawings made since the close of such Monthly Billng Period, minus (ii)
any principal payments mado since the close o such Monthly Biling Period.

a


“Optional Repurchase Events” mcans any event set out in section 33.1.11 0 the Additional
Eilding Block.

“Order” means the UK Financial Services and Markets Acts 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005.

“Order EMA/3S37/2005" means Order EHA/3S37/2005, of 10 November, on the
development af amicle 274 of Law 24/1993, af 28 July, an the Spanish Securtics Market
Law.

“Participant Entitics” means the relevant participants in IBERCLEAR,

“Paying Agency Agreement” mcans the paying agency agreement dated 7 April 2017 and
made betwcen the Management Company and th Paying Agent

“Paying Agent” means Banco Santander, S.A in its capacity as paying agent appointed by
he Management Company in order to, amongst olhers, pay any interst amounts and
principal amounts due to the Notcholders, or such other entity as may bo selected by tho
Management Company on behalf of the Fund o at in ts place.

Paying Agent Substtution Requirements:

(2) TheNew Paying Agent
(0) isacreditisttion doy authors to provide banking services in Spain;
6) isanEligiblePaying Agent
(ió) has, in the Management Company opinion, extensive experience and a

roven operational track record in funcions similar to those described in
section 5.2 ofthe Securitics Note;

(Y) in the Management Company's cpinion can assume in substance the rights
and obligations oc Paying Agent; and

(0) shall have agrecd with ho Management Company to perform the duties and
bligations oSthe Paying Agent;

(6) the Relevant Rating Agencies shall have been given prior notice of such subsiuion
and such substittion shall not ental the downgrade or withdrawal of any of the
ratings then assigned by the Relevant Rating Agencies 1 the Notes; and

(e) — such substiution is made in compliance with ihe Alen applicable aws and
regul

Paying Agent Termination Event” mesns any of the following events

sn


(2) — amy material representaion or warranty made by the Paying Agent under any
Programme Document to which it ás a party is ar proves to have been incorrect or
misicading in any material respect when mado, and the same is not remedied (4
capable o remedy) within five (5) Business Days afer the Management Company
has given notice thoreof to the Paying Agent or (if sooner) the Paying Agent has
knowledge of the same, provided that the Management Company, at is discetion,
crtiics hat ts material and prejudicial to the interests of hc Notholders;

(0) the Paying Agent has filed to comply with any of s material obligaions under any
Programme Document to which lisa paty unless such breach is capable of remedy
and is remedicd within five (5) Business Days ar the Management Company has
given notice thereof to the Paying Agent or (if sooner) the Paying Agent has
knowledge of the same, provided that the Management Company, at is discetion,
ertiics hat ts material and prejudicial to the interests oh Notholders;

(e) am Insolveney Event occur in respec of he Paying Agent;

(2) — atany timeitis or becomes unlawíalforth Paying Agent to perform or comply with
any or all ofi material obligtions under any Programme Document to which it isa
pay or any or all f is material obligations under any Programme Document to
which ts a party are not, or ccas t be, egal, valid and binding;

(6) — any failure by the Paying Agent 10 make any payment under any. Programme
Documents to which its party, when dus, except ¡Puch failure is due to technical
or administrative reasons and is remedicd within fiv (5) Business Days añcr such
Failure; or

(0 te Paying Agent ccases to bean EigblePaying Agent
“Payment Date" memo

(0) a Monthly Payment Dat;

(0) a Quarter Payment Date;

(6) a Semai-Anmual Payment Dates or

(e) am Annual Payment Dat

“PCS” means Prime Collatealisd Secwnitis (PCS) UK Limited,
“PCS Label" means Pri Collatralised Securitics label

“PDL Cure Amounts" mcans th sum of) the Class A PDL Cure Amoun, (4) the Class
PDL Cure Amount and (ii) the Residual PDL Cure Amount

SS


“Performing Client Accow
Account

means any Client Account other han a Defauted Client

“Pledge" racans the n rem rights o pledge granted by SEC 10 the Fund in respec o ll sums
due to hc Fund and deposite from timo to time in cach Collections Accounts including the

claims and sigh of SFC (as
ctions Accounts Bank Agreement as security for the Secured

interest accrucd from timo to tim on such amounts and.
“account holder) under cach Cá
Obligatons.

“Potential Servicer Termination Event” means the occumence of
(a) — aNom-Curble Event

(6) a Curable Event which bas not been cured within one (1) Business Day of the day on
vwbich the Servicer has served th relevant notification to the Management Company
ox carl, the day on which hc Management Company is aware ofi

“Prepaid Amount” means, on any Calculation Date, in respect of the Collection Period
immediately preceding such Calculation Date, the aggregate of the principal prepayments
eMetively paid with respeto the Performing Client Accounts in relation to Ahe relevant
Coliction Period.

“Principal Account” means one of the ssucr Accounts held with the ssuer Accounts Bank
o which, amongst other amouis, are credied the Available Principal Collections by debi of
the General Account on each Setlement Date.

“Principal Amount Outstanding" mcans, with respect to any Note and on any dato, ho
aggregate outstanding pricipal amount of such Nate

“Principal Deficiency Ledger" has the meaning given to that expression in section 34.21
of he Additional Building Block

“Principal Distribution Ledger" mcans a ledger within the Principal Account in el
specific Class of Notes oP a Note Series with a Quarterly Payment Date, Semi- Annual
Payment Date or Annual Payment Date.

“Priority of Payments" mcans

(a) — duringthe Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisation Period:

6 the Interest Priority of Payments and
6) the Interest Shorifall Priority of Payments; and.
(Gi) the Principal Priority o Payments;

1.


(0). during the Programme Accelerated Amoniation Period, ho Acccleraod Priority of
Payments.

“Programme” mans the EUR 2,000.000/000 ass backed deb issuance programme for tho
issue of Note Seris by the Fund.

“Programme Accelerated Amortisation Period” means th period which will start on the
Monthly Payment Date (inclusive) following the date on which an Accelerated Amortisation
Event occurs and end on the caricr o

(a) — the Monthly Payment Date on which all Notes are redecmed in full or

(0) the Fund Liquidation Date.

“Programme Amortistion Period” means the period which vil:

(a) — start on the Monthly Payment Date inclusive) immediately following the occurrence
fa Revolving Termination Event

(6) end on the Monthly Payment Date immediately following the occurrence of an
Accclrated Amontiation Event

“Programme Documents" means

(6) the Master Reccivables Sal and Purchase Agreement
(6) each Sale Ofr, Sale Acceptnco,Repurchase Request and Offer to Rtransler;
(6) the Serving Agreement:

(8) any Hoding Agreement vih respeto any Note Series;

(6) the Account Bank Agreement

(0 the Paying Agenoy Agreement

(6) the Notes Subscription Agreements;

(6) the Master Definitions Agreement

(0 the Commingling ResereeSubordinated Faciliy Agreement

Ó) te ExpensesSubordinted Facil Agreement

(6) the General Reserve Sabordinated Facility Agreement; and

(0 Ae Seller nerst Credit Facility Agreement

(em) the Collections Accounts Security Document; and!

7


(0) — the rrevocable Powerof Attorney
“Programme Parties” means:

(2) the Management Company:

(6) theSeler

() the Semvcer;

(4) the ssuer Accounts Bank

() the Paying Agent;

(0 amy Class A Notes Subscribers;

(2) any Class BNotos Subscribers

(6) any Class C Notes Subscribers

6) any Eligible Hedging Counterpatcs; and

6 any other party that may become a Programme Party in accordance with th relevant
provisions of the coresponding Programme Documents

“Programme Revolving Period” means the period which will star on the Fund
Incorporation Date (included) and will terminate on the Monthly Payment Date (excluded)
immediately following the occurence of () a Revolving Terminstion Event or () an
Accclrated Amontiation Event

“Prospectus Directive” means Directivo 2005/71/EC, as amended.

“Prospectus Supplement" means any supplement to the Base Prospectus prepared by tho
Management Company in accordance with amicle 22 af Royal Deerce 1310/2005. Additional
ctas on Prospectus Supplement can be found in section 4.125 ofi Securities Note.

“Purchase Date" mans as the case may be, in espect of any Reccivable

(2) — in the comtext of Initial Transfers, th date f delivery by the Management Company
af he Sale Acceptance which shall scur on the first Business Day following cab.
Confirmation Dat; and

(0) inthecomtextof Additional Transfers the fist Business Day añer the Drawing Date
af he comesponding Reccivables

a


Purchase Period” means with respect to a Monthly Payment Date

(a) — inthe contest of an Additional Transfr, the calendar month immediately preceding
such Monthly Payment Date, and

(0) in the context of an initial transfer, the Purchase Date immediately preceding such
Monthly Payment Date.

“Purchase Price" mcans, on any Calcultion Date and in respect of the Recoivables
transfered to the Fund on any Purchase Period immediately preccding such Calcultion Date,
an amount equal 10 100% of the agregate Outstanding Principal Balance of such Eligible
Rescivableas of the applicable Efectivo Purchase Date

“Purchased Reccivable” means

(a) — on any Purchase Date, a Reccivable deriving from such Credit Card Agreement and
which has been sold by the Seller o the Fund pursuant 0 ho Master Reccivables Sale
and Purchase Agreement in tbc context of an Initial Transfer or an Additional
Transfer and () which remuins outstanding and (il) which has not bcen repurchased
oy the Seller and

(6) omany date, the credit balance of the Cliet Account which relato o he Credit Card
Agreement and from wbich all Purchascd Roccivables have ariscn and represent
he debt of the Borrower under such Credit Card Agrcement which has been
transferred o the Fund on such date

“Purchase Shortfall" means the fact that for the 6th consccutive Monthly Payment Dates the
credit balance of the Revolving Account excede 15 por cent. (1S%%) of the aggregate
Principal Amount Outstanding of al Note Series on such date.

The occurencs of a Purchase Shoréall shall tiggor thc end of the Programme Revolving
Period and the commencement of he Programme Amortsation Period.

“Quarterly Payment Date" mcans, during th Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Amortisation Period, the quartely day falling on the 26th day which falls om a
Monthly Payment Date (subject to the Modiicd Following Business Day Convention) as
specified in the Issuing Document

ted Note" means any Note rated by the Relevant Rating Agencies specifiod in the
applicable Issuing Document af cach Note Seics. The Class A Notes and the Class E Notes
(any) of any Noto Series hall always be Rated Notes. It is not obligatory hat the Class C
Nous are Rated Notes.

ating Agency" means any rating agency betwcen DBRS, Fitch, Moody's and SAL.

10


eceivable” means any and all amounts due by the relevant Borower under any Credit Card
Agreement and th related Client Account (cxcluding, for the avoidance of doubt, insurance
premia not financed through a Drawing).

“Recovery Department” mcons the Sellers inchouso cam dedicated to recovery-related

“Reference Banks” means the three (3) major banks in he curo=zone interbank market
selected by he Paying Agent from timo to time and if any such bank s unable or umwilling to
ontinae to ct, such other bank as may be sclectd by ho Paying Agent on behalf ofthe Fund
o actin its place

“Reference Rate” shall bc (1) during the Programme Revolving Period and 1h Programme
Amortisaion Period cithr the EURIBOR for one (1) month, or the EURIBOR for thros (3)
months, or the EURIBOR for six (6) months or the EURIBOR for twelve (12) months, as
specified in the relevant Issuing Document and (li) during the Programme Acceleated
Amorisaion Period, EURIBOR for one (1) month.

oference Repurchase Price” mcans the Repurchaso Price of the Purchased Reccivables
forthe purposes of section 44.4 ofthe Registration Document

“Registration Document” means the registration document prepared in accordance with
“Annex Vi of Regulation 509/2004.

“Registry-Book" means the regisry-book of Notcholders kept by the Management Company
in cose that any unlistod Notes are issued by the Fund where the Management Company shall
register the ownership o such unlisted Notes, as well as any in rem right created over them

“Regulation 809/2004" means Regulation (EC) N”. 809/2004 dated 29 April 2004, as
amended,

“Regulation 1060/2009" mcans Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the Europcan Parliament
“and the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies.

“Regulation S” means thc regulation S under the Securities Act,

“Release Notice" mcans the notice to be delivered by the Management Company (acting on
behalf o ho Fund) to the Collections Accounts Banks srlcreby, amongst others he Servicer
hall resume to be eniled to give any debito credit instruction in respeet of he Collections
Accounts

“Relevant Implementation Date" means the date on which the Prospectus Directivo is
implemented in the Relevant Member

“Relevant Margin" means, with respect any Flosting Rate Notes, the applicable margin
specified in the relevant ssuing Document


clevant Member State” cons cach Member State of the Europcan Economic Arcs which
as implemented the Prospectus Directive.

olevant Note Series” means an specific Note Seris which Payment Date occurs anmually,
semicannually and quart.

“Relevant Rating Agencies” means the Rating Agencies specific in the applicable Issuing
Document in respect of ny Class of Notes Fany Note Series outstanding at such time.

“Relevant Sercen Page" mcans the page, setion or other part of particular information
service (including, without limittio, Reuters) specified as the Relevant ercen Page in ho
relevant Isuing Document

'eplacement Servicer” mans the replacement servicer which will be appointed by the
Management Company aftrthe occumence ofa Servicer Termination Event.

“Replacement Hedging Premium" means, in relasion to any Hedging Agreement, the
“amount that the Fund or a replacement hedging counterpory would be liable to pay to the
her pany to such Hedging Agreement if the Fund and such replacement hedging
sunterparty entered into replacement hedging agrecment furor to an carlytermination of
such Hedging Agreement

“Repurchase Conditions Precedent" means:
(a) General conditions foral Optional Repurchase Events

6) satisfaction Of ihe Minimum Portfolio Amount Condition as of the
Calculation Date;

(o mo Fund Liquidation Event has occured; and!

(Gi) the Management Company ís not aware that
Vsccurred and is continuing

(6) Specific conditions for the Optional Repurchase Event referrd to in paragraph (d) of
section 331.11

6) such repurchase of the Contemplated Repurchased Reccivables docs not
result ín the occurrence af a Revolving Termination Event (áfthe Repurehase
Date occurs during the Programme Revolving Period) or an Accelerated
Amorisaion Event (the Repurchase Date occurs during the Programme
Revolving Period or the Programme Amortisation Period); aná

Gi) om the relevant Calculation Date the Management Company has determined!
úatthe Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger vil nt be in dbit on the next
Momhiy Payment Date añer the application of the Interest Priority of
Payments.


'epurchase Date” means the date on which a Parchased Reccivable is sold by the Fund to
he Seller and which shall occur on the Calculaon Date following cach Confirmation Date
Om or prior such dato, the Seller shall paid the Aggregato Repurchaso Price to the Fund. For
elaification purposes, th Fist Repurchase Date añer the Fund Incorporation Dat will be 19
June 2017.

“Repurehase Fil" means the list of hc corresponding Client Accounis from which tho
Rescivables to be repurchascd derive,

'epurchase Price" mcans.

(a) the purchase price oftho Purchascd Reccivables arisng from a Client Account which
has become, añcr any Purchase Date, an Ineligible Cliet Accosnt will e equal to
he Outstanding Principal Balance plus any accrued and unpaid oistanding interes
as the Fffective Repurchase Dato;

(0) the purchase price of he Purchasod Receivabls arising from a Performing Client
“Account, a Defiulted Client Account or a Delinquent Client Account vil bo equal to
he Ousstanding Principal Balance plus any accrucd and unpaid oustanding interes
as th Effective Repurchase Date; aná

(6) the purchase price of ho Purchased Reccivables which has become “Zero Balance
Client Account" vil be zero (0).

“Repurchase Request" means the repurchase writen request to be delivered by the Seller to
he Management Company to request the Fund to transer buck to the Seller any Purchased
Reccivables.

“Repurchased Reccivable" means any Purchasod Reccivable which is rpurchased by the
Seller

“Required Seller Share” shall have the meaning se out in section 3.1.5 of the Additional
Eilding Block.

“Residual Principal Deficieney Ledger” means the sub-Iedger of the Principal Deficiency
Ledger established and maintained by the Management Company in respect of the Class €
Nos and the SICF Principal Amount Outstanding and which records certain amounts as
red or debitentrics in accordance with the terms of the Decd of Incorporion.

csidual PDL Cure Amount" mcans any amounts retained at item (12) of ho Interest
Priority of Payment

“Revolving Account" means onc of the Issuer Accounts held with the ssucr Accounts Bank
o which th Unapplicd Revolving Amount is redited by debi the Principal Accosnt

“Revolving Termination Event” wil be decmed to have occurred if during the Programme
Reolving Period (as long as any Rated Notes is outstanding)

su


(6) onany Calculaion Dat, te Management Company has detrmined at for tb Und
(3) consecutivo Monthly Payment Dat, tc Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is
o remain in de on th next Monthly Payment Dat as the application of the
Interest Priority o Payments; or

(6). omany Calculation Dato, the Management Company has determined tha (6) any Class
“A Notes of any Note Seris remain outstanding and (ió) the credit balance ofthe Class
“A General Reserve Ledger will e les than the Class A General Reserve Minimum
Amount on th next Monthly Payment Date añer the application of he relevant
Priority of Payments; or

(<) on any Calculation Date he Management Company has determined that () al Class
“A Notes of any Note Serics have been redcemed in full ad () any Class B Notes of
any Note Seris remain outstanding and (ii) he credit balance ofthe Class B General
Resorve Ledgor will be loss than tho Class B Gencral Reserve Minimum Amount on
he next Monthly Payment Date añer the application of Ahe relevant Priority of
Payments; or

(4) a Purchase Shortalhas occurred; or

(c) — the failure to appoint a Replacement Service within sixty (60)
ccurrence of a Service Termination Event; or

(0 a flor by the Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider to mak
Interest Credit Facility for an amount cqual to the SICF Drawing Amount on any
Setlement Date afir the Fund Incorporation Date; or

(8) — the occurrence of a Seller Event of Default

ejected Payments" mcans th rejocted payments with respect to unpaid checks or rejected
dirt debi.

sk Factors” means the part of his Base Prospcctus descrbing hc main risk factors
associated with the isue, with hc secuitic and with the assts backing thoisues

toyal Decree 116/1992" means Royal Decree 1161992, of 14 February, on the
representtions of book entry and the clcaring and sotloment of sock market operations, as
amended,

toyal Decrce 878/2015" means Royal Decreo A78/2015, of 2 October, on the clcaring,
setloment and registration o negotiable securiis represented by book entic reprsentatons
of book entry and he clcaring and setlement o stock market operations, as amended.

toyal Decre 1310/2015" means Royal Decrec 1310/2005, of 4 November, party
developing th Law 24/1998, o 28 July, on the Spanish Socurities Market Law in regard to

sn


admision to trading o sccuritis in official secondary markets, public fferngs for sale or
subscription and he prospctus required for that purpose, as amended,

toyal Decre Law S/2005" means Royal Decres Law 5/2005 of 11 March, on urgent
reforms to encourage, among oler, productivity and improve public procurement (Real
Decreto Ley S/2005, de 11 de marzo, de reformas urgentes para el impulso ala productividad
y para la mejora dela comratación pública),

“Sale Acecptance” means the acceptance to be sent by the Management Company 10 the
Seller on the same Purchase Date on which a Salo Offer is reccived by the Management
Company pursuant to the Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement

“Sale Offer” means an offer pursuant to wbich the Seller shall oferto ell Reccivables to ho
Fund pursuant to the Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase Agreement. Each Sale Offer shall
e made on cach Purchase Date

“Scheduled —Amortisaion. Starting Date" or “Note Series 20xX3y Scheduled
Amortisation Starting Date" means, with respec to any Note Serics,ihe Monthly Payment
Date on wbich the Notes of such Note Series shall star amonising on cach applicable
Payment Date. The Schedulod Amorisation Sting Date shall b specific in the applicable
Issuing Document for the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes.

“Secured Obligations” means all payment obligatios (whether present or future, actual or
contingen) af the Seicer to the Fund pursuant to and in relation to any Programme
Documents to which the Servicer is a party whether in principal, interests, costs, char
expenses and ancillry cost, including enforcement costs

“Securities Act” means United States Securitics Act of 1933, as amended,

“Securities Note” means the socuritics note prepared in accordance with Amnex. XII of
Regulation 809/2013.

“Securitised Portfolio” means, on any date, hc aggregate of the Outstanding Principal
Balances of ll outstanding Purchasod Roccivables related o tho relevant Client Accounts.

“Selection Date" means, during the Programme Revolving Period and the Programme
Amortisaion Period and with respect o any Initial Transfer (only), a ho atst two Business
Days immediately following the relevant Determination Date. For clarifcatin pueposes, the
first Selection Date air the Fund Incorporation Dat will be 12 June 2017,

“Seller” means SERVICIOS FINANCIEROS CARREFOUR, EF.C.,S.A

“Seller Dilutions" means the amount determined by the Management Company on the
Determination Date and equal to (5 he Dilutions due by the Seller o the Fund plus (li) with
respect to Purchased Rescivables rating to Performing Client Accosnts only, the indemnity
to be paid by the Seller án the event of a renegotstion of any Purchascd Reccivables

1.


(úncluding the case where such renegotation is mado by SEC acting as the Servicer) equal to
he forgiveness of whole or part ol any Outstanding Principal Balances of such Purchased
Rescivables Such amount hall bo paid by he Seller to the Fund on or prior the Calcultion
Date.

“Seller Event of Default” means the occurrence af any o he following events
Lo BreschofObligations:
Any breach by the Seller of

(a) — any of ts material non-monctay obligations under any Programme Document to
vwbich ts paty (except if e breach is ducto foree majeure) nd such bresch ís nat
remedid by the Seller within ten (10) Business Days (or within iicen (15) Business
Days fo breuch is ducto technical reasons) aer he carlir o hc date on which it
is aware of such breach andío reccpt of notification in writing to the Seller by the
Management Company to remedy such breach; or

(6) — any oFits monctary obligations when dus under any Programme Document to which
it is a party (except he breach is due to force majcure) and such breach ds not
remedied by the Seller within five (5) Business Days (or wilhin ten (10) Business
Days fo breach is ducto technical reasons) aer ho calir fc date on which it
is aware of such breach andío reccpt of notification in writing to the Seller by the
Management Company to remedy such breach; or

(e) — amy of the representations or warrantics given by the Seller under any Programme
Document (other than, with respect to the Master Reccivables Sale and Purchase
Agreement, the rpresenttions or warrantics given by tho Seller wih respeto the
sale and transfer ol Receivables, the Credit Card Agrecments and the Client Accounts
satisiyng the Eligbility Crta) to which isa paty or in any certificate delivered
úpursuant to the Programme Documents to which it isa pary is material falo or
incorcct in any material respect and, where such matrilly false or incorrect
representation or warranty can be corrcted or remedicd by the Seller, is not corrected
or remedied by the Seller within ten (10) Business Days (or within fileen (15)
Business Days fh breach s due to technical reasons) air the cari of the date on
vwbich ts aware of such misrepresentation anc/or reccpt af notification in writing to
he Seller by the Management Company to remedy such false or incorrect
representtion or warranty

2 Iasolveney:
“Any ofthe following events occur in espect of the Seller

(a) — The Seller is unable or admitsinabiliy to pay ls debts as they fall dus, suspends
making payments on any of its debi or by reason of actual or amticipated financial


difficulties, commences negotiaions with onc or more of is credits with a view to
rescheduling any fits indebtodness.

(0) Exceptas provided below, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure
or steps taken in elaion to:

6) a declaraion o insolveney (concurso), winding up, intervention, dissolurion,
administration or reorganiation (by way of volumtary arrangement, scheme
of arrangement or otherwise) o the Seller

Gi) a composition, compromiso, assignmen or arangement with any creditor o£
he Seller being owed more than £1 5,000,000 or (ió)  mumber of creditos oP
he Servicr being owed in aggregate more han 15,000,000, in cther case,
by reason of actual or antcipate financial diffcultios

(Gi) the appoimiment of a liquidator, administrator (judicial or otherwise)
compulsory manager ar other similar officer respect of the Seller or any of

(Y) the rexocation, withérawal or suspension by the Bank of Spain of he license
df he Seller as an Establecimiento Financiero de Crédio-Entidad de Pago
Híbrida or the taking of any disciplinay, resolution, recapitalsation or
recovery action against ihe Seller pursuant to Iegislaion implementing
Directivo 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and of he Council, of 15 May 2014,
in any jurisdiction which has a material negative ect on the abiliy of the
Sellerto perio is obligtions under any Programme Document; or

(0) amy analogows procedure or step s taken in any juisdition

provided however that no Seller Event of Default would have occurred ifany petition
is frivolows or vexatious and is dischargd, stayed or dismissod avthin 30 days of

“Seller Interest Credit Facility” mcans the credit fa
Credit Facility Agreement

yy granted under the Seller Interes

“Seller Interest Credit Facility Agreement” means the credit faciliy agreement dated 7
April 2017 and mado between the Fund, represeted by the Management Company and the
Seller Interes Credit Facility Provider.

“Seller Interest Credit Facility Amortiation Amount” or “SICF Amortsation Amount”

(a) — on any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Revolving Period and if ho

Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is nt in debit as determined on the preceding
Calculaion Date the loser between:

116


ol

(o

o

0)

he positive difference between the SICF Principal Amount Outstanding on
he preceding Monthly Payment Date (after the application of he Priority of
Payments) and the product of (x) Required Seller Share and (y) th Principal
Amount Outstanding of all Note Serics (taking into account any redemption
or issuamoe of Note Series to be mado hetwcen on or before the next Monthly
Payment Date); and

he positive difirence between:

(A) tha

ble Principal Amount; and
(8) thesumor

() the Investor Available Amortisation Amount determined on
the proceding Calculation Dates

() the maximum between the Effective Purchase Price and the
ageregato of the Noto Serics 20xx-yy Available Purchase
“Amount with respecto such Monthly Payment Date;

(UD) any SICE Drawing Amount drawn under the Seller Credit
Interest Facility on such the Setlement Date preceding such
Monthly Payment Date; and

(IV) as the case may be, the amount crodited to Abe Interest
Account pursuant to item (1) of the Principal Priority oP
Payments;

“on any Monthly Payment Date doring ho Programme Revolving Period and if the
Residual Principal Deficiency Ledger is in debit on the preceding Calculation Date,

zero (0);

má

on any Monthly Payment Date during the Programme Amoriation Period or the
Programme Accclerated Amomisation Perid:

o

0)

for so long as all Notes of ll Note Series have not been redcemed in fal:
zero (0): and

pon redemplion in full of he Notes of all Note Seres: the SICE Principal
Amount Outstanding as of close of the immediately precoding Monthly
Payment Date.

“Seller Interest Credit Facility Drawing Amount" o: “SICF Drawing Amount” means the
amount that the Fund may request under the Seller Interest Credit Facility on tho Fund
Incorporation Date to be made available on thc Disbursement Date of the first Note Series
issued by the Fund Date for an amount of EUR 58,000,000, and thcreañer on any Calculation
Date o be mado available on any Setlement Date:

7


(2) — during the Programm Revolving Period and if the Residual Principal Deficiency
Ledger is not in debit at the precoding Calculaion Date, the minimum between (1)
and (ió) when:

6) the SICE Required Drawdown Amount on such Setlement Dat; and
Gi) the SICE Maximum Drevwable Amount on such Setlement Date;

(0) during the Programme Revolving Period (Gfth Residual Principal Deficieney Ledger
is in debit at the preceding Calculation Date), the Programme Amortisation Period
and the Programme Accelerated Amortistion Period, zero (0),

“Seller Share Interest Rate” means, on any Monthly Payment Date, th annual fixed interest
rate which shall e calculated by the Management Company as follows:

(a) for so long as the Class A Notes of any Note Serios are outstanding, the average
interest rate of all Class A Notes which are outstanding as weighted by thcir
respective Principal Amount Outstanding on such Monthly Payment Dat (taking into
account the applicable swap rate plas margin for Class A Notes bearing a fosting
rate, iFapplicable)

(6) once he Class A Notes oPall Note Sercs have been redecrned in full ad for so long
as the Class B Notes of any Note Seics re outstanding, the average interest rate of
“il Class 3 Notes which arc outstanding as weighted by their respectivo Principal
Amount Outstanding on such Monthly Payment Date (king into accosnt the
applicable swap rate plus margin for Class E Notes bearing a Moating rate, ¿€
applicable:

(6) once he Class B Notes of all Note Seics have been redecrnd in full and for so long
as the Class C Notes oPany Note Seics are outstanding, the average interest rate of
“il Class C Notes which ae outstanding as weighted by their respectivo Principal
Amount Outstanding on such Monthly Payment Date (king into accosnt the
applicable swap rate plus margin for Class C Notes bearing a Moating rate, ¿£
applicable): and

(4) inany othercases, 30 per cent or any oler percentage specified as such in he last
Prospectus Supplement

“Seller Interest Credit Facility Interest Amount” or “SICF Interest Amount” means the
interest amount on the Seller Inrest Credit Facility as calculated by the Ma
Company on he Calculstion Date and cqual to th product of:

(2) the relevant Share Facility Interest Rate:

(6). the SICE Principal Amount Outstanding as of the preceding Monthly Payment Date;
and

1.


(c) the day count fction corresponding to th ratio between () the actual effective days
in cach Interest Accrual Period and (4) a 360-¿ay year,

“and sound the resultant figure to Ah nearest cnt

Dating the Programme Aseclersted Amortistion Period, the Seller Interest Credit Facility
shall nt bear any interest and no interes amount shall bc paid undor th Seller Interest Credit
Facil

“Seller Interest Credit Facility Principal Amount Outstanding” or “SICF Principal
Amount Outstanding” mans, on any dat, the principal amount outstanding of all SICF

Draving Amounts made under the Seller Interest Credit Facility

“Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider” means the Seller

“Seller's Optional Early Redemption Written Instruction” means the prior writes

instruction given by the Seller o the Management Company in accordance with section 49.5
fe Securitics Note

“Seller Share Interest Payuble Amount” means, on any Monthly Payment Date during the
Programme Revolving Period and the Programme Amortisaton Period, the amount equal o:

(a) — the agregate of () he SICF Interest Amount and () he Aggregate DPP Interest
“Amount due on such Monthly Payment Date; les

(6) — any Seller Dilutions due by the Seller o the Fund on or prior to the Calculation Date
(úfnot already reccived by the Fund on or prior such Calculation Dato),

as calculated by the Management Company on the Calculaion Date immediately preceding
such Monthly Payment Date

“Semi-Annual Payment Date” means, during 1he Programme Revolving Period and tho
Programme Amoriation Period, the semi-annual day faling on the 261h day which falls on a
Monthly Payment Date (subject to the Modificd Following Business Day Convention) as
specified in the Issuing Document

SERVICIOS FINANCIEROS CARREFOUR, E.E.C,, SA. in ts capacity
as servicr (or any auhorised substitute) of th Purchased Reccivables

“Servicer Fee” means with respoct to any Momhly Payment Date the fc payable by the
Fund to the Service on such Monthly Payment Date

“Servicer Termination Events" meons any of following events
Lo BreachofObligations

Any breach by the Servicer of:

0


(a) — any of its material non-monctary obligatios (other than the falure to provide the
Monthly Sevicer Report to the Management Company) under any Programme
Document to which át is a paty (except 4 th breach is duc to force majeure) and
such breach is nolremedied by the Servicer within tn (10) Business Days (or wihin
fificen (15) Business Days if the breach is ducto technical rasons) air the caricr of
he date on which it is aware of such reach andír reccipt of notification in writing to
he Servicer by the Management Company to remedy such breach; or

(6) any filreto transfer monics to the Gencral Account on the Business Day following
he date on which such monics ac received by the Seller and such failure s mot
remedied by the Servicer within res (3) Business Days añer the carlir of th date
dm which t is aware of such breach andor reccipt of notification in writing to the
Servicer by he Management Company to remedy such bresch; or

(c) subject o (P) por encima de, any of its monctary bligations when due under any
Programme Document to which it is a party (except ¡Pibe breach is due to foree
majeure) and such breach is mot remediod by the Servicer within five (5) Business
Days (or within ten (10) Business Days ¡the breach is ducto technical reasons) after
he carlior af the date on wbich it is aware of such breach and/or reccipt of
úotificaion in writing to the Servier by the Management Company to remedy such
reach

(d) amy of the representations or warantis made or given by the Servicor under any
Programme Document to which itis a paty or in any cntficate delivered pursuant to
the Programme Documents to which ts party is matrially als or incorret in any
material respect and, where such materilly false or incorrect represemtaion or
warranty can be corrctod or remedicd by tho Service, is nt corrected or remedid
y the Servicer within ten (10) Business Days (or within fiin (15) Business Days 1£
he breach ís ducto technical reasons) aer the carlier oh date on which is aware

jon in writing to the Servicer by
the Management Company to remedy such mateiallyfalsc or incorrect representtion

df such mistepesentation andlor receipt of notice

orar
2. Momhly Servicer Reports

The Servicer has not provided the Management Company with the Monthly Servicer Report
dm two consecutivo Monthly Reporting Dates and such bresch és not remedicd within five (5)
Business Day (or (within ten (10) Business Days ¡Pte breach is due to force majeure or due
o technical reasons) following he second Monthly Reporting Date

3 Iasolveney

Any ofthe following events occur in espect of the Servicer:

(a) — The Service s unable or admits inabilty to pay lts deb as they all due, suspends
making payments on any of ts debi or by rcason of actual or amicipated financial

450


difficulties, commences negotiaions with onc or more of is credits with a view to
rescheduling any fits indebtodness.

(0) Exceptas provided below, any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure
or steps taken in elaion to:

6) a declaraion o insolveney (concurso), winding up, intervention, dissolurion,
administration or reorganiation (by way of volumtary arrangement, scheme
of arrangement or otherwise) o he Services;

(Gi) a composition, compromiso, ssignment or arangement with any credito of
the Servir being owed more than £1 5,000,000 or (ió) number o creditors
of the Servicer being owd in aggregate more than £15,000,000, in cther
case, by reason of actual oranticipatd Financial difficulties;

(Gi) the appoimiment of a liquidator, administrator (judicial or otherwise)
ompulsory manager ar other similar officer in respest of the Servcor or any
its assets

(Y) the rexocation, withérawal or suspension by the Bank of Spain of he license
of the Servicer as an EFC or the taking of any discilinary, resolution,
recopitalsatiom or recovery action against the Servicor pursuant to legisistion
implementing Directivo 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and of the Council of
15 May 2014, in any jurisdiction which has a material negative efect on the
bil Of the Servicer to perform is obligaions under any Programme
Document; or

(6) any analogous procedure or step is taken in any jurisdition,

provided however that no Servicer Termination Event would have occurred if any
petition is fsivolous or vexatious and is dischargod, stayed or dismissed within 30.
days of commencement

4 Megaliy

“At any ti () its or becomes unlawful for such Service o perform or comply with any or
all of its material obligations under the Servicing Agreement or () any oral ofi material
bligations under the Servicing Agreement are not, or seas lo be, legal, valid and binding
(úncluding as a result oPany act, omission, failure, default or misconduct oh Service) and
o approprite solution are found within thny (30) calendar days between the Mar
Company and ho Service to remedy such ilegality, invalidity or unenforceability

“Servicing Agreement” means ihe servicing agreement datod 7 April 2017 and mado
between the Management Company and the Servicer.

as


“Servicing Policies” means the servicing and management policies usually applicd by the
Service in roltion to the Purchascd Reccivabes, as amended from time 10 time.

“Setlement Date" means, with respect to cach Collection Period, the second (2nd) Business
Day, prior to cach Monthly Payment Date. For clarifiation purposes, the fest Setlement
Date añcrtho Fund Incorporaion Date will e 22 June 2017.

“SEA” means he Securiics and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore.

“SICF Maximum Drawable Amount" mans on any Settlement Date, the positivo
difxence betwcen (a) and (b) where

(a) ise Maximnum Seller Interest Credit Facility Amount; and

(6). is SICE Principal Amount Outstanding (taking into account any repayment o be
made on such Monthly Payment Date following such Setlement Date) on such
Setlement Date

“SICF Required Drawdown Amount” means on any Setement Date, the positive
difxence as calulated on he previous Calculation Date between (a) and (9) where:

(2) the AssetLiabiliy Mismateh Amount; and

(6). the SICE Principal Amount Outstanding (taking ino account any repayment to be
made on such Monthly Payment Date following such Setlement Date) on such
Setlement Dat

“Solveney IL Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2015135, of 10 October 2014,
supplementing Directivo 2009/138/EC of he European Parliament and af ho Council on the
takingup and pursuit of th business of Insurance and Reinsurance,

“Spanish Public Document” means an escritura pública or póliza.

“Spanish Supreme Court" rucans the Spanish Tribunal Supremo

“Spread Account" mcans one o th Issuer Accounts with he Issuer Accounts Bank for the
purposes set ot in the Desd of Incorporation.

“Standard £ Poor's" or “S£P” means Standard £ Poor's Credit Market Services Europe
Limit.

“Standard Form" means the standard form (modelo de contrao) of credit cord agreement
from which the Credit Card Agreements cnered into by the Seller derive (whether or not
ing rise toa Purchase Reccivablos)

“Step-up Interest Kate" mcans, with respect to any Fixed Rate Notes, the step-p interest
rate (if and s specified in the applicable Issuing Document) which may apply to the Class A

482


Fixed Rate Notes, Class B Fixed Rate Notes andor the Class C Fixed Rate Notes oPany Note
Serios such Notes ae not fully redcemed on the applicable Note Series 20xx-yy Call Date.

“Step-up Margín" means, with respec o any Ploating Rate Notes, hc step-up margin as
specified in the applicable Isuing Document) which may apply to the Class A Floating Rate
Notes, Class B Floating Rate Notes andior the Class C Floating Rate Notes of any Note Series
ifsuch Flosting Rate Notes ac not fully redcemed on the applicable Note Seris 20xx-yy Call
Date.

“Stop Instruction Notice” mens the notice to b delivered by the Management Company
(acting on behalf oFthe Fund) to the Collections Accounts Banks whercby, amongst others,
he Servicer shall mo longer be entiled to give any debit instruction in respect of the
Collections Accounts.

“STS Regulation” means the Europcan Commission published legislativo proposal dated 30
September 2015 intended to harmonise and replace the risk retemion and duc diligence
requirements applicable o certain EU regulaed investors.

“Subordinated Facilities” means (he Commingling Reserve Subordinaod Facility, he
Expenses Subordinated Facility, (i) the General Reserve Subordinated Facility and (iv) the
Seller Interest Credit Facility.

“Subordinated Facilities Providers” mcans (1) the Commingling Reservo Subordinated
Facility Provider, () the Expenses Subordinated Facility Provider, (i) the General Reserve
Subordinated Pacilisy Provider and (iv) the Seller Interest Credit Facility Provider.

“Subscription Date” mans the date on which the Notes of cach Notes Seris ae expected to
e fully subscribed through the signing of the relevant Notes Subscription Agreement

“Subscription Period” rucans the period oftime on the Subscription Date in which the Notes
Vf ach Notes Series are expected to be fully subscribed.

“Target Amount" mcans, during the Programme Revolving Period (only), th target amount
af the Outstanding Principal Balances of the Purchased Reccivables expected to be
repurchased by the Seller

“TARGET Business Day" mucans a day on which the Trans-Europcan Automated Reale
Time Gross Setlement Express Transfer System (TARGET2) is open.

“Terms and Conditions" means ihe terms and condiions (terminos y condiciones or
document privado de emisión) which will be prepared by the Management Company in
relation o the issue o any Class A Notes, Class 13 Notes and any Class C Notes to be listed in
MARE or in any other unegulated market, Each Terms and Conditions shall include, muuars
nuandi the information included in Schedule 2 "Form of Fins

4


'napplicd Revolving Amount" means, on any Calculation Date
(2) — during Programme Revolving Period:

6 if te Minimum Portfolio Amount Condition is satis, an amount cqual to
zero (0)

Gi) otherwise, an amount equal to the minimum between:
(A) the postie difference between:
(0) he Minimum Portfolio Amount; and
(UD tic ageregate of
1. the Ouistnding Principal Blancos of the Purchased
Reccivables — (exchuding — any — Nom-Compliant
Reccivables) under the Performing

of the immediately prior CULO Date to such
Calculation Dat; plus

hient Accounts as

si. the Outstanding Principal Balances of he Purchased
Reccivables > transferred in the contest of ita
Transfers on the Purchase Date prior o the Calculstion
Date (included); minus

sl ihe Outstanding Principal. Balances of amy
outstanding Porchased Reccivables (other han Non
and Defaulted Client Accounts) repurchased

(E) the positive difference between

(0 Ale aggregato ofhe Note Series 20xx-yy Available Purchase
Amounts; aná

(1) te maximum between () the Efectivo Purchase Price of the
Recivables sold by the Seller and (i) the Purchase Price of
all Receivables (ín the context of Initial Transfers andíor
Additional Transfers as applicable) sold and transforred by
the Seller on the Purchase Period preccding such Monthly
Payment Date;

(6) — during the Programme Amortisaion Period and th Programme Accelerated
Amorisaion Period, an amount equal to zero (0),

“UK” means the United Kingdom of Great Brisin nd Northern Ireland

458


'arible Fee” means the variable foc to be paid to the Seller on cach Monthly Payment
Date and equal to the Available Distribution Ammounts remaining on such Mombly Payment
Date aer payment or retetion of all other amosnts payable or resinable by the Fund in
“accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.

“VAT means Value Added Tax

“Zero Balance Client Account” means any Client Account which has recorded a mil
úutstanding balance of Reccivables generated thercon or outstanding thercunder.


SCHEDULE 2

FORM OF FINAL TERMS

Set out below is a form of Final Terms that will be completed for he issue of the Class A20xac3y
Notes, Class B20xx-yy Notes and Class C20xx-3y Notes oPany Note Serics issued by the Fund to bo
listed in ALAF or in any other regulated market in accordance with ihe provisions of the Base
Prospectus

FINAL TERMS DATED [8]
(t0the Base Prospectus dated registered with the Spanish Securities and Exchange Commission
(Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) on [e]

Columbus Master Credit Cards,

Fondo de Titulización

EUR 2,000,000.000.
Asset-Backed Debt Issuance
Programme for the isue of

Class A Asset Backed Notes
Class B Asset Backed Notes
Class C Asset Backed Notes

Final Terms

(8) (Class A20xx-yy Notes/Class B20xx-yy Note/Class C20xx-yy Notes] due [to be completed]
Note Series 2090yy

Issued under the Base Prospectus (the Base Prospectus) registered with the Spanish Securitis and
Exchange Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (be CNMV) on [8] [as
supplemented on [0] (the Prospectus Supplement)]

The following fa
ctas here.

1 terms (he Final Terms) include the characteristics of the securitics described in

The Base Prospectus, [he Prospectus Supplement] and the Final Terms may be consulted on the
website oftho Management Company (unwutimtiulizaion.com) and the CNMV (wuew.comcs)

The Fund

lisas [Class A20xx-3y Notev/Class B20x-yy Note
C200yy Notes] (the Notes)
Principal Amount EUR (9)

456


Issue Date [e] (to occur on she Fund Incorporarion Date and,
during the Programme Revolving Period. five (5)
business days before u Monthly Paymens Dase)

Disburscment Date al
Interest Rate (1
Payment Dates On cach [Monthly Payment Date / Quarterly Payment

Date / Semi-Anmal Payment Date / Annual Payment
Date] with a Sist aplicable Payment Date on [0]

Schcduled Amonisation Stating Date [e]
Note Series 20xx0-yy Call Datefs] [Not Applicable] / [to include date or dates where the
callan be exercised)
Issue Price [e] (or[e] percent)
Nokes Final Legal Mati Date al
IN / Common Code: 0]
Relevant Rating Agencies [DBRS, Moody's, Fitch, SEP]

THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1935, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) OR THE
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER RELEVANT
TURISDICTION AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE
US. OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, US. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN
REGULATION $ UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION $)), EXCEPT PURSUANT
TO AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS. THE FOLLOWING.
FINAL TERMS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON
AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOVER, AND IN
PARTICULAR, MAY NOT BE FORWARDED TO ANY US. PERSON OR TO ANY US,
ADDRESS. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION
OF THE SECURITIES OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS.

THE SELLER INTENDS TO RELY ON AN EXEMPTION PROVIDED FOR IN SECTION 20 0F
THE US. RISK RETENTION RULES REGARDING NON-UsS. TRANSACTIONS THAT MEET
CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS. CONSEQUENTLY, (A) ON ANY ISSUE DATE, THE NOTES
OFFERED AND SOLD BY THE ISSUER MAY NOT BE PURCHASED BY ANY PERSON
EXCEPT FOR PERSONS THAT ARE NOT US. PERSONS AS DEFINED UNDER THE US.
RISK RETENTION RULES (RISK RETENTION US. PERSONS) AND (13) DURING THE
DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED TO
ANY PERSON EXCEPT FOR PERSONS THAT ARE NOT RISK RETENTION US. PERSONS
(US. RISK RETENTION TRANSFER RESTRICIIONS, PURCHASERS AND
TRANSFEREES OF THE NOTES, INCLUDING BENEFICIAL INTERESTS THEREIN, WILL BE.
DEEMED TO MAVE MADE CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND AGREEMENTS,
INCLUDING THAT EACH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE (1) IS NOT A RISK RETENTION
US. PERSON, (2) 1S ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN FOR

'S OWN ACCOUNT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO DISTRIBUTE SUCH NOTE AND (3) IS

as7


NOT ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN AS PART OF A
SCHEME TO EVADE THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE US. RISK RETENTION RULES,
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE DEFINITION OF “US. PERSON” IN
THE US. RISK RETENTION RULES IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO, BUT NOT
IDENTICAL TO, THE DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON UNDER REGULATION $.

Prospective investors should read this Final Termas and the Base Prospcctus carefully before making

[Global Coordinators and] Joint Lead Managers

t

PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION

The securtis described in these Pinal Terms ae isucd by Columbus Master Credit Cards, Fondo de
Titulizción (ts Fund or he ssuer), with registered ofice at calle Príncipe de Vergara 131 planta
3 and Spanish Tax Idetiicasion Number (NIF) no 8]

[9 in hc name and on behall of INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN, SGT, S.A, with regierd
dlrs in Madrid, a call Principe de Vergara 131, plat 3, and with Spanish tx ideiication
mumber (NIE) A-ÓS7TASSS, acting as management company (Intermoney Titulización or the
Managerment Company) o th Fund, asumes rspnsibliy for th information set ut n ese
Final Tem

[9], on behalf of the Management Company, declare that, having taken all ressonblo cor to ensure
hat such is the case, Un information contained in his Final Terms is, 1 th best oS his knowledge, in
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect is impor

DESCRIPTION, CLASS AND CHARACTERISTICS OF THE RELEVANT ISSUED
SECURITIES

MAIN CHARACTERISTICS OF THE ISSUED SECURITIES

Capitlised words and expressions in this Final Terms shall have the samo meanings as st gut ín the
Base Prospectus except insofar as hc contest otherwise requires.

Lo heee The Fund

2. Note Series [NumberIdentification] Poxcayl

3. Stats ofthe [Class A2Oxx-yy Notes/Class | [Class AZ0xx3y Notes: (senior)
B20%x-yy Notes/Class C20xx-yy Notes]: | unsubordinatod] [Class B20xx3yy Notes

ase



E]
Noxes: (junior) subordinated]

[hs Easy

4 EUR

s EURÍO

6. Number of Notes composing the Clas | [Class A2Oxx3y Notes: [9

[Class A20weyy NotesClass Bl0wc3y
NotesClas C2bnx-yy Notes: [Class B20w0yy Notes: [0]

[Class C20xx-yy Notes: [€]

7 tescPiice: [9% ote Inia Principal Amount

$ Derominaons EUR 100.900.00

9 Issue Date”:

10, Subscription Date:

11. Sabrcripion Pei:

12 Disbursement Date”:

13. Notes Final Leal Maturiy Date
becih: date or Gor [Class A20w3y
NotevClass 20133 Note/Class C20LC3y
Notes), Payment Date faling in or nearet to
the relevant month and year]

14. Interest Bass: (18) per cent. Fixed Rate]
[EURIBOR for [0] Months) deposs +4 [8]
pos com, Plosing Rate] (fos particular
specific below)
(cional information on th scans intere
an be found in secion(s] (20 and 21] o eso
Final Temns)

15. Redemption Payment Basi: Unless previously redcemed or cancele, e

[Class A2Oxxyy  NotesiClass — B20xxyy
NolesíClass C20xx-yy Notes] will be redeemed

3 tus Ds ot ds o excuton fte Final Tens.

Disbursement Dato o occur no later han tre (3)

450

) Business Days are elevan [su Date



“tico Notes Final Legal Matriy Da

Optional arty Redemption:

[Ves/Not Applicable]

(Additional information on the Optional Early
Redemption can be found in section (22) of hese
Final Terms)

Representation of the socuriis

Listing and admission o trading

[Book entries managed by the Sociedad de
Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro,
Compensación y Liquidación de Valores,
IBERCLEAR, wilh registered office at Pl
de la Lealtad, no, 1, 28014 Madrid. /(8])

[Application has been made for the [Class
Altxxyy NotesClass B20wxyy NotesíClass
C20xx-yy Notes] to be admited to trading on
[AJAF Fixed Income Market / hr regulated
market] ]/ [Not Applicable.]

Application for PCS Label

[Ves jon [8] an aplicacion [has been will be]
made to Prime Collateralised Securities (PCS)
UR Limite or the Class Axayy Notes to receive
he PCS Label] /No]

PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST UF ANY) PAYABLE

20.

Fixed Rate Note Provisions

[Applicable/Not Aplicable)

lt nor applicable, dese the remaining sub
paragraphs of this paragraph)

6) InterestPeriod(s):

[Monthly Payment Date 7 Quarterly
Payment Date / Semi-Amnual Payment Date
Annual Payment Date] during the
Programme Revolving Period and the
Programme Armortisation Period.

Mombly Payment Date during the
Programme — Accclorated — Amortisaion
Period

6) InerestRate

118) per cent. pr annumm payable in areas
on cach Payment Date]

460



(Gi) Step-Up Interest Rate:

[Not Aplicable] / [8] per cent. per
ammm payable in arcars on cach Payment
Date aer the applicable Note Seres Zbxx-
yy Call Date

(N) Payment Date(s):

261h of [8] (Gubject to the Business Day
Convention) during the Programme
Revolving Period and the Programme
Amonisation Period

26th of cach month (subject to the Business
Day Convention) during the Programme
Accclersted Amortisaion Period

(0) First Payment Date:

(0) Business Day Convention:

[9] 0c(e)

Modified — Following — Business — Day
Convention

(vi) Day Count Fraction:

(vii) Pay responsible for
Interest Amownts:

calculating

[Actual36S —/ ActualActualASDA.
ActuallActual-ICMA / Actual136S (Fixed)
Actual160 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond
Basis/ 30E/560 ISDA)]

Management Company

21

Floating Rate Note Provisions

6) InterestPeriod(s):

[Applicable/Not Aplicable)

lt nor applicable, dese the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

[Between two. consecutivo] Monthly
Payment Dates / Quarterly Payment Dates
Semi-Amnual. Payment Dates / Annual
Payment Date] during the Programme
Revolving Period and the Programme
Amonisation Period

Betwcen two consecutivo Monthly Payment
Dates during the Programme Accelerated
Amorisation Period

46



0)

Payment Date(s)

26h of [8] (ubico to The Business Day
Convention) during the Programme
Revolving Period and the Programme
Amonisation Period

261h af cach month (subject to the Business
Day Convention) during the Programme
Accclersted Amortisaion Period

0)

Fist Payment Date:

[e] oct

0)

m

0)

Business Day Convention:

Pany responsible for calelating the
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest
Amount)

Reference Rate:

Modified — Following — Business — Day
Convention

Paying Agent

During the Programme Revolving Period
and the Programme Amoniation. Period
[EURIBOR for one (1) month / EURIBOR
for tres (3) months / EURIBOR for six (6)
months / EURIBOR for twelve (12) months
(provided that with respect £o the fist
Interest Period, th rate which represents the
lincar intepolaton of the [8] EURIBOR
rates)

During the Programme Accclerated
Amorisation Period, EURIBOR for one (1)
month

5)

Interest Determination Date(s):

[9] [TARGET] Business Days in [specity
city] for EURO prior to (he fist day of
csch Interest Periodícach Interest Payment
Date]

(A) Relevant Screen Page

í

(8) Relevant Margin(s

pa

(e) percent por annum

(6) Step-Up Margin

[Not Aplicable] / [(8] per cent. per
“ammum payable in arrcars on cach Payment
Dat after the applicable Note Series ZOxx-

12



yy CallDa]

(0) Minimum Interest Rat [Not Aplicable] /() percent. peranmam.
(E) Maximum Interest Rat: [Not Aplicable] /() percent. peranmam.
(E FloorImerest Rate [Zero per cent (0%) ] [Nat Applicable]
(6) _ Cappedorfoored EURIBOR _| [Nat Applicable] [0]
(4) Day Count Fraction [Actual365 / Actual/Actal - ISDA
ActuallActual — ICMA / Actual1365 (Fixed)
Actual(360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond
Basis / 300560 USDA)]
(vii) Hodging — Coumterparty — Required | [
Ratings

PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

22. Seheduled Amontisaion Starting Date:

23. Optional Early Redemption:

[Applicble/Not Aplicable]

(E mot applicable, delte the remaining sub-
paragraph ofhis paragraph)

6) Note Series 20%xx-3y Call Dae[s:

[Not Appliable] / [to include date or dates
vere she call can be exercised]

Gi) Note Series 20xx3yy CleamUp.

Cal

Aplicable

OTHER PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

24. Hodging Agreements [Description if applicable (including. hedging.
«counterparie) Not Applicable
(Additional information on the hedging
“agreements con be found below)

25. — Relevant Rating Agencies

16



26.

Ratings

[Its a condition of the issuance 08 the Class A.
Notes that) the Class A Notes are assigned at
he relevant Issue Date a preliminary rating of
y [8] ande] by [8]

[Its a condition of the issuance of he Class E.
Nokes tha 1) the Clas 3 Notes are assigned at
he relevant Issue Date a preliminary rating of

[Class C Notes will not be rated / Class C Notes
vil be matod by (8] and [8]]

Each of [8] and [0] established in the European
Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No.
106012009 — (as amended) (he “CRA
Regulation”) and is included in the list of credit
rating agencies registered in accordance with ho
CRA Regulation published on the European
Securitics and Markets Authority's. website
(www:csma.curopa.cu page Listregisteredande
cenificd.CRAS).

a

Estimatod Note Series Issue Expenses

[AAF / Other] Expensos: [€

IBERCLEAR Expenses: [8]

CNMV fos: (8)

Rating agencies, notas fees, [global
«oordinators/ lead managers / underwrtr fees),
legal ces and others: [8]

Total Note Serios Issue Expenses: [

2.

Class [A/B8/C] Flosting Rate Notes only
- Historic Interest Rates

Detils of historic EURIBOR mtes con be
úblained from [Reuters],

2.

Operational Information

ISIN Code:

Delivery

Delivery (against of) payment

468



30, Distribution:

¡Group of potential Note Subscribers to | (Class. A Notes: Qualified investors / SFC
whom the Notes Isuc is intended: [ensiydesignated by SEC]

[Class 13 Notes: Qualified investors / SEC /
[ensiydesignated by SEC]

[Class C Notes: Qualified investors / SEC /
[ensiydesignated by SEC]

Mathod of distribution [Syndicate] [Norayndicaed)
Global Coordinato) [Not Applicablegive names of global
Lead Manegees [Not Applicable/give names lead managers]
Underaries [Not Applcable/give name

Booleunnce: [Not Applcable/give name

Billing and Delivery Agent: [Not Applcable/giv name]

INFORMATION ON THE GLOBAL COORDINATORS, LEAD MANAGERS,
BOOKRUNNERS, UNDERWRITERS AND BILLING AND DELIVERY AGENT

Below is information identifying tc [global coordintor, cad managers, bookrunncrs undenveiters
and biling amd delivery agent] of this Notes Series

(2) [Enmiy's mame] (Ent dtils) [Registration Data] [Aérea]
[TAXIDENTIFICATION NUMBER]
[Crediraings]

[Relations with hor participants]

[INFORMATION ON THE ADMISSION TO TRADING OF THE NOTES

“An application all be mado for the Notes described in hose Final Termas to be admited to trading
on the [ALAF/[orher regulared marker], The Management Company shall carry out its est efforts to
achieve that the admission to trading of ho Notes of cach Notes Series on [AJA fother regular.
maket]] is coricd out not later than thiny (30) calendar days ar hc Disbursement Date.

465


[SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF THE MAIN TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE
HEDGING AGREEMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS

[to be included if applicable]

[lype of transaction]

[Documentation]

[Interest rate swaplImerest Rate CollarInterest
Rate Caplothr]

[ISDA/CMOF Other]

[Hiedging AlCIass

BChss/C)

CounterparyClass

le

[Calculaion Agent]

[Notional Amount]

0l

[Trade Dates]

[Esfective Date]

[Termination Date]

[Fixed Amount]

[Fixed Rate Payer]

[Fixed Rate Payer Payment Dates]

[Floating Amownts:]

0]

[Floating Rate Payer]

[(Cap/Floritae

[Floating Rate Payer Payment Dates:]

0]

[Floating Rate for initial. Calculo
Period]

[Floating Rate Option]

[Designated Mati]

[Floating Rate Day Count Fraction:]

[Reset Dates]

466



[Business Day Convention] [Following/Modifid Following Precodinglothr]

[Calculaion — Agent and relevant
calculation agency provisions]

[Events of DefaulióTermination
Events/Addiional. Termination. Events
Gncluding — Hedging — Coumterpary
Resuired Ratings)

[Rating Agencies and Rating Events:]

[Description —Óf the Collteal
Arrangements!]

[Otherrelevant provision]

WEIGHTED AVERAGE LIFE OF THE NOTES, INTERNAL RATE OF RETURN AND
ASSUMPTIONS

To include a sable of the results Weighted Average Lives and Internal Rates of Resurn of each of
Class of Notes, and the hopotheses and assumptions considered] [to include exact wording as of he
10)

The yiclds to maturity on the Class [A/BICROxx-yy Nates will be sensitive to and afected by the
amount and timing of delinquencies, prepayment and payment pattern, evolving and credit card
usage, dlution and default on the Purchased Reccivabls, the level of hc relevant interest reference
rate, the occurtence of any Revolving Termination Events o Acceleated Amortisation Events or any
Fund Liquidation Events, the issuance of a new Note Seres, the occurrence of an Optional Fary
Redemption Event or any Optional Repurehase Event and any other repurchases of the Purchased
Reccivables by the Seller, Each of such cvents may impact the wcighted aversge lives, the internal
rates of return, and the Duration of the Class (A/E/C]20%xyy Notes.

Weighted Average Lives and Internal Rates of Return of the Class [A/B/C]20xx-yy Notes

The “Weighted Average Life" (WAL) of the Class [A/B/CI2Uxac3y Notes refrs to the average
amount of time that will clapse from the dae of issuance of he Class (A/B/C]20xcyy Notes to the
date of distribution to the investor of cach Euro distributed in reduction af the principal of such
security. The Weighted Average Life of the Class [A/B/C]20wcyy Notes shall be affected by the
available fund allcated to redeem the Clas [A/B/C]20xx-3y Notes.

The “Internal Rate of Returv" (RR) of the Class (A/B/C]20x1-3y Notes refrs to th rate of return
at makes the net present value of all cash Mlows (both positive and negative) from the investment dn

467



he Clas [AVBIC]20xx-yy Notes equal to zro. The Internal Rate of tun of he Class [A/BICROxx>
yy Notes shall be affected by the available funds allocated to pay interests due on the
Class [AJBIC]20x-yy Notes.

The model used for the purpose of calculaing cstimates presented in his document employs am
assumed constant per MPPR (as defined blow. Th MPPR is an assumed monthly constant rate of
payment of principal, when applied monthly, results ín the expected pontolio of the Purchased
Rescivables balance and allows to calculat the monthly principal payment

The information included in he tables below asume, among other things
(2) the Disbursement Date of the Note Series 20x-yy is [8

(6) the Seheduled Amontisaton Starting Date is[

(6) th tol dat is (0) which is th Fund relevant Cu:01 Dat prior to hs isuance of such
Notes for which an Investor Report is available /1S" March 2017 corresponding to the
eferene det of th Audited Portfolio in he cose ol nial Note Series isued o the Fund
Incaporain Date;

(Y that on the Disbursement Date of the Note Series 20xxyy, the Outstanding Principal
Balances of th Purehased Reccivables is equal to hc Minimumn Porfo
amounts to [8] as of such date. Now Reccivables are purchased (if required) in order to
maintain such Minimum Portfolio Amount until the Schcdoled Amortisation Starting Date of
he Note Serios 20x00yy5

Amount which.

(e) — that the composition and the amontistion profile of the portfolio of the Purchased
Reccivables (and ho new Reccivables purchased during the Note Seres Revolving Period of
the outstanding Note Series) is similar to the composition and amortisaton profile of he
performing portfolio as at th cut-ofP dat;

(0) no new isuance of furor Note Series occur (however for calculation purposes previously
issued and outstanding Notes Series a considered)

(E) the Seller docs not repurchaso any Reccivables purchased by the Fund;

(0) the rate of deflts on the Reccivables is assumed constant at [0]%, which is consisten with
the one [provided by the Management Company in he Iatet available Investor Report. based
on the observed performance of the Purchasod Reccivables as of [8] which is ho Fund
relevant Cut-0f Date prior o the issuance of such Notes for which an Investor Repor is
available / observed by the Seller in January 2017 as described in section 3.5 of he Base
Prospectus (in he cas ol initial Not Serios issued on the Fund Incorporation Date)]:

6) interest payments on the Reccivables will hc reccived, ¡Fany at the applicable interest rate
fíered by SEC which as of hc cut-of date stand at [O]%%. No adjustment of the applicable
interest rate under the Credit Card Agreements is ofred by SEC;

46%


Ó the Fund excess margin is constant and suflicient to cover the assumed rate of defaults on the
Rescivables:

0) a constant month principal payment ate (MPPR). In respect of Class [A/B/C] Notes, the
“assumed MPPR is: () [0% in respect of scenaio 1; (id) [0]%6 in respect of scenario 2; and
(Gi) [9% in respect of scenario 3, according to the following table. These scenarios have
en defined based on the observed performance of the Purchascd Rescivables as of (8)
vwbich is he Fund relevant Cut! Date prior to the issuance of such Notes / hisorio
information provided by the Seller in January 2017 as described in section 3,5 of the Base
Prospectus (in he cas ol initial Not Serios issued on the Fund Incorporation Date)]:

(0) the calculation of hc eight average life (án years) is calculated on an Actual/Actual basis
(1) the Note Series 20xx-yy Clean-Up Call Conditions will not be considere applicable;
(2) one ofthe Fund Liquidation Events are considered applicable;

(0) payment of principal and interest due and payable under the Notes will be roccived on
he 26th day ofcach corresponding Payment Dato;

(0) zero percent investment return is camed on he Isucr Accounts;
(2) m0 Resolving Termination Event has occured;

(0) mo Accclrated Amontisation Event has occurred; and

(6). itisnotnecessary to use the Commingling Reserve or he General Reserve.

The actual choracterisics and performance of the Purehascd Reccivables will diflr from the
assumptins used in constructing the tables st forh below, which are hypothetical in nature and
provided only 10 give a general sense of how the principal cash Mlows might behave under varying
monthly rate of principal payment scearios, For example, its unlikely that the reccivables will pay
at a constant mombly rate of principal payment until maturity. Any difference betwcen such
“assumptions and the actual characteristics and performance of the Purchascd Reccivables, or actual
monthly rat of principal payment of loss experiences, will afct th percentage of principal amount
úutstanding as velas interest payment over tim and iho Weighted Average Life and Internal Rate of
Return of the Class [A/BIC]20%x-yy Notes.

Subject to the foregoing discussion and assumptions, the following tables indicate 1he Weighted
Average Life, Duration and the Internal Rate of Return of the Class [A/B/C]20xx-yy Notes under the
constant MPPR shown and depending on the exercise of the optional redemption of the Note
Series 20xx-y on the Note Series 20xx-3y Call Date.

460


¡Class [BIC] Notes No Cal

Soenario Number E
Monihly Principal Payment Rate MPPR
Weghted Average Lie n years
Fist Principal Payment Date
Especied Mati
al ate ol Relurn poca
Duration years)

Class (A

cenar Number
Mon Principal Payment Rate MPPR
Wieighted Average Lie Un years
Fis Principal Payment
FEspected Mati

al ate ol Relurn porcnazo
Duration years)

Due

Portfolio Cumulative Default Ratio / No Call
Scenario Number 1 2 3
Monihly Principal Payment ate (MPPR

Cum

+ Deal Ratio

cenario Number n 2 3
Mon Principal Payment ate (MPPR

Cum

«e Default Ratio

[ln addition Note Series payment cash lows will be provided for cach class, MPPR scenario and
Call Calls per ho following model]

Payment Date Notinal Outstandins otero Principal

[LEVEL OF CLASS C20XX-YY REQUIRED SPREAD AMOUNT"

[Uh Class C20xxyy Required Spread Amount mesos [8]

To be included for Final Temns of Class C Notes which have a Class C20x%yy Requird Spread


| ona

These Final Terms have been countersigned on all hir pages and signed in

Signed on behalfof

INTERMONEY TITULIZACIÓN, S.G.FT, S.A, (on behalf of [8], FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN
DEACTIVOS)

Me[e]

mn


MASTER CREDIT CARDS, FONDO DE TITULIZACIÓN”

A secuisaion Fund ondo denulcación)
incorpore 1 Spain parsuant oe provision of Law 52015

MANAGEMENT COMPANY AND MASTER SERVICER

Intermoney Titulizacón, S.G.ET, SA.
"E Pci de Vergara 131, 3 plana
28002 Mad
Spain

SELLER, SERVICER, EXPENSES SUBORDINATED FACILITY PROVIDER, COMMINGLIN'
RESERVE SUBORDINATED FACILITY PROVIDER, GENERAL RESERVE SUBORDINATED.
FACILITY PROVIDER AND SELLER INTEREST CREDIT FACILITY PROVIDER.

Servicios Financieros Carrefour, EJE.C. S.A.
“Causa Esplandi 13,10" plata

28007 Madrid
Spain
ARRANGER, GLOBAL COORDINATOR, — ARRANGER, GLOBAL COORDINATOR AND
JOINT LEAD MANAGER in respect of the Note. JOINT LEAD MANAGER (in respec the Note
Series 2017-01) AND BILLING AND DELIVERY Series 20174
AGENT

Banco Santander, S.A. Nati

Ciudad Grupo Santander 30 avenue Pim Mond France

Avenida de Cantabria sn 75013 Pan

28668 Boadilla dl Monte, Maid France
Spain

Banco Santander, SA.
¡Gran Via de Moralez, 3, edificio Pe plata
29033 Mad
Spain

ISSUER ACCOUNTS BANK

Banco Santander, SA.
Ciudad Grupo Santander
Avenida de Cantabria fa

24660 MNoudila del Monse, Madrid

Spain

AUDITOR
Mazars Auditores, SLP.
Calle Dipatacó, 260

08007 Barccóna
Spain
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGERS AND LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE SELLER

“THE JOINT LEAD MANAGERS (in respect of he
Note Series 2017.01)

Alen £ Over Clitord Chance, SLP.
Call Pdo de Valdivia, 10 Pasco dela Caselna, 110
2006 Made hos Made
Spain Spa

an


